[[{"review_id": "8DVDhVb6Xc3uqpgUsFhZog", "user_id": "6nx9Q6ivkLAcEV35UFOfcA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/12/2018", "text": "Yum!Yum!Foie gras with bacon jam.Iceberg with buttermilk dressing.Pasta with mushrooms and mascarpone and tomato sauce.Chocolate donut with caramel popcorn ice cream.Oh . . . and wine by the glass that only comes by the bottle on the west coast. (Rombauer and Caymus)Did I say ?"}, {"review_id": "H7FoGSkMXatqMSEfcx_jrg", "user_id": "qu1WOcrUVZMTh3j4nJEO3w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/3/2018", "text": "Excellent food !! Had a large business dinner, plates and appetizers shared from a number of items.Normally am quite sckeptical of any place claiming \"fusion\" NoJa lists a southern Mediterranean fusion and the chef is of Ethiopian decent so was not sure what to expect . There are many ways that mix could go wrong but NoJa has it exactly right Starters were amazing, had the foiegras, pork cheeks, and shrimp-scallops, all extremely well.done and paired well to set the pallet for the mainsDuck over grits wity cherry basalmic reduction and kale was fantastic. Others had the pecan cruster grouper special and loved it. Had a table side order of brussel sprouts which also amazingHome ginger doughnut and ice desert was really amazingDining area was comfortable and not cramped despite being a small venue, nice round table for large group which is very social Service staff was excellent !! Very knowledgeable on the menu but best of all not pretentiousOverall a very high quality dining experience yet retains a southern charm and comfort I forcast James Beard awards NoJa's future if they were in a larger market like New Orleans unquestionably would of had one by now"}, {"review_id": "1sP0Eh3oKn7zTj5WVadHgA", "user_id": "URztfwZcvuj7_KrpBGJYYQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/8/2018", "text": "I just got back from a 10 day tour of the south.   For each location visited, I researched the best restaurants in the area.  NoJa was on the short list for Mobile.  And I can see why.I entered the restaurant at 8:30 on a Friday evening.  They didn't have much longer until closing time.  However, they were glad to seat me at the bar.  And I was glad to sit there.  Typically, bartenders can be some of the best, most interesting servers.  This was no exception.  Molly was incredible.  Friendly, helpful, providing suggestions on food and wine.  I had the arugula salad and Ethiopian chicken, extra spicy.  Oh.  My.  God.  Incredible.  Beautiful space, friendly servers, excellent food.  Way to go, NoJa!"}, {"review_id": "FDPMFIMxXZVeRvziiGQrmg", "user_id": "6EVQ_PPAeExnoYqDnCDpdQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "Had dinner here after seeing a show at the Saenger theatre.  We found it on Yelp and trusted the good reviews since we aren't from Mobile.  We sat outside in the back garden, very nice.  Had some really good drinks.  The service was good, our waitress explained all of the entrees in detail.  I got a really delicate and tasty soup and the pork checks which were very tender and juicy.  My husband had the ribeye with noja mash potatoes, very good!  Don't miss their home made chocolate donut with pop corn ice cream... It was so good!!!"}, {"review_id": "S3as21woBkAShxlhltCzcQ", "user_id": "hKKdPLddlbcYF5OIKEZSUA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/13/2017", "text": "I am super excited to be writing this review because, I have tried to go to Noja on several different occasions, and something has always come up.    Last Wednesday after an event downtown, we got the opportunity to dine in this amazing restaurant!We arrived feeling a little guilty because they close at 9:30pm and it was 8:30 when we sat down.  The waitress Paulina was absolutely awesome, she made us feel right at ease asked us if we preferred sparkling, bottled, or tap water. Then she asked about bread and told us about the specials of the day! We each enjoyed at 6 North Jackson Street cocktail, which were a tad sweet for me but she really enjoyed them!  This is not to say it wasn't good, it was.  We got the scallops and shrimp appetizer over grits!  The shrimp was cooked to perfection and the scallops had such flavor and sweetness to them I almost wish we had ordered two servings of it!  The grits were light and fluffy and needed nothing added to them.  We then waited with holiday like suspense for our entrees.  I ordered the steak special, a 14oz bone in 45 day dry aged KC steak cooked medium rare, with noja mashed potatoes, and asparagus!  I don't know if I have ever had a better steak, it was juicy, perfectly cooked with the ends even crispy as you cut into them.  The potatoes were light and creamy, and the asparagus grilled to perfection.  She ordered the hanger steak which is the standard recommendation for those who have never eaten there.  She ordered the same size and temperature.  With dinner we had a glass of pinot noir that was out of this world.After all of that, Paulina sold us on a dessert, at the risk of feeling and sounding gluttonous, we split that.  The chocolate donut and mobile popcorn flavored ice cream was so different that we thoroughly enjoyed it!  Light and fluffy homemade donut and the ice cream being handmade ensured it to be flavorful and creamy!  All in all, Noja has been a staple downtown for a longtime and now I know why!  The next time your interested for a great local meal with a seasonal menu, in an intimate environment with Mobile flair, give Noja a try! Also if Paulina is working, I highly recommend her!"}, {"review_id": "stxWORh0_s8s4nDwd5ItYw", "user_id": "VRztzG95epxbO7w07xQYKw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/10/2018", "text": "Yeah, this place is as advertised by the reviews. Great atmosphere, service and food. The 8 oz filet was right on point."}, {"review_id": "6gFJclzEee5vn1Dv-Vk1Ew", "user_id": "SJEgII7oL3fL-adohgriXA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/18/2017", "text": "Recently had an amazing first experience at NoJa! After leaving earlier than anticipated from an event, we decided to call the restaurant and see if a table was available. Thankfully there was, and we were able to be seated within 15 min of us calling.I started out with a 6 N. Jackson cocktail and the shrimp and scallops appetizer for the table. For my entree I had the hanger steak cooked medium rare with the NoJa mashed potatoes and asparagus. Everything was cooked to perfection. This was hands down the best steak I've ever had in Mobile. For dessert, we ordered a chocolate donut with butter popcorn ice cream. I wasn't sold on the sound of butter popcorn flavored ice cream, but I'm so glad we chose that flavor to try because it was delicious! Not only was the food a five star experience, but the service was five star as well! We had Paulina taking care of us that night, and she was great. NoJa is definitely one of my new favorite places in downtown Mobile, and I'm looking forward to the next visit!"}, {"review_id": "N6-QTO88V-maKlGZCVJ5ig", "user_id": "SQohbNdzKa4u2kbcuaghNw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/18/2017", "text": "Celebrating my wife Bev's birthday at this wonderful cozy place.  She started with a fancy cocktail and had a glass of wine with dinner. NOJA oozes atmosphere and ambiance. You may sit outside in a delightful shaded courtyard reminiscent of a top flight New Orleans place or sit inside in the cozy air conditioned space. I must mention the wait staff from hostess to Sommelier to waiter to chef to manager. All were friendly, knowledgeable, professional yet non-intrusive, they appeared happy and proud with a sense ownership. Delightful crew! Another interesting feature is you can see the chefs at work in the kitchen from your seating area through a viewing window.We started out sharing a generous appetizer:Braised Pork Cheeks -- 12Sous Vide Pork Cheeks, Fried Brussels Sprouts, Ginger-Soy-Honey GlazeFollowed by a salad course with bread basket and an infused butter.Baby Spinach Salad -- 9Nueske's Applewood Smoked Bacon, Georgia Blue Cheese, Pickled Shallots, Bacon VinaigretteHeirloom Tomato & Burrata -- 9buratta cheese, aged balsamic, basil infused olive oilFor the main course my wife went with the lamb:Colorado Lamb Chops -- 44Strauss Farmers Rack of Lamb, Smoked Paprika/ Tarragon Cream Sauce, Fingerling Potatoes, Chef's VegetablesI opted for a terrific steak:Kansas City Bone in Strip steakCenter Cut Beef , Seasonal Vegetables, NoJa Signature Mashed PotatoesFor dessert:Ginger Donut -- 8Warm Homemade Donut, Daily Ice Cream, Caramel Sauce.Bev's wonderful son and daughter-in-law gave us a $100 gift certificate as a gift, we had a wonderful evening and if you're looking for a cozy, romantic, 5star eatery in the heart of beautiful downtown Mobile, this is your place!"}, {"review_id": "j8WlWIEtJudpJrvWZc_4YA", "user_id": "-RFX6k2bJFJZU7IlZoAMIg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/31/2017", "text": "Sublime dining. Exceptional service from a very attentive staff in a cozy atmosphere. The food is phenomenal, focusing on fresh, local ingredients. We started with the heirloom tomatoes and burratta salad, followed by hangar steak and Ethiopian chicken entrees. Everything was delicious, but the mashed potatoes were extraordinary - a blend of regular and sweet potatoes with a hint of truffle oil. The ginger donut and vanilla ice cream dessert rounded out the meal - just sweet enough. If you have a special event to celebrate in Mobile, this is the place!"}, {"review_id": "RNy_sbeV3OfPrfMgyLuf3A", "user_id": "VtDj1Go43WVWOUwJ8PRuMA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "6/15/2017", "text": "My wife and I had a great experience at NoJa. We were welcomed and seated in the middle of the restaurant. My wife and I ordered the Foie Gras which is an excellent appetizer choice. Our server, Jason, paired it the appetizer with a small glass of wine. We went onto the entrees; my wife ordered the Lamb Chops and I ordered the 25 day aged Kansas City bone-in steak. The NoJa mash potatoes was probably the best mash potatoes I've ever had. Jason also brought out 5 different wines to try with our meal. We recommend a bottle of the Baby Blue. Overall this is a place I would recommend and take my wife again and again. Also ask for Jason, he's great!"}, {"review_id": "SWcpQvAA7uPfXHmhvDiaHg", "user_id": "CzAQw3BTHWYhSNboBOkVnA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "10/25/2016", "text": "Excellent service.Nice ambiance inside as well as a very nice outside patio.Prices a bit high.Nice small menu.Arugula salad had mostly arugula and not much else however overall tasty ($9)Panko coated grouper was good. Came with 3 fingerling potatoes ($34)Soup of the day had Moroccan flavors. Mostly broth with a very small amount of veggies (cup $8)Featured Victor Hugo \"Opulence\" red wine was great ($13 per glass)"}, {"review_id": "ZEPy7ufode_8iV95whgK5g", "user_id": "69t5cILDBb-1PZTm7iqxJQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "6/4/2017", "text": "First time trying NoJa the restaurant is a quaint little place in downtown Mobile. I went with two small plates the first was Foie Gras with cherry compote and a balsamic reduction,it was very good the flavors were well balanced and complimented one another. Second small plate was pork cheek with brussel sprouts,the pork cheek was fall apart tender and amazing,l will be thinking about this dish in my dreams!! My husband had the pork chop which was cooked perfectly and very well seasoned. They also make a specialty butter last night it was tomato,garlic,and basil and I could have eaten twice my weight in it,so good!! This is a great restaurant especially for special occasions,and the staff and service are wonderful I will return!!"}, {"review_id": "FBc3Mar99I8kXYQzrr-pSQ", "user_id": "iWGzknWK5usiQDIPODY5SA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "8/30/2017", "text": "Needed a great place to entertain my clients.  They suggested Noja.  It didn't disappoint.  Great service.  I had the Pork chop which was done exactly how I like.  Conversation stop when our dishes arrived until we were almost done.    Dessert finished off our meal in style. Give it a try. I think you'll be happy you did!"}, {"review_id": "lQEwy1S6ZlKo_mmmaBtCAQ", "user_id": "MBimofXrOV-xb1aofdl0HA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/13/2017", "text": "This was our best dining experience in Mobile, loved it so much we went twice. We escaped Florida in time to avoid Hurricane Irma and just in time to experience the culinary delights and great service at No Jo {North Jackson}. The Filet Mignon and Hanger Steak were delicious and almost outdone by their signature mashed potatoes made with sweet potatoes, regular potatoes and truffle oil and I'm sure some other amazing ingredients. The White Duck and Pork Chops also delighted. Followed by a ginger Donut w Popcorn ice cream and creme brûlée to end. All amazing!!"}, {"review_id": "buhFxusxAoWPgj4HHPmM5w", "user_id": "p3hgZ827iazmw6BtKzj6qw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/29/2018", "text": "The food at Noja is second to none. I always leave there pleased not only with the amazing food, but the wait staff as well. My absolute favorite is the hanger steak and the Noja mashed potatoes. The popcorn ice cream is a must try as well. The wine menu has a large selection and cocktails are unique and tasty."}, {"review_id": "oNkivWeET4mb186puGLllA", "user_id": "fcWV1fBSupIcuCgyHiLPTw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "7/23/2017", "text": "Everything here was great from service, to appetizers, entrees, desserts, and wine and cocktails.I had the panko crusted fish with Brussel sprouts and mushrooms and my plate was licked clean. My colleagues had the lamb chops and the duck and those were equally delicious. We had the shrimp and scallops with grits for appetizer and the pork. The pork was definitely my favorite. The cuisine is unique and the waiter was extremely helpful and knowledgeable with dish suggestions and wine and cocktail pairings. They give you fresh bread with their home made butter to snack on. This time around the butter was their roasted vegetable with basil and thyme and it's literally the best butter I've ever had. I would make my entire meal the bread with butter if that was a healthy option.For dessert I had the ginger donut and he gave me a scoop of both the vanilla and popcorn ice cream to try. Everything about this meal and the experience was on point. The restaurant is a small establishment nestled in downtown mobile, so I liked that it was a small and intimate setting. I would definitely return the next time I'm in Movile."}, {"review_id": "Y4J3OBSnTkDqH8o09qmriw", "user_id": "y9J0dI9yC5V7q9v-sFJGVQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/20/2017", "text": "This place is phenomenal. Prices are perfect for what you receive. I actually think you receive a pretty large amount of food. Aside from the portion size, the tastes are absolutely amazing! My significant other and i are on a kick to have good food once a month, and by good I mean, no chain bs. Specialty restaurants who pride themselves in what they do. The cocktails are absolutely the best I have had since I have been in Florida; missed a good cocktail.  Also, I saw one of the owners from my favorite winery in Georgia here, they are pretty renown so I think that say a lot. Thank you to NoJa for a beautiful start to the evening!"}, {"review_id": "isb1GLJj2moxCf90WPGG_A", "user_id": "C_MA0evCgA7MeXiLYN36sA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/27/2017", "text": "Oh my dear word, this restaurant is amazing. I came here on recommendation and Every expectation has been met and surpassed. The scallops, the shrimp, the steak, the bread the drinks... even the service was absolutely divine... my Taste buds are literally having a party right now I ordered dessert and doubt that I have room for it.  But I simply had too every single thing like heavenly. Jesus Christ I just tasted dessert.... words can no longer contain this review. It would probably be x-rated... I will kindly tell everyone that if you have any self-respect for your tastebuds come here and treat them well. I Promise you will not be disappointed."}, {"review_id": "KQcwbdJYiP8YxX2GD2iK8A", "user_id": "bq5ptU_6YJ4iWObwMlUiWg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/27/2016", "text": "Great spot! The service was spectacular. I loved the feel of this restaurant. It is tucked in on a cozy little street in downtown Mobile. The menu was amazing. I had the pureed pea soup and it left me wanting more! The salmon was cooked to perfection. Any time there is creme brulee on the menu, you better believe I am ordering it. Not surprised it was delicious. Cannot wait to go back!"}, {"review_id": "OiYYXJAoei7hWMELmOiPpw", "user_id": "_KSU4O7yIHuolQ7rmg0sOw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/19/2016", "text": "WOW! What a find!! I ordered one of the best meals I've ever eaten at this little trendy local gem. The ambiance is perfect for a romantic dinner. The service was phenomenal,we didn't have to wait or ask for anything. The waiter did get a little to close, IMO, but I don't like invasion of my personal bubble.. The lamb was delicious and cooked perfectly! My wife ordered the fresh fish of the day and ate every last bite! The wine tasted great even with a price tag of $13 a glass. If your looking for a great dining experience I highly recommend Noja to all!!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/noja-mobile?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]