[[{"review_id": "pTQmGXDDyqx9BlN3NPb9oA", "user_id": "vsCrgvoTZ-NSBs-0PkOXNA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/27/2018", "text": "The vegetarian plate was AMAZING!! So much food & the owner has changed some recipes to make the entire plate vegan! Next time we're in town, we'll definitely be eating here again! Super friendly staff, amazing food, fun & lovely atmosphere! Wow! Just WOW!!"}, {"review_id": "hfTLS3wms8i7l2NvqJk34Q", "user_id": "Mr7rO-RkVun74xeKMpETyw", "rating": 2.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Not certain if it was the lunch rush that happened before we got there, the wait staff seemed hurried in the full room, but it fell flat. With such a great review, the sheer number of reviews and the packed restaurant really got my hopes up. I got the falafel plate, the falafel's were way over cooked--almost burnt, the basmati rice was bland and really tasted more like over cooked yellow rice, and the Israeli salad was more like a soup than a salad with how much water came from the cut vegetables. All an all, bland. Love Mediterranean food, but this lacked the spice to make this vegan happy. And for you non-vegans my mom got the chicken and said the same thing. Bland."}, {"review_id": "s_B6pXwA8tWGHYoHla2MYg", "user_id": "JG5pFoWZv-u0c-6PwC8lhQ", "rating": 2.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "Hate to put 2 stars because I've been coming to Eli's since he opened. Unfortunately, since the 2nd location opened quality has declined. And not just once, or twice, but now *7* times in a roll. (I never give anywhere this many disappointing chances, but I hoped for what it once was...). I always get the Shashuka, and the eggs have been either over, or far under, cooked. It may not sound like a big deal, but the poached eggs is what makes the dish. And after the server brought our plates, I had to ask for the side, cucumber tomato salad, that comes w the dish. Now I know this is the south, and people love salty dishes, but this time it was so SO salty that I couldn't even eat it. But hey, at least the fries were cooked better this time. Again, leaving completely bummed, and now having to go elsewhere for a little more food."}, {"review_id": "_kjJxD0KdEvIu9fGYBqpLQ", "user_id": "fkQw-LB8FS5vvUlq_ZwvZw", "rating": 2.0, "date": "1/21/2018", "text": "The first two times I ate here, I really enjoyed my meals and couldn't wait to go back.  The last two times I ate here, however, the food weren't to my liking.  The shawarma was too dry whether it was beef/lamb or chicken. I shouldn't have to drown the meat in the accompanying sauce to make it better.  The hummus and pita weren't the best I've had either.  Service was good, but that's about it.It will be a while before I'll try Eli's again.  There are just too many restaurants in Birmingham now to keep patronizing restaurants where the food is not to my liking each time."}, {"review_id": "Aex7Ou13TrDLVG-eKZw4tw", "user_id": "BXy4phNx9L1PEkVMWUgNXA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/4/2018", "text": "Chicken schwarma. Lamb and beef schwarma. Probably the best falafel in town. House made pita. There's a bunch to like about this joint. Can get busy at lunch."}, {"review_id": "ZHJrY3ztjJXBgwa4aSDwIA", "user_id": "ogqhDgmRa48Cuo3K3MteHQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/20/2017", "text": "Refreshingly fresh is the best way I cam think to describe this place.  Pleasantly, there are a few satisfying vegan options on the menu.  I ordered the vegetarian plate , and my husband the falafel sandwich.   My meal was complete with couscous, rice, 6 six yummy falafel balls, salad, and hummus.  The favorite part of this meal is the fact that everything on my plate was very fresh!  2 fresh baked pieces of pita were brought with the meal as well.  My husbands falafel sandwich was good, nothing to write home about, but good and rather satisfying.  In his opinion, everything could have used more seasoning.I probably won't run back here every time I'm in Birmingham, but it's definitely going on the list of solid options."}, {"review_id": "5_oypgG7cEozPxyLO_Xz0A", "user_id": "929vK1Ly-iD_OaLtK4GLKg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Had an incredible meal here! Stopped in our way through Birmingham and could not believe how good it was! The Israeli wine was so very good and the staff was extremely helpful and super friendly. Will be back many times in the future!!"}, {"review_id": "IrspO7rowln5svGkky33KA", "user_id": "Teky9fPBdjSxsJPTka3cTA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "6/9/2017", "text": "Finally made it out to the original. Bf and I loved the Pizitz one and decided to try out the original. It was late lunch, so not too crowded. I ordered the vegetarian plate and he ordered chicken schwarma. We also got Baklava. Price was cheaper than Pizitz. I loved the vegetarian plate even more. At Pizitz, they throw it all on top of each other in to-go container, meaning everything is mixed and hidden in the box. I also received more food here. It tastes even better too. Hummus was perfect, falafel amazingly cooked. Bf really enjoyed chicken. He had a lot as well and he really liked the flavor. The Baklava was heavenly. Perfectly combined. Sweet and filling. I left with a lot of leftovers. We will definitely be back when craving falafel. And hummus. Their hummus is amazing!!"}, {"review_id": "69f9mNMTYZeeBBNZ3BKdaA", "user_id": "pf-i6c988hRGnqJHxXJFig", "rating": 4.0, "date": "10/10/2017", "text": "Finally made my way to the promised land!  This is the original so to speak.  A new one just opened in the Pizitz Food Hall downtown.  This Hwy 280 location has almost 200 reviews and most of them are positive.  I can see why.Located right off busy Hwy 280, Eli's is tucked away in a small strip mall.  They have seating outside with the interior spaciously decorated with tables and chairs.  The decor is very reminiscent of a World Market with it's large blown up wallpaper of Middle Eastern themes and food.  You que up and place order, get a number, get your drinks and find a seat.  Your food will be brought to you shortly.  We tried a number of different dishes.  The girls enjoyed their Chicken Kabob Plate with large pieces of marinated chicken breasts grilled nicely on a skewer.  Matthew's Chicken Schnitzel plate with basmati rice and couscous with the chicken breaded and fried nicely was also delicious.  Tammy's Beef Kabob plate with skewered marinated beef medallions were grilled a perfect medium to medium rare.  I tried the Combination plate.  Everything on it was good, but my favorite was the falafel!  Those small round crispy brown balls of chickpeas and herbs tasted fantastic.  To me they're like middle eastern hushpuppies!  The Shawarma was not at the top of my list, but I loved the beef kabob.  I wasn't as impressed with the couscous, but the basmati rice was flavorful.  Their side of israeli salad provided a nice fresh alternative with its blend of seasonings and veggies.  Everyone's favorite was their hummus and pita bread.  I've never seen pita bread served in such large portions.  They were also fresh, warm, thick and soft.  That bowl of hummus was gone in a few minutes.The staff here is very friendly and go out of their way to make you feel comfortable.  I will return to get more pita and falafels."}, {"review_id": "5MU-4L6W8jpvFuW5fmIy4Q", "user_id": "FChAOenqRkGTxQ5w-9HrQQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/14/2017", "text": "Shalom Aleichem - this is one of the sayings I remember from the Hebrew class I took years ago. It means peace be upon you. As I sit here at Eli's after my meal, I feel that all is good with the world.  Eli's Jerusalem Grill has been on my list for some time, and I'm excited that I have finally had the experience. My wife and I came with three other couples. Here are our observations:First and most importantly, the food was fresh and delicious. At our table, there was chicken shawarma, beef/lamb shawarma, falafel, chicken kabobs, and beef kabobs, and hummus. As others have stated, the falafel was probably the best I've ever had. The chicken was seasoned very well, the beef and lamb was fantastic, the hummus was smooth, but the one thing I fell in love with was the pita bread. Wow! If you serve good food, then your restaurant will more than likely stay in business for a long time. I fully expect Eli's to be a Birmingham staple for generations. Next, the service was exceptional. It's counter service and there is a drink machine, but we had staff frequent our table checking in and offering their help.  We all noticed their friendly and courteous employees. Lastly, seating is adequate and the environment is friendly for families with children. The decor had an Israeli feel and everything was clean...even the restrooms. We will be back. Hope to see you there."}, {"review_id": "2sHlm9gdjFj8bBiDvqjjOw", "user_id": "I8P7MrXAqFr7Wy3WnvMDGw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/17/2018", "text": "Excellent place!  I had the Combination plate!  So much food that I couldn't finish it.  Love the 2 sauces!  My friend had the Vegetarian platter and she thoroughly enjoy it!  Staff is very attentive!  Definitely a new favorite!"}, {"review_id": "5Zu2UzDM1aRZoksUgTRjHQ", "user_id": "BXAPM1w5K3uRVYURpbvqaQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/20/2017", "text": "I've been hearing about Eli's from various friends and family members for a few months, so I finally decided to give it a try. I actually ate there twice over the weekend; once at the new location at the Pizitz Food Hall and once at the 280 location. Everything we tried was certainly quality food, but nothing was spectacular. I most enjoyed the hummus and the falafel. We tried the beef/lamb shawarma, chicken shawarma, and kafta on the combination plate, and the vegetarian plate which included an array of options: falafel, hummus, rice and couscous (I got half and half), tabbouleh, red cabbage slaw, and more. Even though two sauces were offered, (tahini and a green jalapeno sauce) I found most of the food to be rather lacking flavor. The rice and couscous are very plain. The falafel was definitely the best I've had in Birmingham! It was very crispy on the outside; great texture! This is a restaurant that I would certainly visit again if a group of friends are going, but I don't think I would make a distinct effort to seek it out."}, {"review_id": "UX_bx6aHtsJE7BiP7hu8Uw", "user_id": "oTAL5rjni7Hgg9kCjHn8Fw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/26/2018", "text": "Outstanding! Had the Shakshuka for lunch and added some shawarma. Absolutely delicious. Will definitely be back soon."}, {"review_id": "DzxxK2Uzfxd6BxkNbeAeRQ", "user_id": "blqCOWpDFRVdKeja4qF0nw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/13/2017", "text": "Second time eating at this place but first time at the 280 location taking my mom here for Mother's Day dinner and let me say WOW! Everything from the food to the service to the dessert was amazing.I ordered the combination plate( sampler of several kinds of of meat along with rice and an Israeli salad. My mom got the garlic chicken with the salad and rice combo. We also got a side of hummus with pita-everything tasted great and was fresh. The pita bread was soft and warm-just the way it should be. The baklava was the best I've had for dessert. Our server was incredibly friendly, and even recommended combining the two special sauces together to go on that meat-I didn't do that last time and honestly wasn't a fan of either sauce....until I did that. It made a difference and was a perfect blend to add even more taste to the meat.  I will definitely be back here many times in the future and overall for a walk up and order place it will surprise you in a very good way. I highly recommend."}, {"review_id": "mYUuhDYeb6OyJq7wBcXskA", "user_id": "gd2bDddpEbl0YHMNvIbDHQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/24/2017", "text": "I cannot believe I haven't been here before but will definitely be going back. I heard lots of good reviews and they were right! Fantastic Middle Eastern food! They have a wide variety of options including kabobs, falafel and hummus. I got the beef/lamb shawarma served with couscous and rice. You can get one side OR half & half like I did. It also comes with a small tomato/cucumber salad. Our meal was served with the most amazing pita bread I have ever tasted. If you go for no other reason, at least go try the bread. You will not be disappointed. They also offer bulk options for catering/take home meals.I loved the decor and the authentic look with walls covered in Middle Eastern scenic photos. The staff was very friendly and helpful, especially when she found out it was our first visit. She seemed excited to share details about menu items and even came out to check on us later to make sure we were pleased. The line moved quickly and our food was served fast. The portion of food was huge! We didn't save room for dessert but plan to next time. Check them out!"}, {"review_id": "FJdXdL0UcayZawpKfJ3BmA", "user_id": "1hUd0XoGMe0nL-b_tfj40g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/10/2018", "text": "This place was delicious!! We happened upon it when we were visiting the music store next door. After reading all the reviews and checking out the Facebook page, we decided to try it out. It was Ah-mazing!!! My husband and I split the Vegetarian sampler and the salad sampler, our son had the chicken shamarah (sp)? Absolute deliciousness!! The cashier/manager checked on us several times and we begged for them to open one in our hometown. I had to try dessert. The bacclava was a little dry, but the kenuffeh (sp)? Was great! It wasn't overly sweet and was full of carrots and pistachios. Wow! We'll definitely be back!!"}, {"review_id": "yGFFJQKTiwukdunXgs86Dw", "user_id": "fQ-MF0NRw677LAZc1TThXw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/31/2017", "text": "I would give 3.5 stars if I could but will round up to 4 stars for the falafel alone! We went last week and ordered the vegetarian plate, lamb chops, lamb gyro sandwich, and baklava. We started with the meals which were all pretty good. I especially liked the falafel and my husband loved the lamb chops. I thought the rest of the plate was OK but the couscous lacked flavor and I felt like there was too much of it on both plates. I wish there was a little more hummus/baba ganoush instead. The sandwich was pretty good but not enough to where I would order it again. The pita bread was amazing! Finally we waited for them to bring out the baklava but they never did so we asked for it and took them a little while to bring it out to us - which was odd considering it was sitting right at the front counter. I was super excited to try the baklava but was severely disappointed at how tasteless and dry it was. Definitely would not recommend it!Overall, pretty good food but wouldn't drive down 280 again just to eat there but would eat there if I was in the area. I had heard so many great things so maybe my expectations were too high."}, {"review_id": "OpmMXexxpWymO30-vr11dA", "user_id": "wwb9X3dcY-zjdDsiKqmvdg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/15/2016", "text": "Possibly the best of its kind in town.  Not sure why it has taken us so long to try out Eli's, but we headed over to try it out two weekends ago.  We ordered the veggie plate, chicken shawarma plate and the kids beef/lamb shawarma plate.  Our nearly 3 year old has been a bit of a picky eater lately but she dug into the julienned beef/lamb like it was her last meal.  I also had a bit and enjoyed the hearty beefy flavor.  While we also enjoyed the homemade fries, she was not a fan for some reason.  More for us!The chicken shawarma was also moist and flavorful, better than the same at other Middle Eastern places in town.  We also enjoyed the cucumber and tomato salad that came with the dish as well as the half order (each) of rice and couscous. The vegetable plate was also fantastic and huge.  It included 6 giant (like golf balls on steroids) hand pattied falafel balls, hummus, baba ganoush, tabouli, tangy pickled slaw, and more rice and couscous. The baba ganoush was very strong which some may not like. The pitas were homemade puffy goodness, plain or stuffed with the meats and falafel.We also really like the bottles of sauces provided which included a slightly spicy jalapeno & possibly cilantro plus a cream based (think thin tzatziki).  Counter service but they were super helpful and kind too.  We will definitely return soon.  Pictures to follow"}, {"review_id": "FCKwsugcOxS7dHo6_EiU3A", "user_id": "6_d_HhciAacx7Ntj1xIFsw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/17/2017", "text": "Eli's should get 6 stars!This location is quaint and unassuming. It's hidden behind Wendy's on 280. The interior is nice and I like the arches inside that give it a bit of the middle eastern architectural flair. As we arrived, I went to the counter and asked for something unique. The last time I went, I ordered the lamb kabobs. Excellent, yes, but I didn't want repeat what I ordered before. I was feeling a bit out of the box and wanted something the staff suggested since I'm not 100% familiar with Israeli cuisine. She told me the Shakshuka was her favorite and asked if I liked hot food. (Shakshuka is an Israeli Tunisian dish consisting of (2) poached eggs in a spicy tomato sauce, chilis, garlic, onions and cumin. This dish had meat under the sauce) I agreed that I did like some heat and she told me to pick a 1-10 number of how hot I could handle. I chose a 3, so Erica M. could taste it and not get burnt. Well, let me say I am glad I went with a 3 instead of my original 7. Boom Shakalaka! It was HOT!Besides the heat (which I very much did like) the flavors were so wonderful on the palette. Cumin is my favorite spice and this dish did not disappoint. The fried eggs added a certain brunch food feel which was nice since we were there for lunch and the overall tomato/meat flavor was excellent but yall... have you had their bread? If you haven't stop what you are doing and go and get you some. It's incredible. I would go so far as to say the best piece of bread I have ever, yes I said ever... put in my mouth. YES.There was a little cucumber salad on the side and endless sweet tea to help cool your mouth as well. All in all, try the kabobs, try the rotisserie meats and branch out and try something new... you won't regret it!"}, {"review_id": "G76M3cS3vhnTUb36ZZGkVw", "user_id": "uCl4qXLiDZC33VF2hl1b0A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/12/2017", "text": "Excellent middle eastern food.  Arrived on a weekday for take out.  Place was very busy and I was in and out in 10 minutes. Had the Chicken Kabob, with GF side of rice and cucumber salad. Side of hummus with veggies and beer salad. Would definitely return.  Great service and food"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/elis-jerusalem-grill-birmingham?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]