[[{"review_id": "vQmRctHf5dkN2pIOaPiqwg", "user_id": "aQfayV9mBJOf77W4EnWo8Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/9/2018", "text": "We had such a nice early dinner at Chez Fonfon tonight. I had been admiring CF from afar (aka Nashville) for ages, and my travels just took me into Birmingham with my son, of all dinner dates. We knew an early repast was necessary, and it was a delight to learn that CF stays open all afternoon. So it wasn't an issue to hop in at an hour only appropriate for \"Linner\" or toddlers. The staff welcomed us kindly (albeit slugglishly - shift change?) and we were seated at a window table in the dining area. A champagne for moi and a glass of milk for the little dude. I ordered steak tartare and a shrimp salad, he had croque monsieur. All delicious. The steak tartare was perfect, but I never feel chopped raw beef and sliced bread photograph well (go figure), but you can gaze lovingly at the shrimp and sandwich and thank me later. Please note; I am giving this five stars. But there was a SERIOUS timing issue in the service department. Despite emphasizing that getting my son's food out right away was the goal, my food came out first. We waited forever between finishing and having our check. It's not a big deal, (see five stars), but I do feel that for a restaurant that welcomes kids (I called in advance to confirm this) and for a space that wasn't slammed, they could have been a bit more \"on it\" in the svc Dept. Otherwise A + for charming decor, great meal, yummy wine list."}, {"review_id": "yYFyMt7xOjIKLHanRU64Xw", "user_id": "laj9QZQbDF42OBV9WtQtWA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/23/2018", "text": "I travel a lot for work, mostly big cities (NYC, Boston, Miami and Los Angeles) and always go by friends recommendations or Yelp. This place was highly recommended by my partner and it didn't disappoint. Ambiance is superb, service is great. Now let's talk about food (Hamburger Fonfon with comté & pommes frites):Fries is crisp to perfection. Grilled onion was a welcome twist. Burger Is beyond words. My partner is right, Birmingham is easily the food mecca of the south..."}, {"review_id": "VC7gMrJ-jisi8EGFjcOWyg", "user_id": "Teky9fPBdjSxsJPTka3cTA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/17/2018", "text": "I came here for lunch with a friend. Nice for lunch! Didn't realize it's still as dressy as it is at night. I asked about vegetarian options, They tell me veggie plate or omelette (gross). I ordered the veggie plate and some kind of martini. I wasn't a fan. I don't usually drink at lunch and I was reminded why lol. Lots of vodka. They brought bread out that wasn't warm and the butter was cold. I looked like one of those memes trying to spread unspreadable butter. It just tore up the bread instead of melting into it. The veggies were great. The mushrooms were up my alley-next time I'll just order those. Everything was delicious! I had cold veggies together and hot ones. I ate everything. I will definitely be back!"}, {"review_id": "u-kqdnLUQp42J0y33hVy5A", "user_id": "UUwJEN22I21m3eJaGZ5FHw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/14/2018", "text": "Chef FonFon is a great restaurant and a gem find in Birmingham. The food was very French meaning that  the flavor and portions were served as expected. The ambiance was busy but it still had its romantic features like candlelight on each table, superior wine selections and personable service. There will always be an open opportunity for me to visit this place. It's authentic. As you may imagine there were some items that I did not see on the menu like Coq Au Vin but maybe it's the seasonal menu that we were presented with and it was omitted for that reason.  Either way this place rocks. It was huge so you can expect to bring big parties and be seated and served comfortably."}, {"review_id": "I-jw672l360c3M9HKK3ofQ", "user_id": "qWdIAuAF0s0Xxynaj03YVg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "Went here a few days ago for my birthday, and it was amazing! Service was very good and the food did not disappoint. I will definitely be coming back here."}, {"review_id": "iCqE7s2lXmjj_YBysaDlwA", "user_id": "ke4a3a91iUcYvEjP-vMc3g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "The waitstaff is incredibly friendly and the food is great! I recommend looking at the menu before you go and look up how to say the many French words on there to avoid embarrassment about mispronounced words lol"}, {"review_id": "CHAa1wd0RnWIRLp-ZPyjRA", "user_id": "EHkOfvfgot8tm0agVd5sFw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "6/28/2017", "text": "I've read for years how this is the home of the absolute best burger in Birmingham. Today I finally had the opportunity to see for myself.A coworker and I arrived around 1:00. We were seated immediately. The dining area is far smaller than I expected based on the exterior of the building.It appeared clean and was nicely decorated. The tables and chairs are tiny.The server came over after 10 minutes or so.... seemed a bit long without at least saying hello... considering they weren't particularly busy.We ordered shortly thereafter. Our server wasn't very friendly or welcoming seemed agitated or bothered. We received refills and such in a timely manner and service was pretty good... maybe she was having a bad day or thought less of me when I asked questions about the menu.My coworker ordered  the salmon.I ordered the legendary burger.Side note: Techno / electronic music was blaring over the speakers. It was hard to hold a conversation. I'm not one to complain about the music but it seemed way out of place in this establishment. Our food arrived in an acceptable time frame. The legendary burger:appearance awesome! Looked great!The bun was fresh, light with a nice chew and it held up to a thick juicy burger well.Preparation- ordered medium, received well done. Was surprisingly still juicy despite it being considerably over done. Accoutrement- grilled red onion slice (nice), picked onion, pickles, tomato, lettuce, ramekin of ketchup and Dijon Mayo /mustard concoction which was very good.The pickles- they served sweet pickle slices with a burger.  My 2nd or 3rd bite in a got pickle and was very surprised, not in a good way.The burger was pretty good despite the pickle debacle and the cook severely missing the mark on temp. Good flavor good quality meat. Was it the best burger I've had and was it worth $16.50. Umm no not in my book. I can think of several spots in Bham for a good burger at a fraction of the cost.The fries were super thin, crisp, salty and delicious! I loved the fries!The salmon dish my co-worker had was a petite portion atop what appeared to be a corn goulash. He had a tomato/cucumber salad as a side.He was underwhelmed with his $20.00 plus lunch. Not my typical lunch destination.Generally, I would reserve this type place for a date night. I'm glad I tried it. I'm not entirely opposed to going back."}, {"review_id": "bwzB1MlzVa9hi-kFwQgWgQ", "user_id": "7yx5BFqWYtJLKAcDA3JX9g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/1/2018", "text": "Our favorite restaurant in Birmingham. Hear the specials before deciding. They always have a fish or seafood dish, and I love the cauliflower and beet soups and vichyssoise. We often get the tartine as an appetizer, they rotate the choices, but a favorite was one with marinated crab. My husband likes the steak with Brabant potatoes and a Fonfon salad. For dessert we get the coconut pecan cake, caramel nut tart, or lemon meringue tart."}, {"review_id": "JoJMJpw2idgdjfZawkPlXw", "user_id": "PmycH5CBSXfLuzNfvYzt2A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "6/6/2017", "text": "My, my!  I have only been once, but my experience was one I will relish way after the Visa bill hits the mailbox.They will not take reservations and as a single diner I was delighted to sit very comfortably at the bar and have the choice from the full menu.  Personally I often prefer to sit at the bar.  It is an excellent way to observe how the establishment is run and often your bartender is a better source of information.I adore the choices and also the portion size.  Do not miss the pate. It is right up there with the best ever. No, I did not go for the burger that is so highly rated.  Instead I pigged out on escargot and Vichyssoise.  What a great combination! (Probably my scales would disagree).The service was efficient and warm. My experience with dining alone usually goes way low or rock-star high.  Here I was a rock star and so was every bite and sip. I saw lots of entrees pass by and fish will be eaten on my next visit. My visit was delightful. I never felt hurried and truly enjoyed the experience from beginning to end.  Fonfon will definitely be on my agenda the next time I am in Birmingham."}, {"review_id": "LdxPjaJ-J39FDjDuDPMsEA", "user_id": "7DgBgOUnt5Q3MDbDaI5H8A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/20/2016", "text": "Excellent food and service, as always. We sat at the bar for lunch. The trout was delicious, as always. I enjoyed their famous coconut cake for dessert. So good! I previously posted pics of the cake, but will re-post here!  Also, the burger here is THE BEST burger you will ever have. It just is. If you're visiting from out of town, do not hesitate to visit this fine dining establishment. The floor plan is pretty cozy, so I would not recommend for a large group. But definitely put this place on your must-try list!"}, {"review_id": "-yFhRyHoNDqEqHI116n8Lw", "user_id": "oEqB6qGiV2K3q8g2A8rfYA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/4/2017", "text": "I have two co-workers who absolutely adore this place and will come to Chez Fonfon every time they travel to Birmingham for work, so I decided to try it out for myself. Man, it did not disappoint. The service may not have been the warmest, but it was efficient. The appetizers we had were all delicious, with extra props going to the beet appetizer because it's not my favorite food and yet they managed to make it one of the tastiest appetizers I've had in recent memory. I had the mussels and frites and it was just so good - the broth super delicious and flavorful. Based on other Yelp reviews, we also ordered the opera cake and coconut cake. Opera cake was decent but the coconut cake, true to prior reviews, is PHENOMENAL. If you don't like coconut flakes, don't order it, otherwise, go to town - cake is succulent, dense, and ripe for sharing with friends. Just don't fight over the last bite."}, {"review_id": "PDWWNSzoWVWPnm5-YZCGZg", "user_id": "IcYeNU8t4wrK1FRCO6ZzZg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/1/2018", "text": "This restaurant is one of my favorites in Birmingham, lunch is my favorite time to visit. The burger is amazing one of favorite dishes in birmingham. The coconut cake is absolutely my favorite dessert in birmingham, maybe ever. Today I had the striped sea bass with a potato broth based soup and it was delicious . I'll be back soon."}, {"review_id": "xVb_JZZRX3SskxKoJ2yqyA", "user_id": "VpjFgVn_Mtb6p08Ygbobtg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/15/2017", "text": "I mean who doesnt live in the city and want I try and amazing burger right? This place has one of the best burgers in the city. The omelette is also a delight as well. Food and service are very authentic and unique. I see why this place gets voted one of the best restaurants Year in and out. If you want a quality burger here in. Birmingham and don't mind the price come here"}, {"review_id": "2v-KzftxTpojpTDDRt7KtQ", "user_id": "BgCrUUHmkLOi1mHH3FIGAw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/30/2017", "text": "Stopped by for lunch on a busy weekday and had a great experience. The decor reminded me of a typical downtown French cafe. It was full but we quickly found a spot at the bar. Service was prompt and I tried the infamous Burger. It was as advertised! Just the type of gourmet restaurant burger you crave after a few too many trips to McDonald's or the BK lounge. The fries and aioli were also excellent.About halfway through our meal they asked us to move one chair down to accommodate another party that wanted to sit at the bar. No problem. We didn't realize it until later but our \"reward\" for our trouble was a free drink each. Awesome.I'd love to go back on a evening with the wife to try their more traditional offerings. Looking forward to it."}, {"review_id": "CAqERlMX0fvX8YnBlYgOYQ", "user_id": "8DIaWV3bvbUyLRGIWBydQA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/10/2018", "text": "Hands down, Chez Fonfon has the best burger around!Ever since I moved to Birmingham three years ago, I've wanted to try Chez Fonfon but never had the chance. Every time I would go, there would be an outrageous wait time and we would be too hungry to wait. Then someone suggested that I check out their Google Business Listing to see what the average wait times were on certain days. We decided to go to dinner on a Wednesday because it said that it was one of their slowest times, and I was happy to find that was true. We were seated almost immediately on the back patio. I never knew that they had an outdoor space and the ambiance out there was just so magical! It was a lovely backdrop to our great dining experience. The waiter was courteous and kept our glasses full on smiles on our faces. And the food, THE FOOD. My burger was cooked to a perfect medium rare with charred onions, ketchup, and greens which was accompanied by fries. There's something to be said about fresh, locally sourced ingredients put in the hands of people that really respect them. With great technique and thought, Chez Fonfon provided me with one of the best dining experiences I've ever had."}, {"review_id": "lI7hsHoSJYgMvcjNajJXXg", "user_id": "dtsCHzkadQTN8lhgS9bsPg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/18/2017", "text": "Really good! Would like to try it for lunch, as I think it would be even better for that.We went for dinner and when we arrived, it was relatively quiet. This wasn't surprising as it was a Tuesday evening. But, after we'd been there for about 30 minutes, it got pretty busy and energetic in there! We were surprised. Beautiful place at night with candle light and a warm feel. I really enjoyed the fact that they allowed you to get a wine flight. First time we've encountered that since living here. The beef tartare was really great. I loved the way that the prepared it, unique and delicious. Our meals were also quite good, but most of the selections looked more lunch worthy. Our waitress was pretty average. Wasn't very helpful with her suggestions, but nice."}, {"review_id": "SwRdJn56mO3p_Kuwsv9X0A", "user_id": "HilUyLxQdgufyfnaC6dKfQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/6/2018", "text": "A must try in Birmingham! The restaurant is very elegant, serves good-delicious food and waiters are very attentive of costumer's preferences."}, {"review_id": "_GNgLVtV3DOOtJMfCatbPw", "user_id": "eV3ua9EgRrdX-OFlP8Bdzw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/28/2016", "text": "Guess I never wrote of review on Fon Fon and who really needs to at this point.  From the ambiance of a perfect French bistro to the great service and spot on French bistro food, you can transport yourself to Paris just by walking in and spending an evening.Last night was a crazy busy one.  We went at 8:30 and the place was packed.  Told an hour or more wait.  But we were lucky to grab two seats at the bar and we were set for the night.  (Yes they will serve you a full course meal at the bar.). We started with great whisky drinks which were sort of a play on a bramble.  The bartender who's name I didn't get but it was a woman with the greatest smile and even though the bar was jamming she was on top of our service which was efficient and nothing was too much to ask.Bottom line I came for the burger!  Take this to the bank...THIS IS THE BEST BURGER IN THE CITY!!!  Great meat, cooked perfectly, great bun that is soft but holds its substance, and then a grilled purple onion which adds the perfect smoky sweetness.  Top it with some perfectly crispy Pom frites (fries) and you got the perfect burger and fries.  I was in eating heaven and savored every bite.  Understand everything here is made really well and executed to perfection, but if you are in the burger mood, run don't walk to Fon Fon.  And jump into the craziness."}, {"review_id": "l5jycNW3u1aSRs9-vGaKWA", "user_id": "qajfJMeIpufGrNwuN50pCw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/5/2018", "text": "Wonderful experience start to finish. Free valet but clearly you should tip, warm welcome at the front and although I was only one person they truly didn't mind me taking a table, water served immediately along with a welcome from my server. Server was great! Food was great--steak tartar is on point. Did a wine flight that server picked out based on my food. Finished with the lemon curd which was delish and a quick get of my car from valet. I'd be back!"}, {"review_id": "9Ssf0iTJh6VkOYkczCvGDw", "user_id": "K3ueyY5uI6aK-Y1IbwMkpQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/27/2018", "text": "Love the feel of the place.  I travel to Birmingham for work from San Diego and am always on the look out for new places to eat.  I arrived at 6:15 and had trouble getting a spot at the bar.  Finally got a seat.  Wine list is really nice, lots of by the glass options.  Asked for a recommendation between the moules or the boeuf bourguignon.  The person next to me recommended the mussels, the bartender recommended the beef.  I ordered the beef and unfortunately, while the flavor of the beef was very good, the meat wasn't.  They promptly replaced the dish, just wished it had been good the first time."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/chez-fonfon-birmingham?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]