[[{"review_id": "7gVwcN1GsSbT2bZEYnKCKQ", "user_id": "hKKdPLddlbcYF5OIKEZSUA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/3/2018", "text": "Dauphin's, formally the Bienville Club is the place to eat for dinner with a view. Dauphin's is located 34 floors above the city and offers patrons a panoramic view of the city and the bay! We were recently in for a. Easter brunch and I have to say, I was pleasantly surprised and very pleased with how everything went.We were seated promptly at a comfortable table and began to peruse the menu. We ordered cocktails a mimosa and old fashioned. The old fashioned was very good and the mimosa she seemed to enjoy! Our waiter took the appetizer orders for our party of four, beignets, pork belly, crawfish and crab cakes, and ahi poke tuna! The crawfish and crab cakes were delightful! Full of crab and crawfish with a slight crunch to the cake and very flavorful. The pork belly and the beignets didn't disappoint either, all had great flavor and were perfectly cooked. Next I had to try one of the 100 things to eat before you die and gave the Zherb Gumbo a shot, man it was absolutely one of the best soup I've ever eaten. Ham hocks, conecuh sausage and broth with rice, collards and turnips... it's the entire south in a soup! For an entree I had the 3 eggs and 3 sides, tried some crispy cooked conecuh bacon, stone ground Gouda grits, scrambled eggs, and some rosemary potatoes, all we stupendous. She had the fish tacos which she said were very good, and the rest had the delta omelet which was massive and delicious and the pecan encrusted sheepshead which he really enjoyed!  For dessert we piled in some Creme Brûlée and some bread pudding with vanilla ice cream! In now see why the chef has won the cajun cook off two years in a row! Check out Dauphin's you definitely will not be disappointed!"}, {"review_id": "4ZQQcRrnmo9vn5cKnvVoVw", "user_id": "SJEgII7oL3fL-adohgriXA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/1/2018", "text": "After visiting Dauphin's for lunches and numerous happy hours, my family and I decided to try Dauphin's for Sunday brunch to celebrate Easter and a birthday. Having only tried their lunch menu until today, their Sunday brunch was probably my most favorite menu. Their $5 mimosas are delicious and their homemade bloody mary is a must try!I started the meal by ordering the poke tuna for the table. It was served on a bed of jasmine rice and cucumbers. The tuna was fresh, flavorful, and amazing! Even the picky eaters at the table tried it and loved it.  We also had bites of the crawfish crab cake, pork belly, and beignets.  We had two really great servers (I would give a shout out, but I'm terrible at remembering names) that really made the meal enjoyable with small talk and jokes. We ended the meal with creme brûlée, which is consistently amazing on every visit! I was very impressed with their brunch today, which made me think I should try their dinner menu in the near future."}, {"review_id": "Fp5z36gBSnjYFHZsWp1-tA", "user_id": "wTfb2nfzPIyFcYQArdPtuQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/31/2018", "text": "I've been struggling with giving this restaurant the deserved 3 Stars for our experience and have been trying to find any reason to eek out another star or two, mostly just to justify dressing up and the price, but I'm just going to be honest; our visit was disappointing.DAUPHIN'S - THE HYPEDramatic view meets distinctive dining at Dauphin's. The menu spans every flavor of French Creole, but it's the panorama spanning Mobile Bay that first wows you on arrival to the 34th floor of the Trustmark Building. Overlooking Mobile's downtown revival just blocks away from the canopy of oaks gracing historic homes that are the Port City's hallmark - Dauphin's combines appreciation of Mobile's past with all the energy of her current renaissance.Dauphin's encompasses 7000 square feet of the region's most remarkable restaurant space. Known since the late 1960's as the Bienville Club, the space now has a \"comfortably sophisticated\" hip look. Custom work from local artists join brilliant Italian glassware by a magnificent baby grand in the piano bar surrounded by shades of blues that mirror the waterfront view.Perhaps the best view in the house is found in the kitchen, home to the area's first and only chef's table. Enjoy a sunset over the skyline while chatting with Executive Chef and Sommelier Steve Zucker about your dinner selection or wine of choice for the night.The name Dauphin's is a playful twist on the history of owner Bob Baumhower and Mobile too: the \"dauphin\" was the title of the French crown prince when that country founded the Port City in 1702. And football, with the Miami Dolphins, consumed the first chapter of Baumhower's career before turning foodie with a 13-restaurant family known as Aloha Hospitality.The menu celebrates classic coastal cuisine with hints of Caribbean and Creole soul. Love local? Their commitment is a zealous pursuit of local products and food across the state. They've carefully selected cheese from Elberta and Elkmont, produce from area farmers, fresh fish and shrimp from the Gulf and gourmet oysters from Mobile Bay. Bar Chef Rachel Ferrand continues the commitment to local with infused honey and mint from Dauphin's rooftop greenhouse in her classic and craft cocktails. The Dauphin's team combines world-class culinary and hospitality credentials from Hawaii to Las Vegas and the most respected dining destinations of Chicago and New Orleans.  Longtime Aloha Executive Chef/Partner Steve Zucker has a culinary resume with roots in New Orleans before earning his Bachelors in Culinary Arts at Johnson & Wales in Providence, Rhode Island. Zucker was named \"One of the Top Ten Chefs to Watch\" by Esquire Magazine and nominated as Chef of the Year for Alabama. He was invited to cook at the prestigious James Beard House and has appeared on The Food Network.DAUPHIN'S - OUR EXPERIENCELast year, we spent the week in DC at some of the world's finest. We've both individually been to over 40 countries and eaten all over the world. I say that, mostly to establish our knowledge and what I'm about to say next: THIS DINNER WASN'T WORTH THE MONEY AND DIDN'T LIVE UP TO THE HYPE.We arrived a tad late due to some Uber and traffic issue. Dressed for a million dollar experience, we headed up to the top floor.The initial impression was promising. The \"waiting lounge\" is impressive. White leather sofa seating that overlooks Mobile. Why they have people wait BEFORE being seated is a mystery, but it was cute.But then it got annoying. Ok, why are we waiting in this seating area again? There wasn't a cocktail waitress or any real purpose for the wait. We were seated at a lovely table, and again, things seemed promising.The servers were well trained on fine dining, but not skilled on timing. They spent most of their time on setting the various tables and ACTING the part, more than DOING the part. Being a service oriented fine dining server is a skill that rarely exists anymore. And believe me, when you're expecting a FINE DINING EXPERIENCE, and you're paying these prices, you don't just want a chick to plop a meal on your table.More disappointing was the food. The oysters were ok, but not impressive. My lobster was overcooked and served with dead sprouts on top, and some pasty rice dish, even though the menu said it was served with mashed potatoes. I brought it to their attention, and all that was said was, \"oh sorry, ran out.\" My crème brulée was a pound of tasteless crème and not much brulée. The environment was pretty, but some people, including the staff were dressed in casual track gear.And the music? Thumbs way down. We actually wished we were rich enough to pay them to stop playing.The whole experience was like a poorly acted play, with not enough substance.I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt that this was a one off, but I wouldn't rush back.Dauphin's promises excellence and thus should deliver: Which they didn't. 3/5 RECOMMEND"}, {"review_id": "1o7tWe1NudvoO5le1VstHw", "user_id": "9_lcpqJ53tPpo614CD1oRw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/15/2018", "text": "I had a fantastic lunch here with my husband and my mother in law. The restaurant is beautiful- the city views are awesome. Our waiter, Jimmathy, was great. Funny and friendly, attentive but not overly so. There is a lot of choice on the lunch menu. We shared a spinach salad to start- it had goat cheese, strawberries, pecans and balsamic- and it was delicious. For our meal, my mother in law had the drum which she said was delicious. My husband had the lunch deal with Cuban bbq pork, BlackBeans and corn. He enjoyed it, but said the sauce was a bit strong. I had the rooster sandwich- chicken, cheese and bacon- it was messy to eat but  very flavorful. I had plantain chips on the side. For dessert we shared the key lime pie and the flourless chocolate cake. The pie was tasty but super sweet. The chocolate cake was divine. I highly recommend!"}, {"review_id": "WMk153hx_OwFlRm5TiEn6w", "user_id": "2dBbeHiPBzPZa1X2Wk-EZg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/11/2018", "text": "Dauphin's is located on the 34th floor of the trustmark bank building in downtown Mobile. The view is amazing. What a great way to enjoy a meal by overlooking Mobile. The menu has options that everyone could enjoy. Dauphin's brunch is by far my favorite menu of theirs. This visit I enjoyed the 3 eggs & 3 sides dish which was delicious. The $5 mimosas are also a grand slam. On Sundays there is also a live saxophonist playing great hits. I can't get enough."}, {"review_id": "LFvT9E9PTxax8n79lgErDA", "user_id": "-M4XQbj7xbwoNhU-jdfEsQ", "rating": 2.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "Great food great views, horrible service as we are waiting 2 hours from when we ordered our entree.  The photo is of a cowboy ribeye medium"}, {"review_id": "25f7F_5eBBAwfhNliSjGtw", "user_id": "pgX08NtvjAYFIXU8nncHCw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/13/2017", "text": "Amazing food.  Everything we have ever tried there is great.  Of course, the prices are high, but not as high as I would have thought, based on the word on the street.  You can eat there (at lunch) for just a little more than anywhere else, and it is definitely worth it.Of course the view is just incredible.  The service has always been spot-on.  Definitely a stop that needs to be made in Downtown."}, {"review_id": "5DG5aZPYQXhH6ygF0tIPfA", "user_id": "NTev0eZnBSCB5adHrObuzQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/2/2018", "text": "It was a nice place to stop and had my dinner on my way home to Mississippi. Parking on the street. Wish they have valet parking. Reservation required for main dining room. So, I end up dining at the bar. The view of the city was ok from the bar area. The waitress at the bar was friendly and fast in service. The menu was great. Price was $$$. The western Indian salad was refreshing. The crab and crawfish cake were tasty. The rack of lamb was great due to the seasoning and the way it was grilled. Above average noise ( bar area). Enjoyed the quick dinner."}, {"review_id": "9_m0E0CZjz67e2mzXol_DA", "user_id": "J237RaoLNGlznbzyWz_r-A", "rating": 3.0, "date": "1/8/2018", "text": "Pros: service (waitress Stephanie I believe?) was awesome and the view is amazing.Cons: food. It was meh. I got the fish of the day plate with the squash and coconut rice and beans. The squash was really good, but I didn't detect any coconut flavor in the other side dish and it just kind of tasted like a Uncle Ben's black beans and rice side dish. My fish was slightly overdone and the cornbread that came out before the meal was dry and cold. For such a nice place, I was definitely expecting much much more. If I have been here for dinner with those prices, I would have actually been pretty upset. But since I was paying lunch prices, which are pretty reasonable at $15 including tax for a full plate come on I'll start it up really good experience and service interview."}, {"review_id": "hpnnUiwBQvv03evVTArljg", "user_id": "DW-YWhRcMlWIw-kTlYu5Lg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Our server Brian was awesome. The food was absolutely delicious. The view was amazing."}, {"review_id": "EBICbPUMCK8DxMJhoW_DOQ", "user_id": "6MzE12HMoqCe3I97tvMD2w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/13/2018", "text": "Was the first seated and was the 4th to be served food. Besides that lunch here was great. Its business casual since its downtown but recommended for the view alone!"}, {"review_id": "rfRbi77KlI1OiIJptqgy9A", "user_id": "3VkSEWX8z8_soBZ5xZulMQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "I went here with a couple of people on a business trip. I am so glad I found this place because the food and service were outstanding not to mention the gorgeous view"}, {"review_id": "2TjV-zXTmr9YZs_j1lvDZA", "user_id": "ejXVg0xN43gT2PiiNv7vmw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/13/2017", "text": "This review is for brunch. You dine here for the view, though the service is exceptional and the food is known to be some of the best in Mobile. VIEW: there isn't a bad seat in the house! Even on an over cast day the view was beautiful. Also the décor is nice, especially in the bar area. PRO TIP - out of one of the windows you can see the navy ships when they're docked.  FOOD: everything was very good, though you can spend more money than you realize until you're presented the bill. Everyone ordered something different, and everyone enjoyed their meal. The entrees are a good enough size that most people had something left over if they ordered a soup or appetizer to start. The food is good, but I was still surprised by the bill in comparison of the cost. DRINKS: The Bloody Mary bar is a treat. The mimosas and poinsettias are cheap, but not super worth it. I don't know if it was the juice used, or the champagne chosen; they just weren't for me. PRO TIP for Tourists - I was unaware of the \"no liquor until after noon\" rule. No wonder the restaurant was practically empty until 11:45; ha! It was a sight to behold at 12:00 though - every table preordered their drinks, and every server was walking out with a tray of drinks before 12:01. SERVICE: in the best way the service is simply what you would expect from this type of high end restaurant. You want for nothing and yet you're not bothered. Checks are split and food requests are meant without an eye roll or attitude. There are people to smile at you from every direction and point you to the restroom. Overall very pleased with the service. PRO TIP for Tourists & Parking - Yes there is free parking in the parking garage, BUT the parking garage is the worst design I've ever seen. Ever. If you're in a large truck, you might want to use the street or other parking options. If you're close enough to walk, skip the parking all together and walk. There's plenty to see in this nice downtown area."}, {"review_id": "wcyf1ciJapL_IXqgQKFHVQ", "user_id": "RqFXHCpnmf1TueSImKJxuw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/11/2017", "text": "Just Fabulous!! Great food, express lunch service and incredible views! Dauphin's has finally worked out its kinks - the new general manager is the type of guy who's hands on and it has become my favorite lunch spot.You'll first start with their cornbread served with whipped butter and one of their special butter creations. The Shrimp Creole with rice was spicy and so tasty but it did make me sweat. Between their fried catfish or fried flounder, I preferred their catfish. The fried shrimp is also very good. Their smothered squash and cheese grits are my two favorite sides.  Yesterday I got to sample the Poke - tuna sashimi seasoned on a bed of sushi rice surrounded by cucumber slices - it was a wonderful treat! Thank you Ms Whitney! We are looking forward to our Christmas party there!"}, {"review_id": "vhLYDoYIlyaabMya3v4hkg", "user_id": "73XkUbzqWn7RnnfDQL0mNg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/15/2018", "text": "You can not beat the view.  Do not pass go.  Do not collect $200.  The dessert was absolutely divine, food exquisite.  This is an experience, one you won't soon forget."}, {"review_id": "OGednqU6sLs_XAkvVGtu2g", "user_id": "PlNxOhtu67EZpsV--IYDXg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/25/2017", "text": "My girlfriend and I were in Mobile this past weekend seeing the family. My parents took us to Dauphins for dinner. This place is definitely one of the good ones!My girlfriend has a gluten intolerance and the chef came out to go over which items were gluten free and also what alterations he could make to other menu items to make them gluten free for her (super nice above and beyond).Appetizer we got the pork belly cubes, soooooo good. Caused the internal debate of 'Do I just ask for 3 more orders of these for entree as well?' vs. 'if the appetizer is this good, the entree has to blow my mind right?'  - The second option won out and I got a steak. As hoped for, amazing. Highly recommend.Great service, great food, and a great view of downtown Mobile. Go here!"}, {"review_id": "a3XvNbLbihqNgvGzBuRpXg", "user_id": "PmycH5CBSXfLuzNfvYzt2A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "8/27/2017", "text": "This was my 1st visit since it was Bienville Club, starting about 47 years ago (ouch).The space/decor was gorgeous, and the view has definitely changed over the decades.  There was a musician (brunch) who played lovely music without being too loud. The service was absolutely perfect, except for our meals coming out at different times.Our table of four shared the oysters as an appetizer.  Delish!  All of us enjoyed our meals.  It was difficult for me to find something that was diabetic-friendly on the menu.  The chef substituted my potatoes and grits for char-grilled Brussels.   They rocked!  I had a seafood omelet and it was great. The biscuits (a huge no-no for me but I did pinch a piece) were about as good as a biscuit can be.My only reason for withholding a star (and that may go up on my next visit) is that, as usual, the portions were way, way too big.  My omelet probably had 4 eggs to compose it and that is a crazy amount of food.  I could have easily shared it with 2 other people.Use the valet parking. There is a Pollman's on the lower level (open weekdays) although I hear Dauphin's cheesecake is not to be missed.  I will come back, but will split a meal or ask chef to downsize me.Looking forward to going back!(BTW the Bloody Mary bar was quite tempting..)."}, {"review_id": "oBK84_48QsmxQ_MBkbHTtw", "user_id": "mwv2_F1I_68Plob5saiDeg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/1/2018", "text": "My family and I enjoyed Easter Brunch and a family Birthday celebration today.  First they bring you warm, delicious biscuits with a strawberry and coconut butter, I then ordered Beignets , others ordered the Crawfish Crabmeat cakes , Cane Syrup glazed pork belly , and Ahi Poke Tuna.  I normally don't try anything new but the Ahi Poke Tuna was a melt in your mouth good and with a little kick.  There was enough of each appetizer to share with our party . I then had the soup of the day which was shrimp and corn chowder and all I can say is I want more !  It was delicious !  My entree was the Delta Omelette with shrimp and crabmeat  , potatoes and stone ground grits .  It was so much food on the plate I couldn't begin to finish it so I brought it home but seeing as it was a celebration we had to have dessert!  They have a creme brûlée that melts in your mouth !  We also ordered a bread pudding with warm sauce with a side scoop of vanilla ice cream.  Once again we shared and my spoon couldn't decide which one to taste first.  All in all we had a wonderful meal , the wait staff was very attentive and of course the atmosphere is great and up on the 34th floor there isn't a bad seat in the restaurant."}, {"review_id": "bS_WLPRZjTbrnJTWGJWqhg", "user_id": "utUE4f2cHFIpb6J8pdosNA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "9/11/2017", "text": "We came here for brunch on Sunday morning. The service was phenomenal and our server, Jasmine, was excellent - her cheerful attitude and friendliness really enhanced what would have been an otherwise mediocre experience. Dauphins is located on the 34th floor of the building. The set of elevators to go up were a little bit confusing to find walking in downstairs - we had to ask someone in one of the shops next door. Once we got upstairs, we were very impressed by the sweeping panoramic views of Mobile Bay and the white tablecloth upscale dining setting. Most people here were dressed smart casual. Aside from the great service and beautiful views, the food here (in our opinion) was mediocre. Perhaps it's because we're not from The South and aren't used to the style of cooking, but it seemed like the majority of our food had an unnecessary amount of oil, salt or sugar - even compared to other southern meals we've tried in Mobile. We ordered the beignets, friend green tomatoes with shrimp, fried crab claws, and the pecan crusted fish and grits which came with potatoes and an egg. Unfortunately, the food just didn't impress us like the rest of the restaurant did, and it fell short of our hopes for a delicious southern brunch.The egg had a funky taste to it, the potatoes were literally so drenched in oil they we inedible, and the fried green tomatoes tasted like they had been reheated or something. The beignets reminded us of carnival food - and also didn't taste freshly made. The pecan crusted fish and the grits were the only real winners out of everything we ordered. They also didn't have espresso or cappuccinos - just black coffee. Which in my opinion, an espresso machine should be a must-have for any restaurant trying to convey an \"upscale\" vibe. We ordered drinks which were good, and we would come back to enjoy cocktails with a nice view and for the friendly service."}, {"review_id": "DpAAl1QVJR8Ha0z_Y5vnSA", "user_id": "YQbWylLMLWpWJJeB6wLncQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/6/2018", "text": "Wow! What a fun atmosphere for a restaurant. The view alone would be worth the trip, but the drinks and food are also out of this world. We happened upon Dauphin's on a visit to Mobile. Our waiter at another restaurant suggested it to us. We arrived to a beautiful waiting area with music, drinks and plenty of seating. The drinks were very well made. The dinner was also excellent. We enjoyed the many options the menu had to offer and finished with the flour-less chocolate cake. The experience was exquisite from start to finish."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/dauphins-mobile-2?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]