[[{"review_id": "o0eJPaIivoIFKnwsZVWAsg", "user_id": "96xJMiVoRq907laZBKiXXw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Holy Hashbrowns!!  This is a great American breakfast diner with great food.  Their benedicts and omelettes are delicious and the menu has the typical Alaskan local touch, with items like reindeer sausage and salmon cakes.Super friendly staff!Don't be surprised if you have a wait to sit down, but that's homage to why this place is worth it.  Don't wanna wait?  Then the breakfast bar is first come, first serve.  I love that the coffee keeps flowing throughout your meal.  You can even take a cup to go after you're done!"}, {"review_id": "2tOoPibs80CC7fg1hKC4aA", "user_id": "3l9jP4VM4aloGynDROMaFA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "I had heard a lot about this place and what good food they served. Well, good is not accurate, they have great, flavorful  food! My friend had eggs Benedict with spinach, Canadian bacon and tomato. Hash browns we perfect, lots of potato flavor, crispy outside soft on the inside, not greasy. Coffee was just okay.I had the Pancake of the month which was lemon and ricotta. The lemon zest was just right, not overwhelming and the ricotta made the pancake moist. I'd have these again and again if I lived here!Nice atmosphere. They do take online reservations for parties of 6 or more. Snow City Cafe is one of the best places in Anchorage and not to be missed!"}, {"review_id": "Rvprz5l16kbVDLWmrPRSyA", "user_id": "zf7SUL2ZVKHSAikwb0TQdA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "This is one of the best breakfast/brunch places I have ever been to. We ordered a bunch of dishes and everything was good. That is very very rare. I will summarize the items we ordered and what my friends said about each one :1. salmon cakes - egg Benedict and the hash browns : amazing.2. Fried egg sandwich : awesome 3. Breakfast burrito : awesome4. Grilled veg panini : awesome 5. Chicken sliders : awesome6. Huevos ranchero : ok. Maybe it's a California thing but my friend did not particularly care for the rice that came with it. They do get super busy so reserve a table if you know what time you plan to eat brunch."}, {"review_id": "1AOHDxSAMndVKe4chpQBeA", "user_id": "JR6wEvVHxvl9rE3_Vuo7cg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "This is my #1 favorite breakfast/brunch spot in all of Alaska. It's tough to beat. My husband and I spent a weekend in Anchorage for our 2nd anniversary. We spent a few mornings sitting in wait just to get a table. The longest was about 45mins. (Worth it!) they offered coffee mugs for your to drink your coffee while you waited for your table, and they have a counter where you can order specialty coffee drinks to stay or go. I was pregnant with my second son at the the time and craving French toast. The order came with eggs and I picked reindeer sausage as a side. Because duh. SO GOOD. This was all I ordered when we came here those couple of times. Highly recommend it!"}, {"review_id": "3T44b-DtQ0M1oQE_tQDxZA", "user_id": "GGRosykAneM9fQLvvNrwZw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "So we went because Obama went... truth be told... but the coffee was awesome, food amazing, great merchandise, and a good price. We had the eggs and reindeer sausage. Yum! Don't miss the opportunity! Oh! And make a reservation. They are famous after all!"}, {"review_id": "mKqDn5BGzhdsCk3_Ur24qw", "user_id": "leqDnaCCGZooEPi9iZbkjw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/30/2018", "text": "Not a huge fan of Snow City but you have to take into account we're in Anchorage and the food options are lacking. Everyone is super friendly here and we went on a day that was not packed which is awesome.I keep trying to find delicious places when I come to anchorage but there is a serious lack of great places to eat, and that's okay. My suggestion: make meals at home or wherever your vacation rental is. Spending large amounts of money trying to find good food, even based on Yelp is tough. I applaud those that do well in Anchorage though. Can't be easy! There is absolutely nothing wrong with Snow City, just not for me. :)"}, {"review_id": "3Isl25cLGxekpFZVP9RZbg", "user_id": "sAAowvhLsGrLyCwAGKMrEw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "Love, love, LOVE!!! Snow City Cafe! It's one of my favourite places, and we hadn't been by for some time. I love to go in Summer when it's sunny, as there's lots of windows, and it's bright and happy, and cheery. Lots of artwork for sale, and it's just a well-designed, long and airy space. Everybody always seems very happy here. And i always like to say, \"if it's good enough for Obama, it's good enough for me\"We were going to Eastern European Deli, i had a hankering for their Black Forest ham sandwich, we get there, she says no food on Saturdays. Really, I am going to have to veto them, because three disappointments = 3 strikes, you're out. Every time I go, they're either not serving food, or the kitchen has closed. So hub says Snow City cafe? And i give him the nod (of approval)So, off we trot, and as soon as I enter the door of this establishment, the sunny ambience fills me with a sense of wellbeing. I have NEVER been disappointed here. It was here that i first encountered the decadent, and gnarly Bob Marley Mocha, having watched very closely, someone on a nearby table, be served a glass, with a coffee cup holder around it. And it was mocha colored, and topped with whipped cream. Intrigued, i accosted our server, \"Pray tell, what is that mighty thing that she has in her hand?\" And being told it was a Bob Marley mocha, with banana, coconut, and chocolate syrups, and of course all in a lovely espresso/mocha base, and the whipped cream on top, I immediately desired one for myself. I love the presentation. That coffee cup band, that is normally around your Starbucks cup, fits perfectly on the glasses they use, and denotes to the rest of the world, this is not some average drivel. This mighty elegance of a presentation is a coffee of the highest import. Let it be known! And you can rest assured, it tastes as good as it looks. I am almost sure, they've used half and half, so it's basically a brevia, with additions, making it just purely sinful. Goodness, that was just the coffee. Anyway, let's move on. The day we first went there, was during my obsession with Benedict's, and I had a plain Benedict with hash browns. But i surely do love their hash browns. Potatoes ? Check. Fried? Check. Crispy on the outside? Check. Soft on the inside? Check. Wait! Is there a hint of cheese in this hash brown? I cannot verify this, but I've always believed there was. These hash browns are my favourite thus far, in our Great State, but I'm always willing to listen to suggestions. Then the Benedict. It was good. I have no complaints. The yolk is runny and perfect, and it's golden, sunny, and all's right with the world. I really AM a food addict, I'm pretty certain. Anyway, i digress, because that's not what we had today. Today, i was being dietary mindful, so i even did peruse the salads, and crossed them right off the list. Nope. Not happening. But i didn't have a Bob Marley mocha, so i probably saved a good 500 calories right there. I asked our server about the soup. She killed me right there, dead on the spot, with her words \"African Peanut, and Chicken\" I gasped, and clutched my (imaginary) pearls. \"Wait, what?\" That sounds amazing. Now, if you other Yelp ladies are anything like me, you want to eat your cake and have it too. Basically, i want the soup, and I want hub to have something else that i also like so i can also have that. Luckily, he'll eat anything, so i pick Country Benedict and a bowl of this most attractive-sounding soup, and i tell hub, we'll have half of each. Am I the only one who does this? Surely not. Oh goodness, but that soup! It is my new favourite soup. It was chunks of lean cubed chicken, in a creamy peanut base. And it was damn good. I absolutely adore this soup. It cannot be good for you, if it tastes this good. I ate a little, but i was getting supremely anxious at how fast he was powering through that Country Benedict. I told him to swap at this point, because i didn't think i was going to actually get half of it. So we swap at this point. The country Benedict has a sausage patty instead of bacon, and sausage gravy instead of hollandaise, but that may make it seem as though it's less than. Well it's not, and you can get that idea right out of your head. It's beautiful. Sausages are equally flavourful, and the gravy had lovely chunky bits of sausage in it, atop a perfect biscuit, and the amazing poached egg, which, when cut, erupts with sexy, golden, lava. Eggs are so underrated, but when perfectly cooked, i just adore them. That yolk is a jewel. And the hash browns. Swirling around in the yolk. I made sure to get out my ruler and cut it exactly in half, just in case. I ate a few bites, and took back the soup. I did allow him more of the Benedict, as he is a man, and I was trying to be good, but it was very hard not to snatch the plate back and clear it. So that's how it went. A delightful prinner (pre-dinner) as it was sort of 3.30 when we ate. A definite 5 stars, every time."}, {"review_id": "zFM4n9zkMbLjvY1dZqA9tA", "user_id": "HNkIWjQfYDRMCIbT5BRo-w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "We had breakfast here twice during our visit because the food was so tasty! We ordered a salmon omelet and a reindeer sausage omelet the first time and were thoroughly satisfied. Both omelets were full of veggies and flavor! On the second visit we ordered their pancake of the week, lemon with blueberry and some kind of cheese. Not only were they HUGE and stacked 3 high, they were delicious! Neither of us could finish our plates! Also, the coffee was perfect both times.I highly recommend this little gem!"}, {"review_id": "CNp5jAcMqAzTuRApcQ1EuQ", "user_id": "lNYz33dEk-l7CwTH7YdUhA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/6/2018", "text": "I was just so underwhelmed with my visit here. My boyfriend was excited to return after having been once a few years back on a work trip. It was very busy, so we waited patiently in the overpacked front waiting area. Just a bit too chaotic for me. We both got specialty coffees which were amazing. Just the right amount of coffee and sweetness. I could drink their coffee all day. I wanted to order the burrito, but figured it wouldn't be smart since we'd be shipping in the mall afterwards. So I opted for a classic, pancakes, eggs, and bacon. My bacon was cooked perfectly, and they added just the right amount of cheese to my eggs. (Almost every time I ask for cheese on my eggs, I end up with just way too much cheese.) Those two things I enjoyed. My disappointment was due to my pancake. It came out as one large pancake, the size of the plate to be exact. It had a great color to it, but the texture was just off. Cutting into it was a bit of a chore. The bottom was almost like rubber when I was chewing it, the entire thing. I should've sent it back, but it was so busy that it didn't feel worth it. I just drowned it in more syrup than usual. I love pancakes, so I tend to be critical. With all the rave reviews, I expected more with the simple basics.Maybe them put too much effort into their other dishes that some basic things lack, maybe it was just an off day for pancakes. Either way, I would not wait as long as I did anywhere else for the food that I had.I know we'll be back soon and hopefully I will be able to update my review with a better experience."}, {"review_id": "WSVVZLufr5k1bHHDqQVwtg", "user_id": "g-m2B9fwfzz5MZAEQL2ZXA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/21/2018", "text": "I always make sure to stop by Snow City on the first Friday of each month . They have a good reputation for featuring talented artists many of whom are up and coming which means a real bargain for fine art connoisseurs ! In case you aren't familiar with first Fridays in Anchorage many art galleries feature special showings by local artists . This event takes place between 5:00 and 9:00 pm . Some galleries and establishments offer refreshments and the featured artist is almost always present . Downtown Anchorage is always hopping on the \"First Friday \" of each month ."}, {"review_id": "M-2fkl5Ga7KE7xTWY2fpRA", "user_id": "sHVJBd-q0FZUzPcLDsSqMQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/1/2018", "text": "I just had to carb it out and get the stuffed French toast. Although I'll have to exercise for 2 hours. I think It was worth it! I got the crab cakes on the side. Also delicious. This place is usually slamming busy so I wouldn't go without reservations, unless you want to wait while.  Kid friendly, good for young and old alike. Tourists and locals go here."}, {"review_id": "qmgTjwdidlZtvMpQ5aQ9Mg", "user_id": "BRBcx0e1bD_6TGRhhBckKw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "This is probably one of my favorite places for breakfast in Alaska. The only downfall is the wait time because ofIts popularity. The food is great, especially the hash browns. I strongly recommend grabbing a bite here ifYou're in the area!"}, {"review_id": "ak1DQ2S9oLXkGozGOSqRqQ", "user_id": "5u6QNQmmdyeV8SAIFtNd8Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/11/2017", "text": "Thanks to time change, we got into town fairly early in the morning and by the time we got settled were ready for a hearty meal. Snow City did not disappoint. We were able to go sort of between meal rushes mid-week, so we didn't have to wait, which was great. Everyone seemed to recommend this spot, but they all warned it would be difficult to get into. We each had a sandwich and shared - a Salmon BLT and a Chicken Salad BLT. Both were delicious and unusual and chock full of flavor. I also had a side of tomato soup that was thick and creamy and really, really delicious. It was a perfect first Alaskan meal in a quirky spot filled with locals - what more could you want?"}, {"review_id": "4t3k4OXoyfagj7nAgnEd0Q", "user_id": "nZq_AlFxmcu7qyIi3g3gvg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/25/2018", "text": "Always bustling with activity. Good food in a great atmosphere, I'd be a regular if it wasn't a 59 hr drive from my house. Not the best place to sit and pass time with a paper, but definitely just right for grabbing a bit with friends or family."}, {"review_id": "CJ-mOrYyy2ydPYKJ7_vc4Q", "user_id": "hxCAVwUajMMdg3sPF5wjsg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/6/2017", "text": "Adventures in Alaska (Cruise Tour with Princess Cruises)Note: This review is over a month overdue If anyone knows me, I LOVE BREAKFAST. When we arrived in Anchorage from Talkeetna, our tour bus driver took us around the city of Anchorage and pointed out various points of interests. But, he got my attention (even if it was in the afternoon) when he mentioned Snow City Cafe. I looked at my husband (despite him not feeling well) that we were going there for breakfast the next morning since we were leaving later the next morning. The bus driver also gave the bonus tip of arriving early since the place fills up quickly. The next morning I was up at 5am (they open at 7am) and packed up our things before heading down to the lobby with my husband around 6:30am. If you're staying at the Captain Cook Hotel, it's about 2 blocks down. It's short blocks, so you'll reach there in less than 5 minutes or so (depending on how you walk).Because we were there early, we walked around to take a look at our nearby businesses. Fact: No big name restaurants are in the city, so you will not find IHOP or Denny's. Many of the eats are local businesses. *Back to Snow City Cafe*They opened promptly at 7:00am and being that we were the first, we were seated right away and were given coffee right away along with our menus. Dan ordered their burrito while I ordered their French toast. The service was quick, friendly and bright.The food was well-prepared, hot and came out soon after we ordered.And the tour driver didn't lie...this place filled up within 10 minutes of opening. If you're visiting Anchorage, make sure you stop by here. It's such a nice 1990's nostalgic feel with the decor of local band fliers up at the entrance and the overall ambiance and decor of the restaurant. They also have a separate counter for coffee and pastries if you're on the go.If you're waiting? Help yourself to some coffee that they'll add to your check!The prices? Reasonable Recommendation: Absolutely, YES"}, {"review_id": "Gmw97FbSKDCrkSboy9uzvg", "user_id": "4KWUiqmIOjC8WyHtQU3IZg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/16/2018", "text": "Delicious breakfast of biscuits and gravy with hash browns.  Wonderful service.  My server was helpful and efficient.  I'm looking forward to trying more dishes during my stay in Anchorage."}, {"review_id": "fTwt4cyWvmxLHb0eADvtkg", "user_id": "K0bgKpDtf4W6as8WTFPYWQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "10/27/2017", "text": "Came here on the recommendation of some friends, and it did not disappoint! Service was fast and friendly, and the food was delish too! We visited on a Thursday afternoon, which was great timing because at 2pm, there was no wait since we waited until brunch was over.Deadliest Catch Benedict: a combo of smoked salmon cake bennie + crab cake bennie; pretty good, and nice to be able to have both of those varieties on one plateStuffed French Toast: SO GOOD! stuffed with an orange cream cheese, and the raspberry butter was a nice addition too; I liked that it wasn't too sweet.Completely worth it!"}, {"review_id": "Lf_C36b0DOZxXUhrPJAuFA", "user_id": "MAVDMqF_y0YnSpwZ7GWfXQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Awesome breakfast great service great atmosphere love to go there every time I'm in Anchorage"}, {"review_id": "K8Axjt8-2CR_lIRRZC-NgA", "user_id": "aefzm03nfkXGbuLslwDhVg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "10/8/2017", "text": "I haven't been to Snow City in awhile and was happy to see nothing had changed. Food still as good as I remember. I am creature of habit and always get the BOB with crispy hash browns. Bob is a standard eggs Benny with the addition of spinach and tomato.  For those that don't know, u can get a half orders on almost everything they have. Cheaper and u don't walk out with a food coma .  The jams are all homemade and delicious I also grabbed a mini pecan bun and cinnamon roll. Mini are 1.50 so I didn't feel bad ordering two. Now my waist line might beg to differ but worth the extra 10 minutes on treadmill. Still a little bit of wait but a solid place with good food."}, {"review_id": "0Ok3KT4ZoJXw_A6AOlWngw", "user_id": "pbzeNgmK2qPhkZQ-M-7iCQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "10/1/2017", "text": "I don't get it?  what is all the fuss over this place?  the lines were out the door as we left.  OK the food is better than average, but my eggs were not great, the ambiance is like any other diner in America.  what gives?If you head towards the  airport and see Gwenny's stop there.  You will see a real Alaska treasure!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/snow-city-cafe-anchorage?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]