[[{"review_id": "rl9lG4EMc7lFvK34JGAUxQ", "user_id": "4MeyfdyeJ38A_wOKLapRMQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "I give the lunch buffet 5 stars. Chicken Marsala, chicken curry , lamb Marsala and lamb with other sauce. Meats are lean or at least what I've eaten so far.  Definitely dark meat. At 6 different vegetarian options. Salad and a couple side items. Tea and a mango fruit drink are included.  Three desserts today. The soaked donut balls, mango pudding and carrot pudding. I'm impressed.  I'm glad I came upon this restaurant.  It's about $10 without a drink.  Very reasonable. Good for families of your kids like curry. Good choice in proteins. Yes.  The website is good and detailed also. I appreciate that."}, {"review_id": "2kddy_q0tJeTnxM-EG3uBA", "user_id": "L4dg-hA4Ek0M9sSBMJCqWg", "rating": 2.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "I have already been to India Oven many times since I moved to Arizona. My initial reaction to having their food was, \"it's just OK\". It started off with being average SUPER spicy food, even to me and I do enjoy a nice kick to my food but that deterred me from returning back for a while. With few Indian restaurants in the valley, I returned a few more times to give this place another try, hoping that I will change my mind and enjoy the food more but it was still just OK. The only time I kind of thought the food might actually be getting better was a few months ago when I went with my husband for dinner. I decided to only pick the dairy free options and it turned out to be a better experience so I decided to return again on Friday hoping for the best. Unfortunately, my experience was disappointing. So we arrived at 5:30pm for dinner on a Friday night. They open at 5:00pm so I was hoping I was gonna get fresh food having arrived at the beginning of the dinner buffet but the exact opposite happened. Everything was just warm, some of the food in the buffet was even cold! My thoughts: is this the lunch buffet leftovers?!I started with a samosa and some pakoda. The samosa dough was made perfectly, but the potato filling didn't have flavor. Pakoras were just ok too, nothing special. I then went for the main dishes. I had some plain rice and had the dhal makhani, the lamb vindaloo, chicken curry and chicken tikka masala and a bit of the chicken and veggie biryani. Everything was average, warm to cold and believe it or not, not spicy at all! What ever happened to the SUPER spicy food?! I understand that they may want to cater to the bigger population here and tone it down a little (and toning it down a little would have been great) but to get rid of the heat altogether I think is a mistake! I'm sure a lot of people come to Indian restaurants particularly to enjoy the flavors and the spice! This was what an Indian would call, \"bland\"! With my food, I also had the mango lassi. Normally, this would be the most delicious drink you could order at an Indian restaurant. This tasted like melted mango ice cream & it wasn't even cold.After I finished my dish, I decided not to go for seconds and just went for dessert. The first problem I had here was the bowls! I picked up one and it was sticky on the bottom, when I flipped it, it was dirty! I had to go through at least 3-4 bowls before I found a couple which were not too bad! I tried the mango custard and the kheer as well as the gulab jamun. The custard which is usually good had a bitter after taste so I decided not to eat it. The kheer had a piece of lettuce in it so I removed it and still had it; it was OK but there was no taste of cardamom which is what makes the kheer special. The gulab jamun was also ok, not warm enough though. I thought I would finish my meal with tea. It unfortunately did not have much flavor and it was was just warm. I don't like warm tea, it has to be hot for me to enjoy it so I only had a couple of sips.People may question my review because I am not Indian but I am someone who was brought up in Dubai where more than half the population is Indian and we had Indian restaurants or cafeterias at every corner, we had Indian neighbors, colleagues, friends, you name it so I am someone who grew up eating Indian food at restaurants and in people's homes from my early childhood and for over 33 years and I used to love it!!! This meal has unfortunately disappointed both myself and my husband. They get 1 star for food and 3 or more stars for service but service alone is not enough to make us return to India Oven again."}, {"review_id": "O3W_vc8FJBgZIT5DUd4W1Q", "user_id": "3kpoitFg-n7K3DtzSh-Y1A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/26/2018", "text": "If you're looking for a good variety of Indian food for a reasonable price, then this is the perfect place to come to! For the $12 dinner buffet, you have access to all the main Indian staples such as lamb vindaloo, chicken curry, chicken tikka masala, tandoori chicken, samosas, basmati rice, vegetarian options, and much more! There is also mango lassi, chai tea, mango and rice pudding. The staff are super friendly and they constantly fill your water cups and ensure that you have enough garlic naan. The dishes are fresh and constantly replenished because this place is so popular. But keep in mind that it's frowned upon to be wasteful so practice being in the clean plate club! (There's an extra fee if you leave a lot of uneaten food). It has been in establishment since the 1980s and can accommodate large groups. They are adjacent to a banquet hall and have a full bar so they have the capacity for special celebrations. I would love to bring a group of my friends here next time!"}, {"review_id": "41rxZJN4DAZgmmnuYTevBA", "user_id": "ewUV7K4JHnUj40Aj5YYXAw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Came in for the dinner buffet while we were in town for a weekend softball trip. The place was clean and open and the wait staff were super prompt and friendly. The buffet had the main Indian dish staples, chicken tiki masala, chicken curry, vindaloo etc. we also got complimentary naan which was nice. The taste of the food was great! I did not walk away with that typical underwhelming feeling of mediocre buffet food. Next time we are in town we'll definitely stop by again. The price was well worth it too! Great quality and great food. Keep it up India oven."}, {"review_id": "u5CgJ9tS-OhqgZL37XLYdw", "user_id": "MVyxYSpOP5RI6DnsJQox9Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/20/2018", "text": "Last night, my boyfriend asked me if we could eat curry for dinner.\"I walked into the closet and it smelled like Indian food for some reason. And now I'm craving curry. Can you go find an Indian buffet on Yelp and we can go there after you get your manicure?\" - Boyfriend, probably.The hunt was on! It actually took me a good few minutes to find an Indian buffet that was open for DINNER, as opposed to only at lunch. Luckily, India Oven was around to save the day and appease our cravings.The dinner price was $14 per person. They have tons of parking, and even though we arrived at peak dinner time (7:30 PM on a Monday) it wasn't packed. They also have a big hall that you can reserve for parties, but that was empty when I came in.The service was great and the waiters picked up our plates really quickly. They made sure to ask us if we were OK or needed anything every so often.Now, for the good part - the buffet selection:VEGETARIAN CURRIES:- Paneer tikka masala- 2-3 more vegetarian curry optionsMEAT CURRIES:- Chicken tikka masala- Lamb vindaloo- 1 more meat curry that I forgot the name of- Grilled chicken dish that I always see at Indian buffets (not a curry)NON-CURRY:- Salad bar- Assorted yogurt dressings- Those crunchy bean-shaped wafer things- Circle wafer thing- Tamarind chutney- Mint chutney- Some fried pancake-looking thing, I forgot the name (it was thick, like a veggie burger)- Basmati rice, plain- Basmati rice, friedDESSERT:- Kheer- Gulab jamun- Mango pudding- Carrot halwaDRINKS:- Chai- Mango lassi (the unlimited mango lassi made this review five stars hands down. I have been to MANY Indian buffets and I've never seen a place that serves you unlimited mango lassi)THINGS TO NOTE:- Garlic naan is made fresh, and they give your table a basket; it's part of the buffet price, but comes directly from the kitchen. You don't have to order it.. they just brought it out to us 10-12 minutes after we were seated.- I did NOT see any samosas or pakora, at all.I really enjoyed this place, despite not having any samosas. The unlimited mango lassi and variety in desserts really made me happy. I usually only eat malai kofta curry with rice and tamarind chutney, but instead of malai kofta, they had paneer tikka masala, which was perfectly fine!I'm also really impressed that they served us fresh garlic naan. There's a lot of vegetarian curry options too.This is officially my go-to Indian buffet place!"}, {"review_id": "xt53zubexz7tjrUewDPz4Q", "user_id": "7IKWju43qkvwXvg9ensakQ", "rating": 1.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "I don't know why this place has such good reviews. There is a dirty cloth wrapped around the entrance door. Food was not pleasing at all. I pushed many things aside on my plate. Lentils had a taste of dish soap. The cups for the mango lessee smelt of dirty towels. Mixed vegetable dish was so overly seasoned with turmeric. Pakora curry tasted sour and rotten. Mango pudding was grainy. Rice pudding was hard and sour I had to spit it out. Indian buffets are my go to... And this place was just gross. Not to mention the staff is not warm or welcoming at all. Will not return."}, {"review_id": "5Jdd5Ny9NydTd53zgDXxOw", "user_id": "p8UyUPBFgeTlB1f7_fmqvw", "rating": 1.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "Naan is cold, lamb is hard to chew, bowls are not clean at all. Service is not good either."}, {"review_id": "g5q3ZDR-OGNrPEbjz6V0tg", "user_id": "PYzQkqlpv7ncEcolDWLGDw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/6/2018", "text": "I am glad I tried India Oven. It's saved my opinion on Indian food (I had it once before at another place and was disappointing). The restaurant was nicely decorated and the service was great! Maybe it was because it was the lunch hour on a Saturday but everyone was so nice and attentive. Servers brought a plate of warm garlic naan as soon as i grabbed the last piece every time!  The food was delicious and considering it was a buffet and I could get as much as I wanted for a great price- the experience was amazing. I plan on revisiting many many more times so that I could try every dish in different variations because the quality and variety is amazing."}, {"review_id": "panaucuvhEe4Z6s44h9hHg", "user_id": "AfjVKIsLqzF71r2UccW2Fg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "I was very impressed with everything on the lunch buffet. Look forward to trying it for dinner."}, {"review_id": "aki0nYgFLk03ZGrEDVLTFw", "user_id": "EXKDLuYoZUKUNNNYA7TlGQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/2/2017", "text": "Once again Yelp gets it right! This was my first time to an Indian restaurant and Indian cuisine so I did my research via Yelp. I found India Oven to have 4.5 star review with over 600 reviews. After all 600 Yelpers can't be wrong. Many of the reviews were from people with Indian sounding names so I decided to give this place a try.It is not lavishly decorated, but it does lend to a middle eastern ambience. I came for the lunch buffet on a Saturday which was suggested on one of the reviews. There were several kinds of lamb and chicken dishes and a number of vegetarian ones also. I did try them all. The lamb vindaloo was good, not as spicy as the lamb masala. Both dishes had large pieces (about an inch cubed) of lamb cooked in a spicy tomato gravy and diced potatoes. The lamb masala was my favorite item on the buffet. The basmati rice was the perfect compliment to the lamb masala. The chicken dishes were also cooked in a spicy gravy. he chicken curry was mildly spicy and the chicken vindaloo was medium heat. My favorite was the chicken Tandoori. Pieces of chicken baked with a mild spicy coating.A few other dishes I really liked were kadni pakora. a kind of dumpling in a curry gravy, and the chana masala, chick peas and ginger on a spicy sauce.The deserts were nothing to write home about, but the mango lassi was to die for. A smooth creamy mango punch that you can refill as often as you like. And yes, as the yelpers said, unlimited naan. They come around every 10 minutes with more hot off the grill. Thank you Yelpers. My virgin Indian dining experience was truly a good one."}, {"review_id": "LkoEkg2hylpjKlabkd8EcA", "user_id": "ff62jtPDJGgsul5wC8sFDQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/22/2018", "text": "Super hungry money worth food. Hot & fresh nan serving as per your request. Good vegetarian buffet options. Too much food to attack . Must try."}, {"review_id": "EbuqeP6A1feuRA79SykDew", "user_id": "aeuo-PdHqd4IQSoH-Kueyg", "rating": 1.0, "date": "11/20/2017", "text": "This is not indian food. The food had no flavor to it. The saag paneer tasted like slop, the vegetarian dish with the cheese squares in it was not done right, the cheese was way too soft, the mango lassi tasted rotten, the mango custard was horrible. The naan bread was burnt and had no flavor. $13 sounded like a good price for an indian buffet but I didn't get what I paid for. They had mexican servers, I think they had mexican cooks too cause this was not authentic indian food at all. The food was not spicy and had no flavor. Avoid this place!"}, {"review_id": "HK0--teunIjUkJCy4AChvw", "user_id": "CALAkySd-s7ocCQd4CpGOA", "rating": 1.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Fuck this place. I would never come back to this place. I picked up some food to go and the guys in this place made me feel very uncomfortable. I really think they had a problem with me because I'm Mexican. They wouldn't even hand me my order they pointed to the bag on the table across the way and said there's your food."}, {"review_id": "Xm4BZu7qAaGfXi76qAHZ9w", "user_id": "BsdxzBDkjbUEC_AAk1aVHg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "I liked the buffet they had because they had mango lassi and the cups they had for them was cute. Of the dishes they had out at the buffet, I liked most of them. The chicken tikka masala and the paneer tikka masala sauces were good. I could definitely taste the difference between the paneer tikka masala and the chicken tikka masala. The goat dish tasted like beef, which I liked because it didn't taste gamey like the lamb dishes do. They also had gulab ja moon as well as a mango pudding. The mango pudding seemed to have fruit cocktail mixed into it as well because I found pieces of pear and maraschino cherries in it. The naan had a garlic topping with some green onion pieces on it. It was slightly more toasted than I would have liked. Overall, I think I would go back again, especially for the mango lassi."}, {"review_id": "j7C9J4bhu4XdxbMTdHyshA", "user_id": "lhU-EKaW2YUhxwCktvC27g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/26/2017", "text": "Overall: I definitely recommend this place!Food: I went in for lunch buffet and the food were all very good. They all had great flavor, and they have a vegetarian and a non-vegetarian section. I love that you are able to have unlimited of naan bread. Service: All the servers were very attentive. They walk around to check if you needed more naan and they clear your plate after you are done. They were very kind but they were quiet majority of the time. The restaurant was very clean as well. Cost: Since I only came in for lunch, I can only say the cost for lunch is a decent price. I don't remember the exact amount but it was around $10 for lunch buffet. I would definitely say the price is definitely worth the amount of great food you can get!"}, {"review_id": "71gDRmiMX4FPI6KlaFNbjg", "user_id": "wvtA27Md_CfwjQrePKoAnw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/13/2018", "text": "FOOD WAS EXCELLENT fast servicegood selection of vegetarian and non-vegetarian foodsperson answering the fone was very pleasant personable and helpfulI came in last minute at 225pm for buffetdelicious food - high recommend"}, {"review_id": "xe1kg0wzU67J2nAk84Efyw", "user_id": "B73jrxbCznoH5gYcGIHKUw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "This is the best Indian food in the east Valley. Period. We come at least once a month for the buffet. The food is seriously delicious. The people who work there are sooo nice and helpful. Mesa is in general not a restaurant hot spot but India Oven is the best!"}, {"review_id": "jfMKpJtXbP3cUDxjOwGf6w", "user_id": "T1TI-1x4TJB7V-nJhaP_NA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/14/2017", "text": "Great selection if vegetarian and meat dishes. The dessert was delicious. I was super Impressed because the mango lassi and hot milk tea were included and usually that is separate. I ate so much I was super stuffed! Two thumbs up!!"}, {"review_id": "c16Wz2CwPH2teAMIUxGGfA", "user_id": "T0IxGVROu8P25kebuQpKFw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "Fresh food, excellent service. The buffet is wonderful with good variety! Definitely will be back."}, {"review_id": "AN8r2VWqW2omK0b1Ws3W9g", "user_id": "WMMI5Q4Rmm1Rqdu0jOvyhQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/12/2017", "text": "I'm always a little heartbroken when I talk to people who say they don't like a specific ingredient or type of food because they hated it when they were a kid.  I don't doubt that was the case when you were younger, but have you tried again now that your taste buds have matured a little?  Far too often even my closest friends and family will never try certain cuisines for the rest of their lives because of a bad childhood food experience.  I'll freely admit that I've been that sourpuss from time to time, swearing off certain foods because I didn't like the flavor or the texture from way back when.  But now in my mid 30s, I've been working to follow my own advice and re-examine some of my food phobias.  For example, I despised avocados as a kid.  As an adult, I can't get enough of them.  As an adolescent, I wanted nothing to do with Vietnamese food.  Now, I'm discovering great new Vietnamese tastes all the time.  Today I decided it was time to conquer (or rather re-conquer) Indian cuisine from the depths of food prejudice.  I've had decent Indian food and God awful Indian food, but never great Indian food.  That is, until today.India Oven lies about a half mile north of the US 60 freeway on Gilbert Rd.  You'll find it on the right side of street halfway between Hampton and Southern Avenues.  I came around opening during lunch for my first go around.  Here you have the option for a la carte dining or jumping head first into their buffet.  I'm a guy with a healthy appetite, but buffets can be deadly for me (I always want to try it all).  But despite that, the lunch buffet is ridiculously cheap at just $10 for all you can eat and drink.  So the decision was super easy.  I counted at least two dozen different food items to choose from in all.  Plate in hand, time to grab as much as I could handle.I won't bother describing all the buffet items, but amongst the foods available were tandoori chicken, chicken tikka, chicken pakora,  lamb curry, lamb vindaloo, saag goat, as well as vegetarian dishes like gulab jamon, paneer tikka masala, korma, and baal maharani.  And of course some tender piping hot basmati rice to help soak up all those sauces.  For a beverage you can drink as much of their house made Mango Lassi as you want (and I did).  And if you have any questions as to what its in any of the items I just mentioned, there is a person staffing the buffet at all times to answer any questions you have.  And to top it all off, free garlic naan bread was brought to my table by India Oven owner Sarabjit Khurana himself.  In the end it took two fully stuffed plates for me to get decent samples of all the buffet items.  One thing I really appreciate about their buffet is that all of the items are served with the perfect level of spice.  Not too spicy, but just enough to impart flavor in way that's pleasing to the tongue.  I really don't have anything negative to say about any of the dishes I had as each was freshly prepared, the meat dishes all had generous amounts of meat in them, and even the vegetarian dishes were coupled with sauces that paired perfectly both in terms of taste and aromatics.  If I had to pick my favorites of the bunch, I would say the korma (a vegetable medley covered in a spiced cream), the paneer tikka masala (tofu, cheese, and tomatoes and moderately spicy sauce), and the lamb curry (marinated lamb cooked with various herbs and spices) were my top 3.  I could've had a gallon of that mango lassi (a mixture of mango fruit and yogurt in shake form).  The Naan bread was also delicious, as was the gulab jamon dessert (basically deep fried balls of milk and cheese covered in syrup).It's not often that I can say a buffet has blown me away in terms of the quality of their food (outside of the Bellagio in Vegas), but India Oven's is just such a buffet.  The staff were incredibly helpful and gracious throughout my meal.  I was absolutely stuffed to the gils in the best possible way.  And all for just $10.  For that price, the quality of their buffet is far higher than it needs to be.  But for people who (like me) have had a past hatred or indifference to Indian cuisine, take a trip to Mister Khurana's place in Mesa.  There's so much good food to choose from here, it'll basically be impossible for you not to fall in love with Indian food again."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/india-oven-mesa?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]