[[{"review_id": "dGX03a4rjDqbVbQyz3XsAA", "user_id": "EO7u_L1_ZgRdawMrbQMY0A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "Second time at the Prep and Pastry franchise and they do not disappoint. First time this at this on Campbell. Sat at the bar. Service was fantastic, food came out fast and had for a late breakfast the AM Renello. See the picture. Beautifully composed dish that was met with equally great taste. Lots of crunchy tortillas strips in an unfried chile with lots of goodies mixed into a scrambled egg. Definitely give one a shot."}, {"review_id": "NovsAliqyH7A3tsFWet9Lw", "user_id": "lwxXzYA5ZBsbUlRLHhPmBA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/1/2018", "text": "This place is hip. Definitely bordering on hipster, if you use that terminology- the place is full of beautiful, well dressed people that are undeniably cooler than you (and probably know it) but the place still manages to retain some level of humility. The space is cool- bright, well lit, open, colorful and playful. We came on a Friday morning and it was hoppin', but we nabbed the last parking space and were seated quickly. The floor is almost swarming with servers- not more than 2 minutes would pass without someone stopping at our table to make sure that we were alright. Excellent service, if not slightly bordering on too much and too frequent.The mimosa I ordered (prickly pear) had good flavor and was definitely strong. The server recommended against their mimosa of the day, citing that it didn't have as much flavor, and I appreciated his honesty. We ordered the Beni and Prickly Pear Lemon Pie French toast. The Beni was good, although the biscuit was a little dry- but the star of the show was definitely the French toast. The bread was thickly cut, and cooked perfectly- good French toast, but the lemon curd that was generously piped underneath the toast and the fluffy prickly pear mascarpone was out. Of. Control. The tanginess of the curd balances the richness of the French toast and mascarpone perfectly. It was sweet and sour, tangy, soft, chewy, warm and comforting. And THEN, there were these wonderful pie crust \"chips\" to kind of dip in the remnants of the delicious sauce created by the mixture of syrup, curd and mascarpone. Stupid good. Overall, a great stop- we were not disappointed. This place obviously earns its hype. Well done!"}, {"review_id": "wsiDs_CntNG4ZMJs4ASFvA", "user_id": "dqy2kHTTabiBlqL-pzjw4g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/7/2018", "text": "I went here for my birthday in November and again last week with my sister. The first time I was here, I could not stop raving about it; my husband thinks it's just ok and couldn't understand why I liked it so much here. The second time I came, I came to understand his view. It was just OK. Both my sister and I are foodies (she's a yelp elite because she bothers to write reviews, and I don't). We shared the green chili french toast, monte cristo, and an omlette. It was all lack luster. I mean, it all tasted good, just not GREAT like the my first experience.Most notable was the monte cristo; it was a little disappointing because there wasn't much meat in it, and what little there was, it was unevenly distributed. The sandwich was cut in half and she got about 90% of the meat in her half, and I got mostly bread and some cheese. When I let management know this, they immediately apologized and took it off the bill. I'm going to let it slide as maybe their off day, because I really liked the initiative they took with the customer service, and because my first trip left such a great impression on me. In talking to the manager, he seemed genuine in his concern for my disappointment in my visit, and he expressed how this is not common and not up to standards for their restaurant. What a great manager with strong people skills. I believe him. I'll come back with more people so we can all talk about and compare our next experience."}, {"review_id": "O7bZc6ZdbFoKt19dk0BiEA", "user_id": "FI3ifkvRol42AkyyhpEgrQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "There is almost no other place I love to come in for brunch more, than prep. There is something for everyone here and the staff is so knowledgeable about their products. I am always a little disappointed in myself for not getting their early enough for pastries, but love love love the Duck Confit as well as the Poutine on the weekends. Their iced coffee is always a great time, but if you are in the mood for a drink, then the white sangria is a gem. I always make a point to come to prep when visiting my second home in Tucson. From the staff to the quality of the food, to the photo ops, there is not much to disappoint."}, {"review_id": "yTU_9TF9LNYM-Ny0WofAjg", "user_id": "6O3-FlKAZf6FMoxXCKM_og", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/28/2018", "text": "From the rustic exterior to the beautiful decor of the interior this place has it going on. The food, the attitudes and the general vibe was as positive as one would like as one starts the day.They didn't have steak and eggs on the menu but they threw some tri tip in a bowl, served my eggs perfectly over medium and refilled my delicious smooth brew of a coffee 7 times, at least. My cute carafe of half and half was never empty! These guys and gals rock. It is a rarity to see a local joint have over a thousand reviews and maintain such a high rating so I had to check it out. Yelpers did not disappoint once again. I camped out here for a conference call, enjoyed a hearty breakfast in a corner of the bar and no one gave me the stink eye. All of the staff, especially Pat, were so accomodating and never made me feel anything but comfortable! Thanks again gang. I'll be back."}, {"review_id": "7ZU_ku6EFDPHWU8DSgW3lg", "user_id": "UotB3H13QPSEUAZkxuC8Bg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/5/2018", "text": "It's pretty rare that I feel moved to write a review after going somewhere once.  Restaurants have good days and bad days and I don't want to judge on one experience.  Prep & Pastry, though?  I'll judge away.I was visiting family in Tucson and adventuring out on my own for breakfast.  Like a good Yelper, I did my research and found a few places to try over my time in the desert.  For some reason, Prep & Pastry was on my radar but I wasn't overly excited about it.  The last morning I headed to Prep & Pastry thinking, \"It can't possibly be as good as the reviews\".The parking lot was packed and I had to park by Chipotle -- probably a no-no, but I sure wasn't going to skip breakfast over a darn parking spot.  I had wanted to sit on the patio, but the hostess suggested the bar and, being in a bit of a rush, I settled.As I perused the menu, I noticed the bartender running around like crazy and assumed he must be stressed.  But nope, he was super skilled and able to move flawlessly between taking orders, pouring drinks, and pausing to talk with diners.  He was *awesome* and turned his job into an art.I'm always a bit worried as a vegetarian that options will be limited, but there were a ton of choices at Prep & Pastry, including two vegan ones.  I opted for the Green Chile French Toast and the bartender's eyes lit up as he said it was a good choice.  After sitting a few more minutes I decided a mimosa was perfectly respectable at 9:00AM and got a Prickly Pear mimosa.  My meal was absolutely gorgeous.  And after taking a few bites, I decided it might very well be the best breakfast I've ever had.  It was the perfect balance of savory and sweet with a bit of tang from the lime crema and the eggs were cooked to perfection.  I'm a bit sad while typing this that I won't be having it again any time soon.There are a ton of items on the menu that I'd love to try (there's a Prickly Pear Lemon PIE listed under entrees - breakfast pie!) and several items that are du jours, including a french toast and regular toast.  But honestly, I'd be hard-pressed not to order the Green Chile French Toast when I go back.  I found myself talking about it to family pretty much all day.  You know a meal is either terrible or amazing if you can't stop thinking about it and this one was beyond amazing.  My stepbrother who has culinary training said he's been wanting to try Prep & Pastry but that it's always packed.  It looks like there's a solution and that there's an app that allows you to get \"in line\".  Hopefully he'll be able to check it out soon.I couldn't resist ordering a pastry to go since I was staring at them all meal.  What I got was flaky, blueberry-filled puff pastry with a cream cheese spiral of frosting on top.  I shared it with my stepsister later in the day (I must love her a lot to be willing to share it) and I thought she was going to lick the plate.  I thought about it, too.  I appreciated that it was tasty and decadent without being overly sweet.I really can't say enough good things and am pleased that the restaurant lived up to the hype.  I was able to walk out the door having had the best breakfast of my life, a mimosa, and dessert, all met with great service, for later for $22 pre-tip which felt totally reasonable.  I really can't wait 'til my next Tucson trip to go back.In the meantime, please order the Green Chile French Toast for me."}, {"review_id": "9C6m8Q0inYE_I5A2TQ-M4A", "user_id": "1nQgh9EsgAF-KpJ-hxIkfQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/12/2018", "text": "Wow this place is great. I came in for brunch on a Thursday late morning and there was still a wait. Thank god for the yelp waitlist, we were able to go about our morning and reach just in time for our table.The prickly pear mimosas are strong and delicious. I was feeling myself after just one. But that may be because I'm a light weight.I got the quiche for food. This was the most decadent thing ever. The quiche is cooked perfectly and the crust is so flakey and awesome. Don't get this if you're trying to be healthy FYI this dish is meant to be comfort food-y. Unfortunately I found a hair in it towards the end of my meal (sad face).I ordered a doissant to go (spelling?) but ended up eating it there because it looked scrumptious. It tasted good, but I wasn't blown away. I think it was the flavor I got, chocolate and almond? I'd recommend another flavor. I sat there for a few hours doing work and the service was great the entire time. Highly recommend this place!"}, {"review_id": "AM9FvsuDkDVB4P9ZsHddJA", "user_id": "PiAez4G8xCXfkoXqUDdS6w", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/10/2018", "text": "Cute place with good drinks and food. but I wasn't impress with the food. The server wasn't coming to our table after they served the food for a long time.I had a burnt food but they changed it for me to the normal French toast."}, {"review_id": "1s-GLzXAovpM3jYiNXBTRQ", "user_id": "PLOYtrCMUFPHQe2IbYAd5g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/23/2018", "text": "With 1200+ reviews, and 4.5 stars it's pretty obvious that PnP is a beloved Tucson spot. I can see why - I loved it too!The space is small and simple with a generous patio (which wasn't open on our visit because it was \"cold\"). Prepare to have a hard time making a food decision as everything on the menu looks great. I opted for biscuits and gravy with eggs and a side of turkey sausage. Can we talk about those biscuits? They're huge, like the size of my face huge, and perfectly fluffy and topped with oh-so-good sausage gravy.Can we talk about my eggs? PERFECTLY cooked. PERFECTLY. Can we talk about their housemade sausage? The turkey is a little spicy and the pork version is wonderfully seasoned. If you eat meat and don't order one of these, I am sad for you. Finally, can we talk about Matt? If Matt has your table you're going to have a good time because he's pretty great. Two thumbs up!"}, {"review_id": "h_xYPmjuOq4j6BcXaXVRAQ", "user_id": "lz9m7ZMdepaOSWAc1g1skg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "The food of mine was really good. It was a omelette, called Buona something, very veggie style. I enjoyed it so much. The rest on our table also looked great and got compliment! Love it! However, there were two  locations in Tucson. Watch out closely which one you and your family/friends are going to meet. My people were sitting at different locations waiting for each other."}, {"review_id": "j6b-BUbnFWX6bYwkbwePEg", "user_id": "3ohiLPOTAM0RmFZhq0iLOg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "In town for work and chose here for breakfast. Our sever at the bar, Alma, was awesome. She patiently explained some of the selections as they have several very unique and Interesting choices.I chose the Monte Cristo made from French toast. It was good but i wish I chose something else... I wanted to try something I've never had. The potatoes on the side were flavorful. We also tried a gourmet donut, Maple Bacon which was good but a little dry. I'd like to try it again since the service and the staff were outstanding. I'm leaving town otherwise I would try it again. It's a quaint establishment with fantastic service and good entrees."}, {"review_id": "nKh_ot9cmEm0galxElALsg", "user_id": "ve72LhH25SP09cg9K0tpAA", "rating": 2.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Definitely not impressed at all. Was excited because this was the first place I found that finally had champagne brunch! Drinks were weak and the servers acted like they were miserable."}, {"review_id": "5LJ75k87IcSLszUx2TeexA", "user_id": "C8CBOjO7s32dCW0DRmiL9Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/23/2018", "text": "The breakfast here was phenomenal! I came around 1030 am on a Sunday, quite a busy time, but waited maybe 3 minutes due to the No Wait app! It was amazing! The service was more than accommodating and the prices were average for the quality of the food I got! I got the breakfast Sammie and was able to modify it! It even came with a side of potatoes! The mimosa varieties were awesome too! Such a fun place for brunch!"}, {"review_id": "QiBG5KoWVCFpy60Lq9bV7w", "user_id": "vTprcHGBn9asRfI349M1Fg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/27/2018", "text": "This place was recommended to us by a friend.  Good for breakfast and brunch.  I have to say, that while I enjoyed my breakfast...eggs cooked the way I wanted them, bacon was good, whole wheat toast was cut from a loaf and not out of a plastic bag.  Potatoes for everyone else were great, smashed fried potatoes with great seasonings.  I'm just one of those people who does not like potato skins, unless they are crispy.  My sister was not impressed with the french toast, but our friend enjoyed the pancakes.This place is way to noisy.  For that reason alone I would not recommend it.  Maybe I'm getting old, but I would like to be able to hear the people I'm  at the same table.  Bummer.But if the noise doesn't bother you, the food is good.  Give it a try."}, {"review_id": "X6dz-2oHFwya1NPjyYc7tA", "user_id": "u3cttqqjTzrQJV8ziE9aUw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "Yummmmmm. This place is delicious and super cute! It's so popular though the wait time for a seat, and to get your food is usually very long BUT if you have the time, I think it's worth it!"}, {"review_id": "VD9f_n98EFcDjM93c7h19A", "user_id": "poBZBdNAomo2LwPmQ_aCBg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/26/2018", "text": "This is my favorite place to get brunch!! They have the best French Toast, my favorite French Toast is their Green Chili French Toast, it's soo good!! They have the best Grapefruit Mimosas too!! I recommend everyone go to Prep & Pastry in Tucson, AZ!!"}, {"review_id": "VQzhnAs-XZER2GVil-LtUw", "user_id": "RI2A_xPX_CF4osH05RSVIw", "rating": 2.0, "date": "2/13/2018", "text": "2 stars for the service, 0-1 stars for food.I was honestly so disappointed with my visit because it DID NOT meet the expectations that comes along with 1,200 reviews and almost 5 stars on yelp. I don't know if I came on a bad day or if the food is always lacking, but I do know that I didn't have the same 4-5 Star experience that most people seem to have here.I will give props to whoever curated the restaurant's menu because I believe that executed well, the food would be amazing. (It definitely wasn't amazing though) I ordered The Beni and was soooo excited since Benny's are my favorite breakfast food. I was even more interested in the fact that P&P's are made with cheddar biscuits and pork belly. Unfortunately, the cheddar biscuits tasted like an old/stale Red Lobster biscuit that dried out in the Arizona sun for 5 days and lost its flavor. (Sand) The biscuit was so dry that it crumbled apart whenever touched and would fall straight through my fork. However, I could get over the dry biscuit. The pork belly, the item that is supposed to be the star of the show, was a bust. When I think of pork belly, I think of a melt-in-your-mouth piece of meat that is just the right amount of fatty. Strike 2  I've never had tough, chewy pork belly before until I dined at Prep and Pastry.  I really struggled to eat the pork because it basically resembled rubber in my mouth. It didn't even taste like good rubber. I don't know how P&P cooks and seasons their meat, but it tasted like they didn't even bother. For $10, I guess I didn't lose that much money but I usually love eggs Benedict and my plate here at p&p was hard to eat. My friend was feeling light and ordered the house made granola. He was disappointed that for $6.5 they didn't even offer Greek yogurt, but said the granola was good. My friend also ordered the Maple Bacon donut. He said the frosting was great BUT the rest of the donut lacked in taste and texture. He only ate half of the donut because the dough itself was so dry. I tried a piece and I definitely could agree that the donut tasted a day or two past it's shelf-life. However, at this point I'm not sure if the pastries/bread items always taste stale or if we just came on a bad day.  Once again, their menu looks so appealing and I'm a fan of the creative recipes but I just did not have a good experience. :((My other friend ordered the chef's Hanna's French toast and was told it was a red velvet special. When it showed up, it was definitely not red velvet and even more not edible. The \"toast\" was burnt and when we asked the server what the flavor of it was, they said they didn't know .)*** great service because the restaurant comped my friends French toast and gave him a new order on the house. My friend had already posted a yelp photo of his French toast and the manager/owner introduced himself to us and thanked him for leaving a yelp review."}, {"review_id": "wiX2LJam4bKWdEMHJ0_ZWA", "user_id": "5XIABNOu1x1eDXvRr636fw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "Alex did a wonderful job serving my family for brunch. Really enjoyed my entire visit."}, {"review_id": "OqkF7pp0slwG_d7sve37tg", "user_id": "-WKOdr26Clxm5pIZ_HLSSA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/18/2018", "text": "Food is great!! They do get pretty busy so expect to wait! Service is great. Only gets 4 stars cause it's kinda small and tight and parking is horrible there. It's a place I want to stay and chit chat/sip on mimosa for a long period of time, but always seemed to personally feel a little rushed because so many people are waiting to be seated and not much room to really relax."}, {"review_id": "nEhoxGSxGIXKtuGoojlZlg", "user_id": "1F5wbSbtUBzxS8IsM7fWsA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "10/30/2017", "text": "I'd love to give this place five stars. It's almost there, I promise! The only reason I feel that I can't is that I've always had to wait 30 minutes to an hour before being seated during brunch hours. Also parking is usually limited and we tend to end up parallel parking on the steeet. Maybe that's a testament to their popularity, which they certainly deserve!I usually order a mimosa while waiting. Very strong and delicious. Kind of expensive at $7 but they don't water their drinks down.When we order food it comes out very quickly. The servers and friendly and eager to explain the menu if you ever have questions. I'm a big fan of the simple breakfast which is toast served with chunky strawberry jam and eggs.  I also get a side of bacon, which is the best menu item in my opinion. Very thick, crispy, slightly sweet and savory. My fiancee always orders the Monte Cristo with extra jam. It's a weird combination (ham, pineapple mascarpone, strawberry jam, cheese) but the ingredients come together surprisingly well.The best thing is that the meals are dirt cheap, especially considering the quality of food and excellent table service. We pay about $20 for two people and are stuffed out of our minds.I will definitely absolutely be back."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/prep-and-pastry-tucson?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]