[[{"review_id": "Hj0gRc_--loYWXnn5IHUww", "user_id": "8nPTcgLZC-2Vw0nD-IwGKg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "This small coffee shop was amazing. Great customer service, good vibes and great coffee! I also ate brunch here and the food was delicious. Little on the pricey side, but you get what you pay for. Parking was a little annoying, but we made it work. I definitely recommend this place if you're looking for a quick bite and some caffeine in a clean, quiet environment."}, {"review_id": "srQ2OIHTtwOwTP4a6j2x6A", "user_id": "n5NatlzIpc17OOvAFqujHA", "rating": 1.0, "date": "5/1/2018", "text": "I really hate to write this but the Mexican benedict meal made me sick... really sick.First, the pros:- Clean setting.- Great vibe.- Lots of people.- Friendly staff.- Great looking pics on Yelp.Based on all the pics on Yelp, I decided to order the Mexican benedict. The chorizo sold me. When it arrived, I started to indulge in the dish and thought to myself that, \"this isn't as good as I was hoping.\" No big deal... I still liked the place and the vibe. The reviews were good and when I'm back in the area, I'll try something else. I'm not one to want to waste food so I finished my plate and started to go about my day. Again, no big deal.  As soon as I got into the parking lot, I started to feel weird. Maybe a little gassy... that happens, right? I just burped it along as my buddy and I were headed to play a round of golf. I'm still a little gassy on the first hole (not even an hour after eating). Then it hits me on the third hole. Not to be too graphic, but it was coming out of both ends and all I can taste coming up was the chorizo.It's been a few days and my tummy is still a little unsettling from this meal.I'm not writing this to tell you not to go there because clearly people have enjoyed their experiences but I will be very hard pressed to give this place another shot."}, {"review_id": "YaAVt5uwkNKYno1z7VkGdw", "user_id": "c_90Hw0bbS3EXToASugk8A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/6/2018", "text": "Such a cute little place, very clean. Came here on a lunch date. There wasn't very many people at all (later in the afternoon) so we were able to get in and out pretty easily. The food was very delicious, ordered a sandwich (forgot which one) and enjoyed it way more than my date :-0 My only complaint, is the parking sucks as it seems they share a small lot with other businesses."}, {"review_id": "b-HxGxONhxMhRPMFyKJJxA", "user_id": "vZFYa63rZtbyiL4bH32CdQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/20/2018", "text": "The banana nut muffins taste like Cap'n Crunch! Their muffins are baked with love. Soft, moist, fresh and flavorful. 3.5 Star review. I've seen nothing but great reviews and recommendations for this breakfast joint. It was quite busy the morning I came - looked like some business meetings even took place here. A wait was understood but the lines died out and it got to a point where we thought they forgot about us. When I went to check on my table's order, the guy at the counter let me know that it would be right out. And it did come to us within the next couple minutes. Everyone was super apologetic and a gentleman (perhaps a manager? Owner?) even came by and checked up on us, apologized, and gave us three muffins on the house. Such a kind and appreciated gesture - not to mention those muffins are fantastic! Might even be the best thing we had on the menu! I ordered the classic egg sandwich. The bread was really soft and you can never go wrong with eggs and bacon. Overall I enjoyed my sandwich. I would order it again. My boyfriend ordered the Wilcox Avenue which was just eggs, a choice of meat, and toast. Again, simple, he also enjoyed his food with some Tapatio. My brother and his girlfriend on the other hand did not have too pleasant of a breakfast. He got the Blackstone Scramble, which he said was barely seasoned and had an overwhelming amount of bell peppers.. And she ordered the Mexican Benedict. She is a lover of all Benedict's. That is, until today. The chorizo was not very flavorful. Again, the meal was just pretty bland and the eggs were over poached. There was such high expectations as everyone raves over them but it did not deliver in the least bit. It made sense why my boyfriend and I were happy with our meals because what we ordered doesn't require seasoning. What really made me disappointed were the spuds that are served with every meal. Now, I don't know if it's a thing to just kind of boil potatoes and call it good but I was not a fan! The amount of time we waited I feel like they should've sat on the stove top a little longer to get at least a crisp if there's absolutely no flavors added. Not even copious amounts of pepper or ketchup could save those.Aside from that - if I were around the area, I would probably stop in for a muffin and some tea or coffee."}, {"review_id": "l6r1S8Xf6uSlR4CmE93_QQ", "user_id": "RJrGgtBXkpX2oEHM4hSqXg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/19/2018", "text": "Ordered the B.M.O.C.. Found this place via @azfoodie's awesome Insta. The dish was a good balance between sweet and salty; a kicked up version of a ham with the added benefit of bbq grill flavor and smoke. Delicious. Comes atop a beautifully made waffle and apple compote, with two eggs (made your way. Mine were a perfect over medium) on top.They chose a quasi-fast casual dining model, so you pay first and receive your order via server. Ambience is great for foodies, like myself, who enjoy taking photos of everything, and the service was very responsive, efficient and cordial."}, {"review_id": "w5M5AjUmFzOzVii7oP4OHg", "user_id": "s80XluE4GJ4TU42PjvVw4g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/22/2018", "text": "Came here for a lunch meeting. Pretty close to downtown and my office, wasn't too difficult to find. The parking here though is a bit hard to find - you may end up needing to park next door. I had to park in Zoe's kitchen because parking lot was full. I ordered the tortilla espanola with the sausage. The food arrived pretty fast! The tortilla espanola was interesting - first time having it. It had a soft spongy texture - looked like savory cake! The sausage was good, and the salad that came with it was a little greasy for me. Not sure what they put on it but overall the entire dish was good. Definitely recommend for brunch in youre in the area!"}, {"review_id": "6IIQ1L4RkEF3RJ-qzfR71A", "user_id": "3ABugfXekKDaV4F1iBg0TQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/10/2018", "text": "Dropped by Vovomeena on a weekday to grab some delicious brunch fixings with a friend. Parking was pretty easy and we were able to get in and order right away which was great! You put in your order at the counter, walk over to the coffee bar if you got a coffee drink, and then sit down with your number and wait for your food to come out. I was in a super french toast mood so I went with the orchard french toast and of course got a side of the spuds. I also grabbed a japanese cold brew because come on, you can't pass up on coffee. Now in terms of the food, the french toast was deeelicious. Sweet without being too overwhelming and definitely a good portion for the price. Man the spuds were so good, they almost overshadowed the main dish! They were really well seasoned and tasted great by themselves and with hot sauce! The japanese cold brew didn't really meet my expectations, but I'll probably try out a different coffee drink when I'm there next time. Service was great and the food was delicious so I can definitely see myself dropping by again!"}, {"review_id": "NudRfdKSJfUQ7a_1jqB9yg", "user_id": "IW9PODn_2g_15nkhQcRVdw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/17/2018", "text": "Saturday morning trip downtown PHX and our tummies were hungry, hungry for great food at that. If anyone were to ask me about Vovomeena I would describe them in one word: consistent. Consistency for years and years of us coming here, I took a photo on IG in May of 2013 and since then they've only improved! If you want a party in your mouth, dine here. If you're timid on trying new things, don't dine here. They specialize in dishes you won't see anywhere else and the menu proves that! I highly recommend VOvomeena if you are ready to take breakfast up a notch!"}, {"review_id": "4SrDHFsI93nk_pjZ_l7P_Q", "user_id": "2MtL65B0hy5L41TFBRIdYg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/21/2018", "text": "Now this is breakfast! Just landed in Phoenix and my family and me were so hungry. Peanuts on the plane are cool, but I need some substance. And substance did I get. Looked to my trusty Yelpers for a place near the hotel and this was the first place to come up. Didn't even bother to look at the menu, Siri, tell me where to go. When we arrived, we had to park in a tiny lot, where cars circle in hopes for a spot to open. Luckily, someone was leaving as we were coming. Inside is super cute with seating inside and shaded seating outside. Here you grab a menu, order, then seat yourself. Menus are on the wall, we had a time finding them. Everything had a name that I'm not used to reading. On a whim, I ordered Johnnycakes, which was 2 corn & chile cakes, sweet rice, syrup, and potatoes.  No egg and no meat, the guy put extra potatoes. Ok, sir, you're cool and already know me!My family placed their orders and we all waited patiently. All the plates came out relatively close to one another and we dug in. Now, looking from the outside, you would not guess at all what you were about to bite into, but it was a pleasant surprise. It was literally corn & chile! With the syrup and sweet rice it was just too delicious. The cakes were a good size, too. And there were strawberries on top. My. Goodness. I couldn't stop. Then to the potatoes ,which were perfectly crispy some bites. I was in breakfast heaven, and I'm not a big fan unless is basic. But this blew all the other breakfasts out of the orange juice! My family really enjoyed theirs too as their plates were empty. I couldn't finish all of mine, I think the extra spuds got me, since I finished those."}, {"review_id": "qKGfsWBgamCzEH6L0k2aLg", "user_id": "46aM0kni0GXjS0zx0-zTfA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/29/2018", "text": "Super quaint little breakfast brunch spot near downtown. Unique concept- order at the counter, then choose your own seat. We had the three sisters omelette, breakfast burrito and waffle - very fresh ingredients- the side of potatoes was amazing too. Very strong coffee as well. Hard to decipher how the system works if it's your first time, but they walk you through it."}, {"review_id": "-CdN92u-D98UAAj21qsnVQ", "user_id": "FI3ifkvRol42AkyyhpEgrQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/19/2018", "text": "AMAZING!Came on a Saturday morning, the atmosphere right when you walk in is very urban, but comforting. The food was amazing, you order first then sit down and they will bring the food out to you. The owner greeted us and helped us find seating. Food was wonderful, I cannot recommend dining in enough. We were also able to get out coffee to go, which was also wonderful. If you are contemplating something in the menu, ask the staff, the are knowledgeable about the food and ingredients."}, {"review_id": "un6J01BHmTXAgUSEb69KTQ", "user_id": "OT0VuG0p5l1NplYjao-5hg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/10/2018", "text": "We stumbled upon this place while searching for some breakfast/lunch places in Phoenix. This place was pretty busy upon entering. There were only a couple of tables open. The food was amazing. The biscuits and gravy were top notch. The biscuits were soft yet had a crispy texture, and the gravy was creamy and had delicious sausage pieces in it. The all-you-can-drink coffee was very good. It didn't taste like cheap drip coffee. It was bold and full-bodied and went very well with our food. The environment was nice in that the doors were open to a nice patio area with outdoor seating. The only thing is that you can't sit where you want. You have to wait until after your order and then they find a table for you. A positive for this method is that you don't have to scramble to find an open table (like you do at In-N-Out!). We will definitely return to try the other items on the menu. So many menu items that sounded so good. But they are a bit pricey for breakfast, so we can't return very often."}, {"review_id": "jIfJcELd0fWSgAzdCyHHUg", "user_id": "HDer3V0vY2vV6XhF96pBBg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/2/2018", "text": "This is a terrific breakfast spot in downtown Phoenix if you want somewhere small and cozy with delicious comfort food (and great coffee!). A lifelong Phoenix resident took me here and swore by it, so I came with an open mind despite a difficult parking situation in the small attached lot. Upon entering you wait in line to place your order and I chose the biscuits and gravy as well as the unlimited hot coffee before taking our seat. The coffee itself was great and worthy of any boutique coffee shop in LA! While I got the unlimited hot coffee (for only $3!) my friend got the cold brew sampler which was a unique experience if you're a cold brew lover! Out of her four cold brews she really liked three of them, so don't go into it planning to love each one but if you want to try new things it's a great option.When our food arrived I was blown away by the biscuits and gravy. As many here have said, they're incredibly rich and indulgent but are the perfect treat if you're craving something heavy on the carbs and cream! The menu is expansive, as well, so next time I'm in Phoenix I'll certainly come back to try something new!"}, {"review_id": "iLpFX4-xGN6bischrAtAjw", "user_id": "Acv_yJGISVq6Ve3qRjudkw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/1/2018", "text": "Special of the day awesome. Will return food is amazing staff very friendly and fast service. Coffee is excellentNo downside to this place. Worth the drive from. Scottsdale fo a wonderful breakfast."}, {"review_id": "nqXq1Aj9O4BTQ33shtfLJQ", "user_id": "HHrDK8PKL3div1uBYym6LQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/1/2017", "text": "I've been wanting to try Vovomeena for a while now, and finally got to a few weeks ago with my brother. He was a bit apprehensive to take \"little sister's advice\" on where to go eat, but I know he liked it -- even though he won't tell me so. Lol.My brother and I were both wanting a breakfast burrito, but since it was a Saturday, we had to choose something else (they only serve the breakfast burrito during the week). I opted for The Banging Pocket (mostly because that's what the guy at the counter recommended) and my brother got the Tortilla Espanola. I also ordered a latte, my brother ordered the cold brew. Now I'm not much of a fan of cold brew typically, but theirs is amazing! They infuse the cold brew with different flavors so it mixes it up a bit; it's not your normal cold brew, I can promise you that! Since it was a beautiful Saturday morning and not too hot out, we sat outside sipping our coffee while the food was prepared. It didn't take long for the food to come out though, which was surprising considering they were busy (thanks for being awesome kitchen staff!) The Banging Pocket was, well quite bangin' -- extremely flavorful with the mix of scrambled eggs, Schreiner's banger sausage and smoked gouda (my fave!), with a side of roasted potatoes on the side. Definitely hit the spot with me. My brother devoured the Tortilla Espanola, and said it was amazing (the clean plate would've told me that, though, hehe). I loved the atmosphere, the food, and the absolutely kind and informative staff at Vovomeena. I just wish it wasn't so far from me. I will definitely drive out here again soon though. It's so worth it!"}, {"review_id": "u0HF4ph2kz-pZUxMQbi2WA", "user_id": "lQttOvOc30AV5r2QyNRvKw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/28/2017", "text": "Wow, this place was amazing. I'm really glad that we decided to pick this place. When you first come in, you order at the register. If you get a drink, you wait at the drink bar. To assist in finding a seat, a manager is there after you put in your order. I decided to get the classic egg sandwich and Japanese cold brew. I highly recommend the cold brew. It's so good and strong! The classic egg sandwich was amazing too. It's on an egg bun, my fave. The chipotle aioli goes so well with everything on that sandwich. The potatoes on the side were perfectly crispy. Everything was just amazing. The service was great and they kept checking to make sure everything was okay.If I ever go back to Phoenix, I'd definitely go back here!"}, {"review_id": "C_R9MKS8dPn8CbyeBbupwg", "user_id": "BxjajkJiWvyOAdLxXSjGOA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "It's been almost a month since my trip Vovomeena, and wish it weren't 2,000 Miles away from me. I wake up most mornings craving their pain perdu, and can't wait to eat it again on my next spring training trip. If you enjoy French toast and bananas you'll love this dish! All the other items I tried from my friends were excellent, and Vovomeena has the best coffee you'll find in any breakfast restaurant. You'll fall in love with their Japanese cold brew coffee."}, {"review_id": "Xa20x17VloZSXOVF-hSnkg", "user_id": "lY4E86mCdWbe4kC-Zb6wmQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/26/2017", "text": "Lovely place. Can't tell how busy the place is from outside but once you get in, you'll be amazed by the decors and vibe. Friendly staff and good service, and the food was uniquely flavored with a Mexican twist. Recommend the three sisters omelet with potatoes! Ps they have a parking lot and patio seating."}, {"review_id": "ya7DWtrLXl9lL9zRzSMKNg", "user_id": "AoKTwYVgJHAJHUOUF2KgOg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/31/2018", "text": "First time diner. Lifetime fan!Have always wanted to try cold coffee but didnt want to over-invest in a whole cup of just one flavor......Enter the cold coffee flight of 3 ...Love Love Love it!Good selection on the menu and the serving sizes are generous, fresh and flavorful. Nice seating on both patio and indoor space. Go!"}, {"review_id": "fC02hSD4S7w8bsc4kMu6hA", "user_id": "TCPLaprJm4FFei2DkW6K6g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/25/2017", "text": "First off, I spent a great deal of time trying to figure out just what in the hell Vovomeena is supposed to mean. To me, it sounds like the name of some badly designed budget-friendly economy car model from the 90s that was plagued with mechanical problems and ultimately had to be recalled due to safety issues. Unfortunately, I was wrong. It's actually named after the owner's grandmother, so that's that.We've visited Vovomeena a couple of times, with a good two-year gap in-between both stops. The place has both indoor and outdoor seating and is going for the café-styled order at the counter approach. Be warned that if you're visiting later in the day, they will inevitably be out of something - which has happened to us on both occasions. From what I've experienced, you're fine playing it safe with something like the Willcox Avenue, which consists of your traditional eggs, meat choice (bacon in our case), and a biscuit or toast - although it can be swapped out with a pancake if you wish. The plate also includes spuds, which are potato slices that are only very lightly cooked and served up in pretty small portions. However, everything is very good quality.If you want to get a bit crazy, go with the B.M.O.C., which consists of a waffle that's topped with a pork chop, two eggs, and a Portuguese donut. The combination is something that people will either love or loathe, depending on how your brain is wired. Personally, I thought it was good, but a bit too heavy on the stomach for someone like myself. I'm glad I tried it, but I doubt I'd order it again.Vovomeena seems to have its fair share of fans. When studying the menu, they clearly have a nice balance of both unique creations and traditional items that isn't overwhelming. Although I doubt I'd ever put it into regular rotation, it's worth visiting on those Sunday mornings when I'm in the mood to do some brunch experimentation.Recommended!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/vovomeena-phoenix?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]