[[{"review_id": "gPcYm-V3MSxWVNfIk8TEMQ", "user_id": "C-ObuoSf6iXBnc0MgAJBrw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/4/2018", "text": "Super and Liza our server is fantastic.Salmon was superb, don't miss out on the Deviled Egg App.The patio is really enjoyable this time of the year.Like the salted chocolate chip cookies as u leave the wonderful dinning establishment.A must visit when in the area."}, {"review_id": "gf8JVkAc8N6uVnCAqU3WMQ", "user_id": "CRcUnNRFD4bA9784Qr7pAA", "rating": 1.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "Been meaning to post this sooner but it's been a busy week but because of our horrible experience I had to make sure I document it. My friends and i came here after the movies on Sunday. We decided to sit at the bar. Right away we we're asked what we wanted for drinks. Considering we literally just sat down we all replied water. As we decided on our drinks it took the bartender another 15 mind to ask if We decided on drinks. We ordered drinks and then waited another 15mins. My friend literally had to wave his hand (though she was right in front of us) to get her attention. We ordered appetizers. Ceviche and the guacamole. We got the ceviche quick but it literally had two pieces of shrimp. Then we had to wait another 20mins (also had to remind them about it) for the guacamole and when it came out it looked like fake, processed filled with preservatives, like the store kind that are in tubs. Absolutely disgusting. We all decided to leave and go somewhere else. Never again will we be visiting this establishment. Such a shame as their patio is great but man they need to work on customer service AND make quality food."}, {"review_id": "GhYdcO-QU6WP5pahCZDxAw", "user_id": "11fMGznq2lll0tDvCwoeNA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/10/2018", "text": "I've now gone here twice and have some mixed feelings about my experience.  Overall, this place definitely has some good factors, but they're missing some consistency.  For example, both waitresses I had recommended the short ribs.  I had them in their tacos during my 1st visit and have to admit they weren't my favorite.  If anything, they should be recommending their Colcannon Potatoes to everyone.  Some of the best mashed potatoes I've ever had.  If these don't come with your food, order a side of them!The Chelsea's Cheeseburger was decent.  Be aware that the french fries have a strong BBQ seasoning on it.  Picture the flavor of BBQ Lays.The patio is really nice as long as it's not too hot.  Get there early if you want to sit outside.Don't forget to grab a cookie on your way out.  Beware of the little crystals on them...they're salt, not sugar.  If you like salty sweet, these will be right up your alley.  Plus, they're free!You need to try their red velvet cake.  I hate frosting, but I eat every ounce of this cream cheese frosting.  So well balanced and a good density!"}, {"review_id": "0B2VeeN38BW8t7FSdcnZ7Q", "user_id": "QwbRmiOiNGQR23uvEkW_ww", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/10/2018", "text": "Chelsea's is consistently delicious, professional, and a great place to dine. The food here is hearty and flavorful, even the cornbread is so much more than what you'd think it would be. Every time I come to Chelsea's I get the Kale Salad in some format- either as a meal or as a side. It's so fresh, tasty, light, and filling. The short rib tacos are also a favorite of mine. The tiny tortillas are always perfect and it's the perfect amount of food for the price attached to it. Yesterday was the first time we tried the bean burger, which completely fell apart after the first bite. Unfortunately then it was eaten with a fork, but the flavor was good and the cashew cheese spread is a nice touch. Service here has never been bad. There is typically a wait, but you forget about that once you get to sit, relax, and eat such flavorful food in a comfortable atmosphere."}, {"review_id": "eBEX2kTH-v24cWrEJ3228g", "user_id": "8mypN_sMTC59kC1sZfjnzA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Wow! What an incredible visit to Chelsea's Kitchen! First of all, you MUST try the deviled eggs! OMG the best eggs ever!Matt S. was our sever & he not only had a great attitude, he gave a great recommendation of how to dress up my veggie burger just rightwith a side of ridiculous French fries- the best I've had!! Highly recommend this place & be sure to ask for Matt This was my first time here & I will be back!!"}, {"review_id": "Y4-2i-q0mLZ_Hs9XZozhYg", "user_id": "wTfb2nfzPIyFcYQArdPtuQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/3/2018", "text": "I first went to Chelsea's Kitchen with my dad. As I've said many times, my dad lives for the latest and greatest in fine dining and this time he picked Chelsea's Kitchen.CHELSEA'S KITCHENChelsea's Kitchen is owned by parent company LGO Hospitality.The name \"La Grande Orange\" (LGO) was inspired by the creators looking through historical books on Southern California.A pictorial review of the vast citrus groves that provide the United States with much of it's fruit were always part of California. Inspired by that piece of Americana, they pay reverence to those good times, positive vibes, and winning spirit.LGO Hospitality includes, The Misfit, LGO Grocery & Pizzeria, Chelsea's Kitchen, LGO Café, The Luggage Room, Ingo's Tasty Food, Ingo's Tasty Diner, LGO Bake Shop, Grateful Spoon Gelato, and Buck & Rider.THE STORY & SERVICE EXPERIENCEMy dad and I were seated at a lovely table on the patio. My only complaint about the patio is the amount of leaves that fall into the food and drinks, but hey, that's not really a problem, is it?We ordered some drinks. I tried the Diego Rivera, which was Frida Kahlo Blanco Tequila, Grapefruit juice, and fresh Thyme. Nom Nom Super Yummy!I had the paella and my dad had the daily catch. OMG my paella was YUMMY and HUGE! My meal included an extremely generous portion of seafood and fresh sausages.The staff has been WELL selected, which speaks to the professionalism of the management.The staff was not OVERLY friendly, which I appreciated, and they had their timing down; always around when we needed something, yet not hovering either.CONCLUSIONI had an incredible meal and pleasant stay at Chelsea's Kitchen.I will definitely be back!5/5 RECOMMENDOF NOTE*Parking is a bit hectic. We used the Valet.*For more information: chelseaskitchenaz.com"}, {"review_id": "N2DgFn9Fha3EQDXvDYkRiA", "user_id": "hZtc9ARVP0XiVIickBrPpw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/17/2018", "text": "Well, we wanted to sit on the back patio.  You see, being hearing impaired, a crowded dining room is just a horrendous cacophony of sound, none of it understandable.  I wish more restaurants got this.Anyway, walked to Chelsea's as it's in my neighborhood.  At 7:30 on a Friday, they were booming, even feeding people on the front patio!  For me, that is just weird, dining in front of starving people waiting for a table.  Daughter went to the hostess, and requested a patio table.  The curt response was, \"First Available, one hour wait\".  Sheesh, not very inviting.We wove our way to the back patio and tried to get near the bar, after about a ten-minute wait, I was next in line and my daughter calls me to turn around, a waiter had stopped to take their drink order.  That was super-nice, but I knew it meant another ten minutes easy, since he had to go back, put in the order, serve and clear tables and get our drinks back to us.  I would have preferred to simply order myself at the bar, but whatever, they had already started.  I have to say, the servers here do not reflect the attitude of the hostess and the guy that got our drinks picked up an easy big tip for that.Eventually, we were called to our table, smack-dab in the middle of the cacophony.  Christina, our server, quickly appeared, made sure our drinks were updated, made some recommendations and left us to decide.  I was interested in the Chicken Nachito's, having stared hungrily at a woman eating them in the bar area for like, 20 minutes. (sorry panama-hat lady).  I was confused by the menu description, \"Chicken or Green Chile\".  Christina assured me that they could do both, and in fact, suggested that I try the short-rib meat too.Damn, that girl was on her game.  I went with her suggestion, and it was killer.  First daughter had the Nachos, but with almond-cheese (gak!) - it's a vegetarian thing.  Second daughter had the veggie burger and wife had some sort of salad, and some of my Nachito's, which I was in the process of scarfing.  This was a portion so huge, that I took half of it home, and just finished it, with some of that green-chile cheese dip from Hopdoddy's poured over it.  Super tasty.  I highly recommend the Nachitos, bag the chicken and go for the short-rib meat.  Tasty, crunchy, cheesy, fresh guacamole, sliced fresh jalapenos, it is indeed a meal in itself.Service made this visit exceptional, I didn't get the server's name on the back patio that served us drinks, but thanks for going the extra mile!  Christina was exceptional, friendly, accommodating, timely - everything a server should be - thank you Christina for making the night!"}, {"review_id": "ysWydIYR-IqYTEmSpk36LA", "user_id": "WjPLEr26Y0nW_ZtCEymnDw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/5/2018", "text": "I loved this place! Great location, food, and service! We started with the chicken nachos and they were HUGE! Loaded with cheese, chicken, sour cream, guacamole, and jalapeños.. so good!  I guess I decided to stick with the Mexican theme and got the short rib tacos. They were AMAZING. I really liked these tacos because they gave you the meat, a kale and quinoa salad with grapes (yum), pico, and guacamole all on a plate and the tortillas separately so you could build your taco. The tortillas were pretty small but it didn't matter cause the flavor was there and they were so so good. We ended with the pecan pie and red velvet cake and they were just as good. The red velvet was surrounded with cream cheese frosting and it was heaven. I will be coming back!"}, {"review_id": "rJoHuOePfLNPDr4LuYl7uQ", "user_id": "momSo8cyrBTg45SSg-JSzw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/17/2018", "text": "My wife and I decided to go here for dinner tonight because she seen a friend post a good review on FB. So glad we made the drive.We sat outside on the patio. Was a little chilly but the waiter turned the propane heater on and all was good. He even changed the tank 5 min later when it ran out of gas... Lol. No problem.I had a bowl of the tomato basil soup with cornbread croutons and olive oil to start. As tomato soup goes, one of the best I've had. My wife got the ribeye steak dinner. On the plate was all the ingredients to make a taco with a side of mini tortillas. I tried hers and the meat was awesome. Full of smokey flavor from the wood fired grill.I had a similar dinner with the exception of spare rib off the bone to place in the taco. We both loved everything on the plate. Including the kale & Quinoa salad. The salad just may have been my favorite item on the plate. Not sure it was all great. For desert we shared three scoops of Gelato. Chocolate, mint & pistachio. Surprisingly the pistachio was My favorite. It came with pieces of dark chocolate as a garnish. Which I have come to enjoy as an adult... the chocolate was good and the mint was made with real mint leaf. I would recommend cutting back just a bit on the amount of mint used in that one. When using real mint it's a little different. Oh and you can't end a meal w/o coffee. It was French press and hit the spot."}, {"review_id": "CreJII54C-g7I1jq_3wYmw", "user_id": "J7U2JFwC1OXWm6GxIRLa3g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/2/2018", "text": "The ambience in the back patio is reason enough to come here. We got very lucky with perfect weather last night to truly enjoy our outside dinner reservation. The service here is superb. Food was great. We loved the tuna tartare, deviled eggs and surf and turf. The kids really liked their kids meals of Mac and cheese and pb&j. Only negative was the Brussel sprouts salad which was flavorless and boring. The waiter noticed we were not eating it and removed it from our bill which was very nice. Drinks were good. Do yourself a favor and order dessert. OMG mint gelato is fantastic... they use real spear mint and red velvet cake is bomb."}, {"review_id": "dQJhqnLY8Il9eH9ZKo9jhQ", "user_id": "SojIRi6FIp1WaLGHSodZeg", "rating": 1.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "As soon as you walk in you are greeted by snooty hostess that seemed to be held there against their will. Correction there was no greeting just a discomforting conversation to attempt to get a seat. Once you get pass them you get a sense that this a hipsters restaurant with quinoa and kale. Who puts coarse salt on perfect cookies? Chelsea's Kitchen does! They were not edible. Fire your baker!Ordered the nachos as an appetizer....big mistake. The nachos were horrible. The quantity was generous but the quality was substandard. For my main meal I got the fish of the day; pan seared halibut. It looked presentable however when I took the first bite I realized it just looked pretty and lacked true flavor. It was so bland. It was accompanied with beans and asparagus. That was the highlight of the night. I ordered a mint chip gelato for dessert and I am not kidding when I say this it literally tasted like mouthwash. The service was okay and the patio area was very inviting. Aside from that they failed to deliver taste and consistency. This was my second and last time there."}, {"review_id": "rCynY8VScNPdAMUESkZNIg", "user_id": "wu9X1NOPhKKl8lgZ3vDpsA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/9/2018", "text": "First experience was great.  Food was amazing.  Loved the braised beef tacos.  The deviled eggs appetizer was the best deviled egg I have ever had!  I purpose to have a healthy lifestyle and they honored my requests easily.  Matt was an excellent waiter.  Place was jamming but the environment was calm and relaxing.  Beautiful restaurant and love the valet parking. Will come again for date night."}, {"review_id": "u08ZADbNA2YAnNoKJbVXGw", "user_id": "rQkml9CWX8rVwpkOFnrU_A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "The patio in back is one of the best in the valley!  Cozy, lots of seating, huge fireplace.  We love the outdoor seats at the bar.  You can't go wrong with the menu, something for everyone.  Small beer selection but always something I like.  Make sure to ask for the free salted chocolate chip cookies on your way out."}, {"review_id": "e9SgyFSmVOtFQFWN9hQ59w", "user_id": "t1s-VV6_sDeId_mdWNeoGQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/2/2018", "text": "Okay so don't go to any place else but here anywhere near Scottsdale or Phoenix. Hands down the best food around, came in for lunch before a baseball game and had to come back to try more items off the menu for dinner. For lunch the kale salad is amazing and served on several dishes. Order the tacos, you can't go wrong. For dinner the prime rib is by far the best prime rib my wife and I have ever had. Would have gladly paid 50 for the 33 dollar plate. AND DONT FORGET TO GRAB A COOKIE ON THE WAY OUT!!! McCall was awesome!"}, {"review_id": "IuWYjUnU99PcODDzZf4JKg", "user_id": "1yfGGySQd1rySENypK1KHA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/12/2018", "text": "We met our dear friends here for an afternoon Sunday lunch.  Upon arrival we had the option of using valet parking  (which was interesting because the parking lot has plentiful spaces very close to the door).We opted to dine outside where the ambiance is mellow and relaxing.  The trees cast pleasant shade and felt like a break from reality. We felt unhurried and pampered.We ordered cocktails which were tasty and the bloody Mary had just enough vegetables and spice.We selected  the nachos that were MEGA large and MEGA delicious.  We all shared it and an order of shrimp ceviche.  It was so satisfying that the only other items were another round of drinks and a hamburger to share, with oodles of fries. Unfortunately, a downside to sitting outside are the birds who hang out in the trees.  One made a poop deposit on my hair and on my sweater. You can't blame the restaurant for that!!On the way out, a tray of cookies was available to take a little dessert home for free. The cookies made me forget about the bird souvenir in my hair.  We will be back!!!"}, {"review_id": "2697YOfVcBSH4mErMCPDYw", "user_id": "LpqOueZj2CQjLn5dUDfyWg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/1/2017", "text": "I looooooved it here! I went for the first time for my birthday dinner with bae. I ordered short rib tacos and he ordered a veggie burger. The tacos were AMAZING esp bc they were served with homemade tortillas! Bae devoured his veggie burger like he always does. For dessert we ordered mint chocolate chip gelato which was super legit because they use REAL mint and high quality dark chocolate (which is unheard of elsewhere). After that, we ordered coffee, served freshly brewed in a French press. YES.The patio seating was perfect. I loved the cozy backyard feel with strings of lights and TREES. The trees reminded me of home. The staff was great too! They were patient, charismatic, and even snapped a pic for us! Multiple pics actually - because I kept blinking lol. I've been raving about this place ever since. I can't wait to go back!!! I wish we had one on the west side."}, {"review_id": "H5rhCGt5F1nRyaSAnJ5jHQ", "user_id": "CVLBMj5O9TJApZ1OYQOAwg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/6/2018", "text": "We love the veggie taco plate! We are vegetarian and it can be more difficult to find something we really love! The tacos come with massive sides to stuff them with, and there are so yummy! My boyfriend and I can share the meal and we both leave really full! If you have extra room, the key lime pie is TO DIE FOR! It's comes with sorbet and it's one of the most delicious treats!"}, {"review_id": "asxWhbMO4qGHazcgxFbpjA", "user_id": "j4-bLOJY9fK11pFzQdxxww", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/15/2018", "text": "Made my first trip here last week after hearing great things about it for over a year.  We were winding down after a 3-day business meeting with lots of out of town guests from LA.  My first impression was WOW!, what a fantastic location and a cool setting.  We sat in the back patio that has really nice feel and good overhead cover for warmer days.  I immediately ordered the Basil Gimlet and it was a great starter cocktail, light and really refreshing.  We then ordered the Chicken Nachitos as a so called starter.  This thing came out piled high and full of chicken breast meat.  It was great and a bit much for a couple of people.  You may want to split a meal if only two people share this.  It was delicious even though they could have been a bit more generous with the salsa that came on the side.Finally we ordered the Shredded Kale and Quinoa salad with the rotisserie Jidori chicken and the Smoked Roasted Jidori chicken with the Market Vegetables.  The Shredded Kale and Quinoa salad and the Market Vegetables were clearly the stars of both meals.  The Market Vegetables consisted of flaked Brussels Sprouts leaves rubbed in olive oil and crisped slightly with butternut squash.  It was really really delicious with great texture.  The same for the Kale and Quinoa.  I love a good kale but throw in some healthy protein and season properly and I may just copy it... and I have already with mixed results.  My only real issue with the meal was that the Jidori Chicken fell a little flat.  It wasn't well seasoned as I would expect with many normal rotisserie chickens but I expected this chicken with the fancy name and the word \"Smoke\" attached to it to be elevated and it didn't quite hit the mark.  I was there with several others that seemed to love their meals but I didn't have any of those.  I will return because of the atmosphere and the great service but I will avoid the \"Jidori\" chicken.  Definitely recommend visiting if not for the locale and atmosphere alone."}, {"review_id": "IgCY0fqT-6Brs7E27I2OhA", "user_id": "jNA2uEJuQ1yxOarNf-PuDQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/11/2018", "text": "One of my favorite restaurants in AZ, always great service, tasty food and drinks and beautiful ambiance. They also have a great happy hour and indoor outdoor bar area along with free valet parking. You won't be disappointed, come experience Chelsea's Kitchen for yourself!"}, {"review_id": "w4jardMIIzFILVZ-a56z1A", "user_id": "OuNHzBUaatejTsuhjMtnqg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/26/2017", "text": "Food here - pretty good. What bumps this up to a 5 star for me is the AMBIANCE! (Oh and not to mention, the amazing sea salt dark chocolate chip cookies waiting on your way out!!!!)Started with the Tuna Tartare - this was the perfect light appetizer I was in the mood for. The tuna wasn't overly dressed with soy ginger, and the guac...something about it was SO amazing! I think this was probably my favorite food we ordered. The lightness was also perfect with the white sangria - refreshing combo for the hot hot desert we live in.Shared the Short Rib Tacos & the Brussel Sprout Salad with Jidori Chicken as entrees. I think the short ribs were really good - if short rib is something that tickles your fancy, this is something you should give a try! The brussel sprout salad was just okay for me. No complaints, but I probably wouldn't get it again.Now ambiance - if you're going for dinner, check out the back!!!! I didn't sit out with all the hanging lights and I so regret it! Inside was so beautiful, but on my way to the bathroom, I got distracted by the set up. If I go back, I definitely want to sit out there and try so many more drinks and appetizers! Solid restaurant!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/chelseas-kitchen-phoenix?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]