[[{"review_id": "miHBd76QiCDVPUjFfgjg1A", "user_id": "eHKFHcKce8rFvw9HhDFKZQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/1/2018", "text": "This place was AMAZING!! It's been a while since I've been and I can't wait to go back! The size of the steak completely blew me away! I loved the mushrooms! Their drink selection is on point and the service is too! The atmosphere is chill and laid back. If you haven't been, make plans to go!"}, {"review_id": "3I8Lq0bNLwwc05YbYzUyLA", "user_id": "VcbCPMKC-TWyYvd6A3_8pg", "rating": 2.0, "date": "12/27/2017", "text": "First, let me disclose tonight's dining experience was our second attempt. Apparently, this is one of the only places in the Fort Smith area I know of that asks for reservations. Don't try to go here on a Saturday evening at 5:00 (yes, even this early) expecting seating without a reservation or else you'll suffer the belittlement of not calling ahead and offered an hour and half possibility for a table to open up. But, this time we called, left message, and received reservation. Upon arrival, I guess it was payday as the waitstaff was gathered at the host area distributing checks. I felt as though our arrival was an inconvenience as the hostess took us to our table. Seated and ordered, the food came out steadily and appropriately. Nice waitress but I was never offered drink refill. Now, let's talk about the food. Potato skin appetizer was pleasant in appearance but lacked flavor. Salad was served in a wooden type bowl (like the ones Pizza Parlor has on their salad bar). Made me feel I was at somewhere other than a nice steak restaurant. Baked potato was kind of under cooked and not really hot enough to melt the very cold butter packet accompaniment. Steak plate was oddly reminiscent of my grandmother's kitchen. Steak itself was under seasoned and desperately in need of flavoring, however, I must say nicely cooked. The biscuits are odd. They remind me of the biscuits found on a Chinese buffet...not bad, but just not what you would expect at a high-dollar steak house either. Great tea though!  Overall, too rich for my level of enjoyment obtained with nothing really special beyond the cellar dining hall. I was really excited to have the opportunity to try this much-talked about place, but, utterly underwhelmed and with feelings of value's absence, I don't want to repeat my experience."}, {"review_id": "4Qv-fRBKTW0mAc67HQlugg", "user_id": "XZs7jjo4Exa7Uv_xIvOK8g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/30/2017", "text": "We had a superb group dinner at Doe's Eat Place, one that surpassed my expectations. We made the reservation a few months ago, with the intent of gathering family together to celebrate my dad's birthday over his favorite meat: steak. Not being an especial steak afficionado myself, I asked around. My brothers and I settled on Doe's, sight unseen. Many warned us that it would be expensive and underwhelming. Yet this evening was to be a memorable celebration for someone who we knew would want to celebrate his birthday with a good steak, and Doe's seemed to be our best option.I pored over reviews and photos of the restaurant as we got closer to the event to more fully prepare myself and others for what to expect. The message was a simple one: steak is the focus. The appetizers and sides are few, pricey, and bland; bad news for this foodie. I went ahead and made a good salad mid-afternoon, so that I would have some vegetables that day, as the few on the menu didn't seem particularly appealing to this veggie lover. We were excited, but less about the experience at Doe's and more about surprising Dad and seeing family. I had no idea what a warm experience we were going to have.When we arrived at Doe's, we were escorted upstairs the bar area, which was perfectly sized to fit our table of 18. Our pleasant experience at Doe's was largely due to the excellent service we received. The waitress expertly navigated our different small family groups for getting drinks and appetizers on the table in anticipation of ordering dinner. She was quick and precise in her service, and as the night went on, I was more and more impressed with her. Kudos and thank you to whomever assigned her to our party. She went above and beyond to keep us happy, including finding candles and cutting the cake into 18 perfect slices and appearing out of nowhere to quickly wipe up a glass of coke after it went sliding across a table and splashing to the floor. Further, when someone in our party requested to picked up some of the tabs, she cheerfully and efficiently returned to combine the tabs and finalize payment, etc. Even if the steaks hadn't been so good, our waitress did everything she could to serve our party.But our steaks *were* good. So good, that the moment they arrived on the table, I knew we had made the right decision for the birthday meal venue. We had ordered potato skins and tamales and passed them around the table, in case the steaks were too small or underwhelming or the kids thought they might die from waiting so long. I'm glad we did that, but honestly, I think the steaks would have revived the kids had we not ordered appetizers. I'm not going to write an ode to steaks here, but I probably could have last night, when I found myself fully engaged in the experience of eating steak. I split an 8oz filet with my son, and tasted my brother-in-law's ribeye and my dad's T-Bone, and all were sublime. Not a word I really ever thought I would apply to meat. I've had good steaks before... and, *shrug*... but I venture to say that the steaks we had at Doe's were better than any I've had before. I'm not a total steak convert, but I am completely satisfied and pleased with our decision to have Dad's dinner there. We may have organized the dinner to make him happy, but it turned out to be a delicious and thoroughly enjoyable evening for all of us, a true celebration."}, {"review_id": "b5yPX5UlPuCklvjolxPyCA", "user_id": "DKffQpI1pSZr1-pYx9ux9Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "7/11/2017", "text": "Okay. Okay. Being from Los Angeles, it's hard to imagine such an amazing steakhouse that doesn't advertise as $$$$, PRIME WAGYU DRY-AGED GOLD BEST COW ON EARTH, classy, trendy, upscale hype. Doe's really did it for me in every respect.I went with my boyfriend and his friend for dinner around 5:30. They know the bartender, Trent, so we sat at the bar while they waited for a huge party that had reserved the entire bar area for the night. Trent asked us if we wanted some drinks, which we sure did, and he started whipping up anything we wanted. Something new for the friend, Manhattans, Old Fashioneds, bourbon neat, to list a few. He also made recommendations as I have no idea what's good or what I even like in terms of liquor. The party never showed up and we spent the remainder of our meal at the bar. Boyfriend and his friend said the tamales were great and since we were already maybe 3 drinks in on empty stomachs, we decided to get some... except WAIT, what do you mean HALF A DOZEN. We can't eat half a dozen tamales plus steak?!?! Little did I know, these signature tamales were much different than the ones you find around LA. Taquito shaped with the tastiest chili I've ever had on the side, it was a great appetizer. While the tamales were good, that chili... oh man that chili... We kept requesting more and they wound up giving us maybe 4 cups of the stuff.As for the steaks, we ordered a filet and two of the T-bones. The T-bones were absolutely HUGE. Prior to ordering, I didn't realize they came out as 2-pounders, and in my drunken state, I didn't care. Picked the loaded baked tater as my side (pretty plain, but how can you beat cheese, bacon, and tater?). The steak was oh-so-juicy and tasted like it had been dry-aged for a month. We had our dinner with a bottle of Roy Estates and Memento Mori, both on Trent's recommendation, the latter being a really, reaaaaaaally spectacular wine. We wound up buying a couple of bottles back home to have around for a special occasion.Great service, amazing food, one of the highlights of our trip to Arkansas."}, {"review_id": "HP6nqefPVR_moL3J3xjhXg", "user_id": "wB6c-Lu52-QRkJNshGk4Ew", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/20/2017", "text": "Had their 8 and 11 oz filets last night and the best we have eaten in a long time. Med rare was perfect and the taste was excellent. Had the fried shrimp as appetizer and they were lightly fried and wonderful. The fried biscuits were great also. What a great menu, great steaks and the atmosphere was just terrific! As a visitor, we loved this place. Thanks."}, {"review_id": "4vz0LzDxw4D0bug0VCCI0A", "user_id": "8mFxJfe6fGSNR-jkOyeEUA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "1/7/2017", "text": "Made reservation for the booth a week in advance for my wife's birthday, was assured it was available.  Upon arriving was taken to be seated,  not at the booth which was occupied.  When I stated that I reserved the booth they said sorry but it was already seated and asked who I spoke to,  (if you make a reservation ensure that you remember the employees name).Besides the reservation hiccup, our server Lindsey was top notch, and my wife loved her Filet."}, {"review_id": "Ie8H_T4k352kzBlm8Cb3hg", "user_id": "p87QsgIwvTbeHSwVPEsd1Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/18/2018", "text": "Very unique atmosphere for the Ft Smith area. It's a little pricey,  but one of the biggest best tasting steaks I've ever had.  One steak can feed most two people. This is a great place for a special occasion."}, {"review_id": "cE8U38K7sjcZjwa62puvpA", "user_id": "RYjpbJ-vQEmZ4nIMrYGOig", "rating": 3.0, "date": "10/17/2016", "text": "Okay.  I came here against my judgement and reading the reviews.  Because it was recommended to me 3 times in one day, completely unsolicited.  I'm going to say, as a disclaimer, that I worked in cocktail bars and have aged my own steak.  So I have some pretty strong opinions on these things.   I ordered the 8oz filet with red potatoes, medium rare.  I also ordered the billionaires cocktail.  They bartender said he was excited to make it, so I got excited.  They also have a better selection of whisky than most places around town, so that seemed like a good sign.  It was a pretty decent drink.  Not amazing, not bad.  I also tried the rooster.  It  was served at the totally wrong temperature, and overly bittered.  It also had an overwhelming amount of (shitty) ice, which was promptly corrected.  However, the orange was burnt, and the drink still had too many bitters.  But the guy was new, and short of making it myself, there wasn't much I could do. I ordered red potatoes as my side.  Hilariously, that's exactly what I got.  Three boiled red potatoes, in a bowl.  So, I guess I can't complain since I got EXACTLY what I ordered.  Still.  I was at a restaurant.  I kind of expected a transformation of the ingredients.  But hey.  I got some butter, salt and pepper, and made my own smashed potatoes. So... it all worked out, I guess.  The steak.  It was fine.  I'm going to leave it at that.  It was cooked to the correct temperature, so no reason to complain.  But again, I didn't feel like it was anything impressive.  Overall, it would be safe to say that I enjoyed my dinner.  But, I'm definitely not coming back.  Oh!  There was salad too.  Totally forgettable."}, {"review_id": "6QRrHd3_IpxOMTtkJByzQQ", "user_id": "sQGdb4bxqMfpl9q6VhH3AA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "6/4/2016", "text": "I went to Doe's with colleagues and thoroughly enjoyed myself. The atmosphere is, I'm sure, reminiscent of historic Fort Smith. We dined in what seemed to be a cellar of sorts and our server was very attentive. Now, for the food... The menu is VERY limited. VERY. I tried the tamales and I guess they just aren't my thing. The potato skins are nothing to write home about. Sides are also limited and the shrimp is, well...very basic. If you are dining here, just know that it is about the steak and nothing but the steak (which was excellent by the way). The only other food item that I enjoyed were the \"fried biscuit\" which tastes just like the Chinese donuts you get at a takeout place. You really can't go wrong with fried dough, right?  They serve them with honey and they are DELICIOUS!  If you are a steak and potato type, this place is for you!"}, {"review_id": "6-5tBA7ydIPjGCtE4VOKZg", "user_id": "UVZp31ifEIJQHmKdROHqrg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/15/2017", "text": "Tried this out last night it was amazing! Steak was mouthwatering. Fried biscuits,  salad and potatoes we're all good as well.  Fantastic environment and really neat story to the building. My husband and I shared the ribeye. It was more than enough for us both as well as our 3 year old. Great wine and beer selection."}, {"review_id": "4fetpJEVR10QAedO3szfhQ", "user_id": "RD2zYtDsj4SBtrreAui4pA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "7/13/2015", "text": "I didn't have any food, so keep that in mind. Anyhow, the actual building they are located in is perfect; I couldn't have designed a better building for a fun, relaxed restaurant and bar. They had a decent selection of some pretty good beers and the liquor selection seemed well rounded. The only fault I could see was that the bartenders and wait-staff seemed annoyed that they had to actually deal with customers. Granted, we did roll in for a drink 30 minutes before closing, but we were just there for a \"one and done\", no justification for the stink eye or lack of enthusiasm. I would go back for the sake of trying their food since they do have a great reputation for good chow, but I won't be their advocate by any means unless they tie up some loose ends and get it together."}, {"review_id": "uBjv_6EciH21B3G9dW0ang", "user_id": "8FoB_WU_k8CwuPlETynHkQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/5/2016", "text": "A couple of friends and I decided we wanted a steak dinner. At first we thought we had gotten lost because Doe's is off the main drag. What a place!  First off it's on the national historic registry. The beer cellar is an awesome vibe but it gets loud with more than a couple tables. Kudos to the bartender. We tried a couple of cocktails and there are some great flavor combinations. The wine list is comprehensive but pricey typical of most restaurants. The steaks are truly amazing. I had the ribeye and it was an amazing bone in cut of meat. The doneness was spot on. The flavor was outstanding and it truly ranks as one of the top steaks I've had in a long time. My only critique concerns the sides. The \"southern\" green beans were bland. The salad was decent. My expectation of sides from a steakhouse is simply a higher bar."}, {"review_id": "1bUOsX5xCxg880xsQQKZ3Q", "user_id": "X6E6LefFACY6r5wPVPcYqA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/23/2016", "text": "Love the atmosphere here and all of the staff are friendly, helpful and attentive.  The food is really good and you can't go wrong with the Delta Hot Tamales, Sauteed Mushrooms or Doe's Skins for starters.  If you want a great steak order the Filet, it is FANTASTIC.  The Rib-Eye is good to really good just not great.  The cocktails are excellent!"}, {"review_id": "H3ktEG9x6N6k7vz-03ry3g", "user_id": "yhthHQlRrCCEi2NkqJCnBA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/7/2017", "text": "This place is the best! I eat everything and it is delicious. I love these dudes. They rock face and take names."}, {"review_id": "kqp9_nGx1310hL_G1Bvz2Q", "user_id": "-rlIN1BFK65MyHWt_HhPJg", "rating": 2.0, "date": "7/29/2014", "text": "I guess I'm in the minority here but I didn't think this place was worth the trip we made.  I am in from out of town and my coworker and I were in the mood for a good steak.  From the outside this place is pretty cool.  Old and rustic it's former winery and had a nice feel about it.  Were greeted promptly by a smiling hostess and taken to the downstairs dining area. Looking at the menu, I was surprised to see very few options.  For each cut of beef they had one or 2 options for size and are priced by the pound which is strange.  So for instance the T-Bone was 1.5 or 2 lbs and $24.00/lb.  The Sirloin was either 2 or 3 lbs and was \"X\" per lb (I don't remember but it was $$$).  They didn't have fish, chicken or ribs so if you didn't want steak you're pretty much SOL.  They did have shrimp but our waiter basically said it wasn't good.The salad came first.  It was a small bowl and it came from a bag.  Now this place comes off as high end and their prices definitely reflect a high end steakhouse and they serve bagged salad??  WTF guys?  Chop some damn lettuce and give me my moneys worth...that's just laziness IMO.  The steak came next.  I ordered the T Bone, and it was low grade choice meat.....for $36.00.  It was tough, not well seasoned and just not worth the $$.  Again, for the price they charge for 1.5 lbs ($36.00) it should have been better quality.  I had the green beans for a side which were OK, again canned and not prepared well for what this place charges.They had these drop biscuits that were served with the meal which were a poor attempt at differentiation.  In summary, maybe I just had a bad experience and I don't visit Fort Smith enough to give it another try so I won't be back."}, {"review_id": "VmlDWQUXj3Xx5eiC5e8r_w", "user_id": "70RkAitRFulfxGjDOrFntA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/17/2016", "text": "What an amazing place to eat. If you enjoy history this will be an gteat place for you to try. This building was an old brewery from the early 1940's made out of limestone. Please note PLEASE bring you appetite, the steaks starts at 2 lbs... Great wine and beer selection, steak was cooked perfectly can tell it was aged and cut by people that know what they are doing. Our waitress was very knowledgeable of the building and the menu. First steak place i have given a 5 star too...."}, {"review_id": "VpbPByEjMdHKhNkWbRDl6g", "user_id": "VLfRt9-UmLqoVukTzdGyqg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "7/23/2015", "text": "The FSM location is in an historic building just off the main drag.  Inside has even more character than outside.  I give it 5 stars for the meat; I had the 11 oz filet and it was seriously the BEST filet I have ever eaten; the doneness was perfectly medium rare.  I chose the corn crab bisque to start which was chock full of both, light and creamy.  Every steak comes with a salad and a side.  I chose the house dressing for the salad - salad is not their strong suit.  I also chose the green beans; those were a big disappointment ... I'm sure they came out of a can.  My colleagues had the fries for a side; the fries are ROCKSTAR!  Each dinner also comes with sauteed mushrooms and spoon bread.  The spoon bread was light and delicious, the mushrooms were just button mushrooms, but went with the steaks very well!  Many of the steaks on the menu are gigantic; the menu recommends 1lb steak per person."}, {"review_id": "-86EajoTttahT7Ap-CRGhw", "user_id": "ujOPJEz_KxzAyZDnji-2Ng", "rating": 5.0, "date": "7/1/2017", "text": "Phenomenal! Stopped for the night in Fort Smith on a cross country road trip from Boston to Phoenix. Found Doe's on yelp and decided to give it a try. Ordered the prime grade 36oz ribeye. It was the best steak I've ever had. Perfectly cooked, tender, and flavorful. It came out with some type of very light seasoning that was very complimentary to beef, so much so that I did not need to add any salt or pepper. A steak like this in Boston alone would be 75$-100$, easily. The steak came with a salad, baked potato (very good as well). With 2 beers and a glass of wine my tab was about 70$ before tip. Also, for you Kosta Browne Pinot Noir lovers, they have it by the bottle for 150$!!!! Quite the steal. Again, to compare to Boston, I have purchased the same bottle for $225-250. The service was awesome and the staff was friendly. The bartender on the upper level was friendly and very knowledgeable (I can't remember his name though, sorry). Do yourself a favor and stop here for dinner. You absolutely will not regret and it won't destroy your wallet."}, {"review_id": "27Cpg-ZA2NgVHdATa0zbzQ", "user_id": "krz6KPtOMU4Z0cMCGaacCA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "6/23/2013", "text": "I so wasn't expecting to find something like this on a side street.This is by far the most interesting steak place I've been to in quite some time.  The entire building is made of stone, a former brewery (Knoble) built in the mid 1800s, that stays remarkably cool inside during the summer heat.  It's also pretty dark inside, but once my eyes adjusted, there was plenty of light to see the food and soak up the atmosphere.  The bar and wine list is pretty good, much more so than expected.Because we were told Doe's other specialty, besides the steak, were tamales, we ordered a half-order of those as an appetizer.  I can see why they were recommended.  Perfectly steamed inside the wrapper, they came with a side of the chili sauce that added just enough spice.  It would have been easy to make a meal of those.  Still, tamales and steak is an odd combination of specialties.  Skip the side salad, though.  Even with the house dressing, it wasn't that good.The steaks are in various sizes and types, the smallest about a half-pound sirloin and the largest a two-and-half-pound porterhouse that two of the people I was dining with polished off without a single complaint.  I have no idea how anyone eats that much meat, but after tasting my small filet, I think I know.  The meat was tender and cooked exactly as I wanted.  In fact, the front of the menu shows cooking times and color expectations for the various options and those were exactly right in terms of how the steak was cooked no matter what size. I still couldn't eat it all, though.  If I'd been a local, I would have taken the leftovers.  It was that good and I hate leftovers.There's a bar upstairs and also a patio so Doe's has made it easy to keep coming back.  The service here is absolutely perfect.  The staff made sure we had everything we needed and periodically stopped by with refills on the beverages.  They were never intrusive."}, {"review_id": "b6sfm1pbb4qdict2MbZ-1w", "user_id": "N2R-TeZb5Vpi7XRZ3hOaxA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/12/2016", "text": "My first time here. Ordered the Rib Eye. Come hungry as you will receive a steak that is massive. Cooked the way you like it, great taste, moist and excellent. I ate at the bar. The bartender ( Trent ) was very attentive even when he was busy with filling the Restrauant drink orders. He works hard to be sure people are served and satisfied. The whole experience was fantastic. Having a good meal, wine, in a building that was built in 1845 is fantastic. This was a 5 star experience."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/does-eat-place-fort-smith?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]