[[{"review_id": "lHc11DFsrReLBUBQt340Bg", "user_id": "tQu2YM1EZc6CMWPMtExkTw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/9/2018", "text": "It was 87 days ago that I heard about a fried chicken sandwich that people stand in a 2 hour line for.Said to be #thebestfriedchickeneverBut 2 hours? Yeah right.Until I found myself waiting in that 2 hour line...Here's how.Have you ever found something new, and then you start seeing it EVERYWHERE? There's actually a term for that -- the frequency illusion AKA the Baader-Meinhof Phenomenon.And guess what?THIS CHICKEN SANDWICH STARTED BAADER-MEINHOFING ME! How could a chicken sandwich I'd never even had before stalk me? Show up in my dreams and all over my newsfeed?How sway? It eventually got the best of me, and...#ImWaitingInATwoHourLineForFriedChickenI know what you're thinking.Ebony. Girl. #WhatIsYouDoin?I know. I know. But listen.I'm a foodie, andI'm on my local yelp elite committee.And...After driving two hours to Los Angeles. After waiting in this super long line.After taking one bite into #THESANDWICHI'm here to report to you:This is the best fried chicken ever.Better than Roscoe's.Better than Chick-Fil-A.Better than your grandma's. (Sorry ha)I would be doing you a disservice if I didn't let you know-- if you love fried chicken, if you love spicy, and if you love yourself - Howlin' Ray's fried chicken sandwich is your next move.Thank me later!"}, {"review_id": "P3-oU4QAtaochVra907Srg", "user_id": "UEnA9CmYlAEkyM78hK1-QQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Great food and fun time!Parking is not a problem.  It's located below ground and you do get validation.We went on a Tues and the total wait time was just over an hr. The service was fantastic. The guys from start to finish are so friendly and attentive!  They made us feel right at home. We were a party of 5 and we got to sit on the counter and it was non stop fun.   You order right by the door.  The guy was so patient.  He even gave suggestions on the appropriate heat level we should order.  (Greatly appreciated because I would've done some major damage)Food: All of us had the chicken sandwich; ranging from mild - hot.  I consider myself an avid spicy eater so I got the hot (you know not overdoing it).  Man it kicked my butt.  The temp of the steaming hot sandwich adds to the spiciness.  The balance of crunch & tastiness of the chicken, coleslaw & sweetness from the pickles.  YummmWe also ordered the shake fries with their house sauce (A+). And an order of 3 wings in medium,  hot & x-hot.  Whew, is all I can say.Everyone agreed the wait is well worth it.  And are planning on coming on a weekend to try the waffles with chicken."}, {"review_id": "tUGOfZYs1LjhrTz12RSJ6Q", "user_id": "ZgtXDyiQSN4g0feW2fihfw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "YES THE WAIT IS ABSOLUTELY WORTH IT. It's no surprise this place has a line out the door! The food is delicious, the staff is incredibly sweet and funny, and the good vibes don't stop! If you're looking for good food and cuties taking care of you, you need to get to Howlin Ray's. Came here with my cousin after hearing about it around social media. Yes we waited longer than an hour, and we'd totally do it again! We kept it simple: hot chicken sandwich medium spice, fries, and collard greens. The chicken was tender, flavorful, and packed a kick of spices. I can tolerate hot food, but medium was definitely bringing the heat. We were able to sit at the counter and it was like a party! The service there is beyond anything I've ever seen. THEY HAND DELIVER YOUR SANDWICH! They were sweet, and took care of us along with their other customers! There's no way I can't come back. Excellent work, Howlin Ray's. You really know how to keep your customers happy!"}, {"review_id": "q4ZgYyH-lGPjqaLiMBxSsw", "user_id": "11aM2nkWZxGcUhoK9mGXdw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "Well, I didn't feel the burn until the next morning and I only had medium spice! Dare I go hotter? Me thinks not.... first, how this fiery outcome came to be.A few months ago some fellow Yelpers planned a UYE at Howlin' Ray's but I couldn't attend. Then, their early morning sojourn was so rewarding they decided to replicate it once a month. In short, meet two or more hours before they open on Sunday (10am) and dine in the limited but rewarding counter and small table seating options. This past Sunday I was finally able to partake and while I certainly enjoy sleeping in most Sundays the early drive to Chinatown was worth it to hang out with my friends, including Candice, Massi, Carmen, Vince, Amber, Jimmy, Angeli, and one other intrepid Elite. The time passed quickly as we caught up and joked around with neighbors waiting. Frankly, I was amazed at the line. More impressive, however, was the amazing esprit de corps exhibited by the energetic and outgoing staff once inside. Their enthusiasm and periodic call and response shouts lent a vibrant electricity despite the loud interior and bad acoustics. Sonus speakers pumped in music and the masses gatnered outside to place and retrieve their orders, overwhelmingly to go on account of the very limited seating inside. Cudos to Candice for negotiating with the other early birds in another group. Why the inside is the pinnacle of the Howlin' Ray's experience. First, it's a privilege enjoyed only by the diehard early birds (our group in this case). Secondly, the staff make sure you have a good time and always have something to munch on while waiting for your order(s). I almost filled up on the seasoned fries with their awesome dipping sauce and pickles. Man are their pickles great! Friendly banter also included dramatic presentations when delivering food.  For instance, Jimmy's waffles got aerial dive bombed with syrup by our host and smothered with powdered sugar. My sammie, the custom (secret menu) Louis-style Sando with white bread instead of the usual bun joined the special order fries that put Animal-style to shame. Get this! Seasoned fries with chunks of seasoned white meat, pickles, lettuce, onions and Ray's special sauce. Day-yam it was delicious!!!So full... We decided to give the leftover fries (quite a gift too) to a homeless person downtown. While altruistic it was motivated too by the fear of spoilage before driving home later in the day in high 80s temperatures. I noted that the bag disappeared quickly enough from where I left it. Bon appetite dear soul.Would I wake up early, drive an hour to wait two or more hours to get in with friends again (and again)? Hell yes!!"}, {"review_id": "gvPiWUS3dHHxUqZEhcY6YA", "user_id": "n8YKNoz1xJHJDe-_jxfbcQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "Chances are, you already heard something about Howlin', and if that's the case, most of what you already heard is true. Lines, it's ridiculous.  Before the place even opens, there are more than 100 people who carved time out of their day to wait for chicken.  I was lucky enough to meet up with a group of fellow Yelpers & friends who have been in line very early. An hour before they open, the staff is already inside preparing many pre-orders. Don't get giddy just yet. Word is that there's a 2 months wait. And you need to order a minimum of 10 entrees.  Menu is relatively simple but enough to satisfy all kinds of hunger. You get to pick your spice level, from non-existent to your ass will burn tomorrow. I chose the medium, and can def go up one level next time. ( see my pics for menu ) I got a chicken sandwich w slaw & sauce on the side. This way, the buns don't get too soggy. I add as I eat. The spicy filet is big and overflows the bun. Great bold flavor and crunch. Also a waffle & chicken. One leg & thigh piece and their waffle cut into quarters.  It's def one of the better c&w I've had. The staff is super friendly, constantly making you feel they're going above & beyond for you. If you want a selfie w/ them ... make sure they see you, cuz they're cool about playing along. I like HR's and I would come back. But I have never had the urge to wait in line for any food, so it might be a while. Flavor:  4.5/5Service: 5/5Vibe: 5/5Wait time: 2/5 see comment about no urgePrice: 3/5 you can easily drop $40/$50 + on a small amount of chicken.  BTW:Be in line with a cool group of people. Endorffeine is a cool coffee lab across from Howlin'.  They pour great coffee drinks to fuel your wait. After the chicken, you can cook off at Scoops. Great ice cream shop w rotating amazing flavors. If you realize waiting about 2-3 hours just isn't for you, there's Chego or Bao Haus nearby."}, {"review_id": "0x3fEm1vu2zEPAmrypszug", "user_id": "h6HbVmgIY8WPa6LF9XyqQQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "BEST. CHICKEN. EVER.Howlin' Ray's is the ONLY place I would wait more than a hour and a half for (not even Disneyland rides). Their chicken is delicious and worth the wait. Trust me. You can get your chicken as hot as you want (country, mild, medium, hot, x-hot, howlin) but be careful because chicken here is pretty spicy!! My favorite spicy is \"medium\"! If it's your first time, I definitely recommend their sando. It comes with a boneless breast (your choice of hot), slaw, comeback sauce, pickles, and butter bun! This will be the best hot chicken sandwich you'll ever taste!!! If you're not a fan of chicken sandwiches, you can also order their quarter bird (breast and wing or leg and thigh), half bird (breast and wing + leg and thigh), skinny jimmy (boneless breast), and wings. If you're coming with a big group- they also have large portion options such as the whole bird and batter's box. Their sides are also delicious. My favorite is their shake fries!! I also recommend their collard greens~Their peach tea an lemonade are also yummy and mouthwatering. Goes so well with the hot chicken (and trust me, you'll need a drink). If you're lucky and come on a weekend (sat/sun), they also serve chicken and waffles. Definitely recommend if you're a fan of the chicken and waffle combo. I never get disappointed with Howlin. If it wasn't a hour away from home or more than a hour wait, I definitely would be here often!"}, {"review_id": "VIQQfdNWiFZgvxQNS4ODFg", "user_id": "QTeq4wLhXlN4Dr0obpLnbQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "Finally. I finally came here on 04/29/2018. At around six o'clock on a Sunday, I waited about an hour to try my luck at the legendary spicy fried chicken sandwich.What else can I add that already has not been said about this place?You know it's good. Hype is when people wait hour plus everyday for it. The owner doesn't franchise out because there's no reason to. People are gonna wait absurd amounts of time in line anyways. Actually,Rumor has it, Howlin' Ray's is visiting Culver City/West side? Who knows.Circumscribing their space to a small space in an outlet also serves as a grim reminder to their competition in that outlet that they're culinary gods, and they should know their place with the five or six other people.I recommend on the first visit here to order your sandwich on medium spice or medium plus. You will have fun and enjoy your sandwich. Hot might be a chore; and god forbid if you order spicy or howlin' you're just gonna view it as just an accomplishment rather than a meal to enjoy.Plus, the digestive process will dampen your mood the next day. It's the best fried chicken sandwich in the world - so far. Order it! Trust me! it's a culinary staple of LA!"}, {"review_id": "xF5NkQXGNdF9qh-EdDSP3A", "user_id": "fgkJ6KUlrmbKyLDQervxsw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "The hype is real! I've been wanting to try Howlin' Ray's for a while now, but haven't found the time to wait it out in the long line that seems endless. But, I was able to get through in about an hour on a Friday afternoon. It seems like the extended hours have helped spread out and ease the wait times a bit. Known for their Nashville spicy chicken, I've been told by many to get the mild, and medium at most if you hope to keep your colon. I ended up trying their chicken sandwich, Luis style. Instead of a butter bun, the perfectly fried mild-spicy chicken breast was sandwiched between two slices of toasted Texas toast. After my first bite, I was hooked. I couldn't believe that fried chicken breast could be this tender. I've sous vide chicken breast before, and this tasted even more tender and juicy than that. I loved the slaw, comeback sauce, and pickles that all went together so well. We ended up getting Mario style fries, which were a mistake in the sense that we over ordered way too much, but they were delicious as well.If you get the chance, order in and eat the sandwich on the spot. The staff is super friendly and has tons of energy. They seem so appreciative of their loyal customers that they spread the generosity with pickles and fries on the house to many of their dine-in customers. Will definitely be returning for the best fried chicken sandwich I've ever had!"}, {"review_id": "qoMv7mkpzo1CiefbQ_O_bA", "user_id": "3i1qKssMS5g_eJxN1HiHJQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "This definitely was one of my favorite places to eat while in LA! We went on a Thursday afternoon and it was packed before it was even opened! The line was from the door to the end of the lot. Fast forward an hour and a half later, my friends and I got our food. I was so full from breakfast prior that I only ordered two wings. Yes, I waited an hour and a half for two chicken wings, a medium spicy and mild wing. The wings had just come out of the frier, their seasoning is a dry seasoning with a large variety of mixed powders. LITERALLY SO SPEECHLESS when I took the first bite, regretted I didn't get more wings. It was about $3 for a single wing. I also got a chicken sandwich which I didn't eat until 2 days later and honestly still tasted amazing! I think what really made this place amazing was the service! The kitchen was pretty efficient, and getting orders out as fast as they can. While waiting in line inside for about 30 mins, the service was phenomenal! Although busy, the kitchen was upbeat and kept on going and having the customers leave happy!"}, {"review_id": "_mmD6B_3jIheyobgswME8A", "user_id": "jKukw1_ccUkGNTS2EUNH1A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "The hype is real. Despite waiting in line for almost four hours (it was a day they close early and before the holidays), I would come back again. Let me tell you why. Food and customer service is impeccable. More importantly, the chicken is fried to crispy perfection whilst being juicy with every bite. The hot spice rub sticks onto the chicken very well and doesn't feel like eating a bunch of spice powder. I think they fry the chicken and then shake on the spice so that it incorporates itself into the chicken without the powdery element. The owner is there working with his cooks and you can tell everyone is having fun doing their job."}, {"review_id": "mAupG1maxlEVwbd-M8CodQ", "user_id": "bEyTuuBrL6JRjgaP4nj3Og", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "Based on the reviews we were mentally prepared to wait up to 3 hours.Suprisingly, we only ended up waiting an hour and 15 minutes from the time we got in line until we placed our order. Customer service was wonderful! The server taking our order explained how hot their howlin hot sauce was and the side effects of the sauce. Since some of our party were feeling bold,she suggested trying a wing with that sauce to better determine if it was a heat their body could tolerate. The servers giving us our food were also great.  They were very sociable while we waited for our food.Our party was satisfied with the food.  I truly enjoyed my sandwich. The chicken was hot and juicy and not dry like most breast are. The mixture of the sauce and coleslaw was perfect."}, {"review_id": "UyNCCA-jQsztEiCuIWrigw", "user_id": "c-Dja5bexzEWBufNsHfRrQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "Song Parody #749Review 1,567Consecutive Review Month: 80100 Song Parodies in 2018 Review # 235.143 StarsShout out to Candice K for organizing group of yelpers. I will be back to Howling Rays.After my third visit I must say, this is a hot spot to see and scratch off your list of bookmarks.The breast meat was very moist and juicy, this is a key factor in my selection of fried chicken.Tender, thick thighs that go well with any side.Seasoned fries had a bit of kick to them. For me, it was heat, for others it was seasoning. The fries were not my favorite but pleasing to many others in the group.Far East Plaza has a bathroom, twenty-five cents. Parking in lot or on metered street. Plenty of buses in area. Wait time can be three hours. Lots of outdoor seating. In Chinatown. The entire staff was amazing. After getting my chicken, Julian told me if I needed anything I needed to let him know. Everyone had enery, was very positive, was effcieint from the moment their shift started.Song parody of Hi-Five's 1991 song \"Kissing Game\"Link to original song:  youtube.com/watch?v=vF3M…All of your tasteBrings me such pleasureI fall madly for this birdCause when I am Howlin'I see a Ray shineFor you and meThose thick thighs are so juicyYour tender breast, surpassYour happy way makes me smileFlavor to the boneThat's why I'm in loveAnd I can't get enoughI like the tasteI\"m feeling, when were eating at Howling Ray'sI like the tasteYou keep me looking forward a poultry filled SundayIt taste so goodWhether a leg or wingYou're in my dreamsYeahThis is our timeTo have such great poultryJust you and me Eeh eeh eehThis is my birdWho takes my heartThen makes anewAnd our poultry loveWill always be thereI like the tasteI\"m feeling, when were eating at Howling Ray'sI like the tasteYou keep me looking forward a poultry filled SundayYeahHow I likeKeep me looking forward to our poultry day, poultry dayYeah ah ah ahOh oh oh oh oh ohI like the tasteThe way that we eat babyI like the tasteI like the way, the way we eat such poultryI like the tasteI\"m feeling ,when were eating at Howling Ray'sI like the tasteYou keep me looking forward a poultry poultry filled SundayI like the tasteI\"m feeling , when were eating at Howling Ray'sI like the tasteYou keep me looking forward to our poultry dayI like the taste"}, {"review_id": "vsRNbsuPdk7nxv8WwkpQEw", "user_id": "T7b6NKAVz2XFrTiTXC--qg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "The sando!!!! With a side of collard greens and fries. That's all you really need in life. I get mild because I can't do spicy anymore but maybe next time I'll experiment with medium (which I've heard is just the right amount of spice). I'm picky when it comes to fried chicken so I'm happy I finally found a place that gets it right. Crispy at first then juicy and delicious inside. Other places get it too dry. PS follow their twitter feed to get updated wait times!"}, {"review_id": "DEMB09gS4Hbs3ts2UNwVEQ", "user_id": "jCsOjR-PuC1fDFBouQ9P3A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "The LINE IS WORTH IT! You have probably already gone through most yelp reviews and saw that most people are saying that the line is extremely long. Well believe it because it is true. I've came to Howling Ray's twice, once on a Sunday morning and a Thursday afternoon. I wouldn't come on a Sunday because there was already a huge line two line before they even open! :O On a Thursday afternoon they close at 6 and if you go during the last hours, the minimum wait is like 40 minutes.If you want the most accurate wait time you can check their Instagram account where they are always doing updates on how long the line is .  But enough about that. It's located inside Chinatown's Far East Plaza. You will have to either look for street parking or in the countless 5 dollar parking lots. I tried the chicken sandwich in mild and medium and both aren't too spicy. I would say mild is for those who don't really want anything spicy, while medium for those who want a kick of spice! The sandwich is very good! The chicken is also very huge, which is good for the price of 12 dollars.I also got the shake fries and they give you a generous amount of fries for the price of 3.50.The sauce they give you for the fries is also very yummy!One thing you will notice is all the staff here are always very happy and pumped to see there guests, which is a huge plus. They are also always playing hip hop music inside lol I would definitely come again but one hour before they close to avoid the long wait :)"}, {"review_id": "Rx1-3EgVIa3RKHzMWWhNlg", "user_id": "hQ87ZnXIhsF_B3ygXdQslw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "I can't believe I finally get to eat howlin rays fried chicken!! It has been the longest wait time for \"fast food\", well not exactly fast food, but some really legit fried chicken. Like most has mentioned , I did the pre-order route, order online 2 months ahead and just walk right through the line at my assigned time and they bring out 2 super large back bags of \"birds\"!! Easy peasy! I have tried come wait in line before on a weekday slightly before lunch hour and the wait was just killing me after 40 min wait, so I abandon the mission and just do the pre-ordering. And it's a way way way better way to try howlin rays. ( although I noticed they are updating their site and are not currently taking any pre-orders as of May 6th, 2018) here is some tip if you do order pre-order in advance. Minimum orders for pre-ordering is 10 entrees, get your friends and your order ready ahead of time and commit too whatever time slot you might get when they released the 2 month in advanced date at midnight sharp. I've tried couple of time and got online to try getting a slot for a weekend early afternoon. as soon as the time slot and calendar opens ( I watch and time to the seconds to refresh my computer at 11:59pm and 59 seconds ), there is just no early afternoon time slot avaliable but just 5:30 pm Or 6 pm, even though it shows 10, 1030 and 11 options there, but not able to select. And within 2 mins all the time slot will be taken. So just commit to whatever is avaliable and have a flexible group of people to go eat with you. And put in all your orders before midnight.Now back to the fried chicken, I have never had Nashville's style fried chicken, so I don't know what would be a best comparison to it. But to my limited fried chicken knowledge, it is one of its kind fried chicken and most importantly it is best to consume spicy only. I am not a spicy food lover, but I enjoy it a lot better when it's hotter than what I usually like. Came on a Sunday evening at 5:30, and ordered a whole bunch to tried. Especially their chicken and waffle, because it's only avaliable on weekends. So how can I not order that. Chicken and waffle- Must have! I went early to wait for my order and open all the boxes as soon as I received it, so the waffle is still crisp on the edges and fluffy on the inside. The waffle is very good, unlike bruxie in OC , it is a thick waffle that's soft on the inside, but not too soft that it is soaggy. I really enjoyed it. And the chicken meat, I chose for dark meat, so it comes in a large leg. The leg is soooooo juicy, and the skin are so crispy and well seasoned. It was a guilty pleasure for every bite I had. Spice level- I highly recommend medium over mild of you are light weight on spice. The flavors and spices that they use on medium are just lot more flavorful than mild. It is not just hotter, but more spices. When I have two spice level side by side, the mild just lost its bite and kicks and it's feistiness. You gotta love the hot chickens with the pain. Wings- I would recommend the quarter legs over the wings. The wings are smaller in size compare to the legs, although these are some hugh wings. They tends to be a bit more dry when you sunk your teeth into the meat. The legs just has much more juice. The sando- a great chicken sandwich, but I like the chicken and waffle better. It is easier to eat with less mess, but the white meat is again has less fat and less juice in it. They do have a secret menu called the Luis style under Sando on their pre-order menu. Which I believe is the toast white bread onside of their burger bun. Vinegar slaw- is pretty good, not too saucy nor too sour, it is a great side to go with all these spicy chicken. Peach tea and lemonade- you should or must have have an iced drink when you put in your order. You won't want to go back in line again for it when you are dying from the spice. It goes very well together with the meal.I do encounter the hype and the high expectation, That comes a long, and yet the taste still almost keep up to my expectation of being something unique and good. Maybe that's is the Nashville style that I have never had. It is a very enjoyable meal, but for the hassle and wait to go through for a fried chicken meal is debatable. Even though I went through the pre order route, the amount of afford of getting everyone together, timing the pre order online and just the work of organizing it, is just a lot of afford for a \"simple\" meal. Although I would do it again , only if someone else is organizing the orders or if the wait time is under 45 to 60 min. That's the max that I am willing to wait for."}, {"review_id": "AQk_QMNkcl69of9d5hY2LA", "user_id": "LoPukvaiiG01I6STvU2fYA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "So...I didn't want to wait three hours in line on a Saturday afternoon, so lil miss lagger (aka me) let her friends go first and met them at the store an hour later hehe. ~Getchu some friends who will wait three hours in line for ya~But for the rest of you planning to venture out here on your own, I DON'T RECOMMEND IT. Why? It's the experience that makes it fun. I personally hate waiting in long lines, but the only reason why it was bearable was because I have the funniest of friends. Goobers - every one of them lol. If you don't have a good group who can talk your ear off, the line will feel endless.Food wise, everything was OK. The portion is definitely bang for your buck and chicken was well cooked/seasoned, but taste wise it's nothing I would ever crave (I got the Sando, medium heat).PRO TIP: get yourself a bunch of hot sauce or BYOC (bring your own Cholula) to eat with your chicken ^_^Customer service is A++. They greeted us with a hearty welcome and provided a box of free fries with each individual order. Cayoooot. Overall, I recommend for the experience but I wouldn't come back unless my friends make me ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯"}, {"review_id": "xIhlaq9HV_IhsTgc5h2_Jw", "user_id": "N5PNT5HRoHpLf-qBrvjfgw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "So I've been wanting to check out Howlin' Ray's but I was too lazy to drive to LA. I hate LA traffic! Anyways, I'm so glad I got off my lazy butt and drove to LA to stand in a 2 hour line for Howlin' Ray's. Fortunately the time went by fast because I was with good company. Howlin' Ray's definitely lives up to its hype. The Nashville hot chicken (I got the quarter bird leg & thigh) was ridiculously good and salty (in a good way). The medium was perfect for me since I don't do well with spicy but I love it. The chicken was nice and juicy and perfectly fried. Fries were delicious with their dipping sauce. The macaroni salad was surprisingly delectable. The waffles, to my surprise were nice and fluffy. Another friend of mine got the Sando and she enjoyed it very much. Service was impeccable! Everyone was so friendly and they even check on you to see if you need anything additional. Even though the food was ridiculously delish, I don't think I can get myself to wait another 2 hours for it. I would definitely wait an hour or so though. I hope they will open on in OC soon cause I hate driving to LA. Highly highly recommend this place!!"}, {"review_id": "kN5t9EnBZ6YHZDpgb9-Ehg", "user_id": "RiyfftYb6iuh5S1lPrp7sQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "Oh wow was my butthole Howlin! My friends and I shared a Howlin leg and thigh for $9 and let me be the first to tell you, make sure you have either milk or ice cream before you embark on this fiery hell-scape that is the Howlin Ray challenge. The sad part was that the flavors were actually delicious so I kept wanting to come back for more. That was a mistake. Each time my mouth felt as if a million fire ants were biting my tongue. Yet it was pleasurable? I also ordered the sando with medium heat. I usually like to eat spicy food and this sando wasn't really spicy at all for me. I wish I ordered the hot instead. The flavors and the sauce though, wow. Definitely one of if not the best chicken sandwich I've ever had.Yeah the wait is usually like an hour or two at least but going once in a while or coming to show your friends for the first time is worth it. There's a lot of shops around and the line moves relatively fast."}, {"review_id": "pfXCL-dpEOhGWZePj9I7tw", "user_id": "tVb8ZNWJk42wMSAq9Hm36Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "Everyone always asks: is it worth the wait? My answer is yes or no. The chicken was very delicious but waiting in line wasn't too bad because we came with good friends. I think it will all comes down to how the waiting time was spent. If it was on a hot day and I was standing in line by myself, I would say it's not worth it. We waited in line for 2 hours so by the time we were to order, we decided to get everything we want and not care about the calories we were about to consume. For 4 people, we got a whole bird, chicken & waffle, 2 chicken sandwich, and 2 sides. Yes, that sounds like a lot of food but then we only had one chicken wing/breast left. Staff is super friendly and fun. It seemed they were having so much fun working in the kitchen. So if you have been following them on Instagram (like I do), they posted current estimate wait time on their Instagram story. Tuesdays are usually slower compared to the weekends. Just come with a group of friends and time will go by so fast!"}, {"review_id": "mPVpmvv-fuSF49EYNqumbA", "user_id": "CdKvRVLHbX3pokKhj96X0w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "With lines averaging almost two hours, Howlin' Ray's definitely has some good fried chicken that is worthy of the hype but not quite sure it is worth waiting so long.Everytime I have gone to Howlin' Ray's, seeing the long line of customers is a certainty.  Even getting there thirty minutes early still can lead up to an hour wait.  Especially seeing how small the actual space is, it is easy to see why there is a back-up to meet the demand.  Fortunately, according to EaterLA, there are plans to expand the existing Chinatown spot as well as another location in Culver City.  Hopefully, with more places to meet the demand there won't be such crazy lines!Well for the time being, the biggest question is that with such passionate chicken lovers still waiting for the food is it worth the wait?!  That's where I am mixed.  It is primarily a fried chicken joint.  And as expected, the fried chicken is one of the best I have had.  The chicken does have a nice crispy outer layer that is flavorful and full of spice depending on the level you get, while the inside is nice and juicy.  I especially love their Sando, their equivalent of the chicken sandwich.  Enveloped by light fluffy butter buns, the fried chicken mixed with the slaw and sauce adds extra layers of flavor.   I might also say that their meat is thicker and juicier than the other pieces.  The only thing I would say was just okay was the waffle.  Not bad, but nothing special.Ultimately though, the place is still only fried chicken.  And to wait for two hours is too long for me!  If the line were shorter, this would definitely be a five star review.The service is understandably fast and friendly.  The workers seem to understand the customers have waited for a long time so they are very good about making sure you feel welcome.  In terms of parking, there is a parking lot nearby but if you are lucky, you can get street parking.(NOTE:  I have a high tolerance for spice and tend to stick with MEDIUM.  It is the right mix of spice and flavor.  When you get their highest level of spice, HOWLIN' they offer gloves to handle.  I have seen people eating at this spice level and drenched in sweat and regretting their decision.  Definitely not for the faint of heart!) .  Overall, Howlin' Ray's is definitely something that I would highly recommend but beware of the long lines and prepare to wait."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/howlin-rays-los-angeles-3?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]