[[{"review_id": "IN8VxZLsT9yjUHvInwvVAQ", "user_id": "WzO699rNrSoNIUgXpV0WSw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "I got take away from this joint so I can't comment on the service or ambiance. Keeping that in mind, this place has a bitchin price performance ratio. Most dishes are less than 10 bucks and are very generously portioned. Most importantly, everything we got was totally delicious. The Pad Kee Mao could have been spicier is my major gripe (we specified \"hot\"). The Pad Thai was also so-so in my opinion but I'm not a huge fan to begin with. The papaya salad was a total standout. Great heat!"}, {"review_id": "or6gHbyoJ6AfZciPDoULVA", "user_id": "2knrJjUNxG1mRGsuVgjQpg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "3.5 star overall, I thought the place did a relatively good job with my overall Thai food experience here. It's a small but popular little place!!The food is searved togo but you can eat indoor or outdoor they have seating.I tried a few entrees and I most enjoyed the Pad Thai. All the entrees I thought they were pretty good, not my favorite but definitely doing the trick when craving Thai.I would recommend this as a decent spot but atlas I have other places I favor more & would recommend them first.Happy eating!!"}, {"review_id": "raA6Az1YX3eHeeOQqZiLwQ", "user_id": "-Mhf1w3CNTjAtinRVzvUXA", "rating": 2.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "It's ok. Very small place, probably about 4 small tables inside and then about 6-7 tables right outside their front door placed on the sidewalk. Problem is, if you're sitting outside, you have pedestrians walking right by you and your food...some are walking, skateboarding, walking their dogs which sniff at your table, or bike riding right past your table. And then there's the customers standing nearby anxiously waiting for you to hurry up and finish your meal so they can take over the table and finally eat.If you're dining in: place your order and you're given a ticket. You have to stand around and wait for a table to open up. Once you score a table, you give the ticket to the register and they'll cook your food.I will say that once you give the ticket, your food comes out, not all at once, fairly quickly. So most of your wait is during your hunt for an empty table.Everything is served on paper plates when dining in. It's weird and gets pretty messy.Service was friendly despite the chaotic atmosphere.Food was ok.  Nothing special in taste but it wasn't bad, just no \"wow\" factor.  My recommendations are the crab fried rice and chicken satay if you're eating here.  Pretty good amount of crab in the dish which is a plus and you can taste the coconut marinade in the chicken satay. The sticky mango rice was not very good as the rice wasn't as sweet as I'm used to eating.I wouldn't return mainly because of the seating and the paper plates. I highly recommend Supannee House of Thai in Point Loma instead. Great food there with real dine in table settings."}, {"review_id": "3HhWqUv9tXjfy3Hm7Yb-Aw", "user_id": "5zZjPC6lpIGf0ILxDu7Ztg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "Not sure what i can say that no one else has! This is my type of eatery:Good pricesGreat service Spot on chicken eggplant dishFor parent with littles, they have one high chair. Also, all entrees are served on paper plates."}, {"review_id": "jghTTk8yoVVdGUx78-PySw", "user_id": "FRX8EqJbpp53pMhodpKs9Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/12/2018", "text": "WOW! I have lived in San Diego for four years now, and have heard amazing things about Bahn Thai. But please, do not make the same mistake I made and wait to try this place! As a avid fan of thai food, I often enjoy a good pad see ew, but this was unlike anything I had tasted before. In addition to having fairly generous serving sizes, this is THE BEST THAI FOOD YOU WILL EVER TASTE (at least in the area). The noodles were packed with flavor, which you could even see before tasting through the dark, smokey color of the Pad See Ew. My friend and I also ordered one Pad Thai, and also enjoyed that. The serving size of the pad thai was a lot more generous, the noodles really stacked up like a mountain on the plate. But when I come back, I don't think I will be able to resist ordering the Pad See Ew because of how much I enjoyed it. The one downside is that seating is very limited. It seems as though a lot of locals enjoy ordering take out for convince. I can't wait to come back!"}, {"review_id": "dVC0dA9YGnEq6Q4kiHhRGg", "user_id": "WT4Y6Ji7LdY8TfjvmzU-EA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/10/2018", "text": "10/10. 5/5. Do not sleep on this amazing Thai place. Came in on a Friday afternoon and it wasn't that busy, lots of people ordered to go, but there was seating for us. I overheard a worker saying that they won't serve you  for \"here\" orders unless you have a seat already. Which is first come. Got Pad See Ew with tofu, no spice, and a Pad Thai with chicken, no spice. Can I say, you can taste the quality. The Pad See Ew wasn't as dry a other places. Every bite was covered with this addictive sauce and lots of veggies and tofu. It was super yummy and I can see why this place was popping. The pad thai also came with a huge serving and a ton of chicken. I think I would've ordered the Pad See Ew over the Pad Thai."}, {"review_id": "AQOcmThKOqWSYcZZJap1cQ", "user_id": "gS2WA7jiTQmDGMH0GlcKqg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/9/2018", "text": "I always skipped out on this place because of how packed it looks... but boy was I missing out :-( this place is super good!! I've only tried the mango curry and drunken noodles so far but I think just that is well worth the drive there.They have a wide variety of menu options with a lot of choices for protein too! Even mock meat options. Their spice levels range from mild, medium, hot, and lastly very hot.I was excited to try the mango curry because I've never even knew it existed before and wooow it's probably my new favorite! It's pretty much red curry with mango, the mango itself wasn't too hard either! It was cooked perfectly. The curry was super flavorful too and had just the right amount of spice to me (I got mild bc I'm a baby)... lol. Their drunken noodles were great too! And the duck we ordered with it wasn't dry at all. I was also was a big fan of their iced Thai tea! It's a bit on the sweeter side imo, but that's the way I like it.Only downsides to this place is how small the restaurant itself is. So it may be hard scoring a table on their super busy nights. Parking is pretty bad too.. but patience is key hehe because Bahn Thai is definitely worth it. Can't wait to come back to try their bai grapow and soups!"}, {"review_id": "2FsM1mm2LSYayIUYIpvGhQ", "user_id": "UfiGEp8owldl-K2y_0lhtg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/4/2018", "text": "Called and ordered to go (25 min ) What I ordered: Pad Thai ($9.95)| Pad See Ew ($9.95)Taste: Both dishes were good. Portion was decent. Felt like there was more veggies than the actual noodles. Ambiance: Place is really small with 4 or 5 tables and 2 tables outside. Parking: street. parking in this area is pretty tough."}, {"review_id": "x8-l3ycTyepZ248a-cwLKQ", "user_id": "jC9awmVbLNoiaKafedm-Sg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "Love the food here! I've only tried a few dishes and they were excellent. My favorite has got to be the drunken noodles with chicken. Although I wished that they added eggs in it like some other Thai places. The flavor is delicious and the spiciness was perfect. Some places that I've ordered a 'spicy' from doesn't taste like there is any spice but this place packs a punch.I can see why they are always so packed when I walk by. I'm glad I had to opportunity to try and will definitely be back to try other things. It's perfect to order take out and go hang out at the nearby park."}, {"review_id": "ctACzvReerV15i2mtL0MAg", "user_id": "Lfo_pI3BIK0R6tMCdMIiGA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/25/2018", "text": "This is hands down my favorite place for Thai takeout. Everything I've ever ordered here has been absolutely delicious. Pad Thai: This place has the best pad thai I've ever had. With the perfect amount of sweetness and pea-nutty flavor, it is the best with roasted duck. The duck is delicious. Panang Curry: I love to order this with shrimp, but it is also great with duck. Tom Ka Soup: So good. Get it with shrimp. The broth is so delicious, perfect on a cooler day. Or a hot day.The drunken noodles here is great, as is the Bai grapow, papaya salad, and roast duck curry. Like I said, everything is delicious.The parking sucks. I recommend parking a few blocks away and walking over. Unless you get lucky. The restaurant has very limited seating as well. Be prepared to fight for a table, or just get takeout like I do."}, {"review_id": "dHUZuBnNrDsjy-91LastNQ", "user_id": "zvQ7B3KZuFOX7pYLsOxhpA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/7/2018", "text": "I'm torn between a 4 and a 5 for this place. Maybe more like a 4.75.I'm running out of places to try on Yelp so I did a quick search last week for Thai food. Bahn Thai had the most reviews for San Diego so of course I had to pay this place a visit. I was surprised to find that it's across the street from my favorite Thai place Plumeria (aside from Koon Thai). Bahn Thai is more of a takeout place, they do have a few tables for definitely geared more towards takeout. They don't have lunch specials like most Thai places so their prices can get steep if you order appetizers. I do suggest calling your order to avoid wait time.I ordered the chicken yellow curry, cream cheese wontons and Thai Iced Tea. It cost me about $22 for all of it! That's expensive for takeout. Both the curry and wontons were super duper delicious! Especially the curry! It's one of the best I've ever had!If you eat your food there they just have thin cheap paper plates. I suggest asking for it to-go so you get the durable containers."}, {"review_id": "70tTzFEgd0zqqVwBpqrDrA", "user_id": "oROAo6T8EL4T8o2-na3X3g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "Tried the chicken pad Thai and the chicken garlic Thai stir fry, both were delicious! We got 2 orders of pad Thai and 1 order of the stir fry, it was more than enough for the two of us and we had leftovers the next day. Still just as good! One of the workers was kind enough to circle all of the dishes he recommended.This place is a hole in the wall, so be prepared to wait in line and to wait for a table. The food is served on paper plates and is amazing nonetheless. Highly recommend if you're in the area and are craving some good Thai food!"}, {"review_id": "s4dLoI5EPL9umPmYRX7AkQ", "user_id": "DoJ0YWSkCggHvfNloadCCw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/21/2018", "text": "This place is sooooo bomb!!! I've tried a lot of their dishes in the few times I've been here, the noodles, curry, papaya salad, and basil fried rice. I love that for the rice dishes, they give you an option of brown rice which is what I usually opt for. My go-to dish is the pad kee mao and it is so good. The noodles are so soft and flavorful and the beef was cooked really well. The portions here are also really big which is another plus. I personally didn't find their spice levels to be very accurate, but I also have a very high tolerance for spicy food, so that could just be me. The latest time I went I got very spicy and the spice level was pretty good for me.The restaurant itself is tiny so I wouldn't recommend dining in if you have a party that's bigger than 2-4. Parking can also be difficult to find since it is mostly street parking. I wish I lived closer to it so that I could go more often."}, {"review_id": "5dOgHW7Szi76QTKyLgovZg", "user_id": "HeiAMoNFdLDPrDoQ97VnPw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/2/2018", "text": "This is a popular counter-serve Thai place with the smallest interior you'll ever see, it only can sit 6-7 people inside, and maybe 15 outside. The menu is very small and simple, but it has the standard Thai items. The staff was good at assisting, and the food came out pretty quickly. I ordered the pad thai with tofu. If you eat in, it gets served on fancy Dixie paper plates. The food has a good portion amount. Although the dish did have good flavor, the noodles were on the hard side, most likely not being cooked enough. Noodles should be soft and slightly gummy, but it was tough to bite."}, {"review_id": "cmJd1y7OMz1gYxBTKB5XZA", "user_id": "m2JpS4Yjpy_nget3UwUaCA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/14/2018", "text": "Best Thai I've had in a lonnnnng time!!! Everything I can say is damn authentic and when you say you want something spicy, they definitely deliver. The roast duck basil fried rice was excellent and spicy as all hell, definitely recommend it The chicken drunken noodles were amazing as well with rich spice and smashed raw garlic flavorThe crab Rangoon's were creamy and delectable with possibly real possibly imitation crab bitsThe golden spring rolls reminded me of a veg version of my family's, the plump end pieces that are about to explode are Thai/Lao style to me! Super yumAnd the hit was the mango salad, wish I could get this all year round. Overall a staple whenever I'm in the San Diego area!"}, {"review_id": "lUhA4jYmbdGewYdtQNPldQ", "user_id": "ETKGwilmSHNfWiQK9iGUnw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "Sooooo yummy!!!! I'm a Thai food lover, so I've had this place bookmarked for the longest time and I was finally able to come and try it. I ordered their Pad Se Ew and it was delicious! I personally like a bit more veggies in my dish, but regardless the flavor was definitely there so it made up for that. My fiance got the same but with chicken and he really really liked it as well. Be prepared that parking will be a pain in the ass. We had to park way down the street and walk up, but it was very nice out so we didn't mind...I was kind of bummed that they don't offer lunch specials because I would have enjoyed something on the side with my noodles for a lesser price...For the two entrees and a Thai tea, the total was $25. Also, there isn't very much seating so take-out would be the best option. I would definitely be back when in the area!"}, {"review_id": "6_fJUjj0lAT118jxKkUVbQ", "user_id": "mhpYAlGuyDZa26GIAFflXA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/25/2018", "text": "All of the 5 star reviews are right! This place is delicious!I decided to order delivery because it was freezing and I couldn't bring myself to go outside, and other reviews mentioned how tiny the restaurant is so I figured this was the best way to go. I ordered Tom Yum Soup, Spring Rolls and Pad Thai with Chicken. Everything was fresh and full of flavor. The soup was piping hot - exactly what I needed. The spring rolls were crispy which surprised me since they were packed in an airtight plastic container. The noodles had the right balance of veggies, eggs and peanuts. I requested hot sauce on the side so I could control the heat level. I think my only criticism would be the amount of chicken - there wasn't enough. I can't wait to try other items on the menu!"}, {"review_id": "w6MBDRzOaFzWn7laEPtcIA", "user_id": "GoJqcClaRuPJ4mPmTylDSw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/9/2018", "text": "There was a long line to order and a long wait to get a table, as expected. And then they don't start your order until you tell them you have a table. Which I guess makes sense, so that they're not bringing out food which you'll have to hold and eat standing. But it just took a really long time to finally start eating.. and it was cold outside, and the heaters didn't reach the end table where we sat.. but omgoodness. So. Worth. It. We ordered way too much food but it was a great way to try everything. My favorite was the Tom Ka soup (I got it with tofu and no mushrooms) - the best I've ever had!! The Pahd See Iw came in as a close second, it was just slightly on the sweet side. Others in our group really loved the fried rice. The Papaya Salad at a medium spicy level was almost unbearably spicy compared to the other dishes we got at medium which were totally fine. The Basil Eggplant had a bitter ingredient that overpowered that dish. And the Egg Rolls were nothing to write home about, just very standard. I like the paper plates and plastic utensils, easy clean up. The ambiance is lacking but they're not out to impress anyone with that. Even though it's a trek for me to get here, when I'm craving GOOD Thai food, I'm coming here!"}, {"review_id": "0IFMOBTxiLWu-7dN55DsEQ", "user_id": "-UAaPZWDK_RXesCWZ0v-xg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "12/28/2017", "text": "There was a very long line and it was extremely crowded. We did a phone order and the person that took the order told us the take out time is 50 minutes so we appreciate that it was accurate. The food was cold when we receive it. Our local friends said it it is normally better tasting.We order duck curry, mossaman curry, pad thai noodle, crab rangoon."}, {"review_id": "HE3q71TIZUgk2GnCkQl-DA", "user_id": "9GvMfx6qN6RcWc2CxuVjTw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "Central location so hard to find parking space around, Small restaurant, no match room for dine in. The food is great every dish I tried was tasty,The Place is busy so ingredients changing fast and everything is fresh, there have some vegan options,And are working really fast."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/bahn-thai-san-diego?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]