[[{"review_id": "Ca8INH25fwIdrumdZZzclg", "user_id": "ryf4jg4g3xweyIjkGOY3vg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/2/2018", "text": "Yes, it lives up to the hype. Yes, it's worth the wait. Yes, you'll be craving it every day afterwards.Park: private lot next to the location. Street parking available. Back lot available on the street behind the market.Process: Walk in, immediately grab a ticket and wait for your number to be called. You will have one person that will grab everything for you and ring you up.Food: my favorite is their cheese raviolis! I LOVE their eggplant aranchini and the vodka \"pink\" sauce is delicious (so is their house made tomato sauce). Their fruit tart cheesecake is WOW. You really can't go wrong. My guilty pleasure: lobster ravioli. The downside of that is you HAVE to get a quart (is that really a downside?). Price runs about $25 for the quart of lobster ravs and worth every bite. Their cheese and meat ravs come in smaller portions but some of their specialty ones have to be ordered in the large quantity. Service is amazing. I believe it's family run and it seems like the people that have worked there have worked there for quite some time Tip them if you order a lot. They are really helpful and hardworking!"}, {"review_id": "OcrdyU3ZoyYq0yc9y3HXRw", "user_id": "KE8v6mZkoC6C-4E0jnN5Aw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "I had the Chris Combo, and was pretty good. The tomatoes herbs dressing, and the aioli are an excellent combination. And the meat is really good as well. Is a good place to grab lunch, and looks so familiar. Although the flavors are not the same, like I had when I lived in Italy, I definitely came back to try different things!And the patio area is so cozy!"}, {"review_id": "uGcreHzgvmeeBLhfrgB_ZA", "user_id": "QzKTkI5SBINgD7OZU1vQoA", "rating": 1.0, "date": "4/12/2018", "text": "My updated review: my coworker who had to pick up the food because I was annoyed told me that Paul had apologized to her and told him to apologize to me. Ok, that was that, he apologized and I never have to set foot in this place again it was a win win. Until I came to work the next day and he was sitting on a bench across from it. When he first yelled at me from the bench I ignored him and then thought he worked at the restaurant next to my work and I was friendly back because I thought it was a joke. It was not. It was confrontational and down right creepy. He told his friend, \"that's the girl who hates me.\" My coworker told me apologized to her, so why couldn't he apologize to me in person. Then he kept going on and on about how I just hate him so much. Look sir, I wrote you a bad review for a place that has more than enough good ones, everybody will take what I say with a grain of salt, your coworkers will side with you and say I was just being dramatic. There was no need to confront me outside of my JOB. I'm second guessing even posting this. If it had just been by coincidence that you saw me outside of my work you had one of two options: apologize or just ignore me. I would have been just fine being ignored because I didn't notice you until you started yelling like a mad man. And when I walked by again, pretending to be on the phone so you wouldn't speak to me again, what did you do? You told me to smile, you told me to stop being so angry \"all the time\". Again, sir, you chose to say this to me. I didn't say a thing, I wanted to go to my job, you wanted to be a jerk to a girl less than half your age minding her own buisiness who didn't even notice you. You made a choice and it was a bad one. No need to hangout outside my work and harass me. I could have assumed on day one you were having a bad day, but it seems talking down to women is something you do daily, not even on the job. I have a question for you La Villa: is this who you want representing your fine establishment? My previous review on 04/10:This place looks SO good and I wanted to try it so bad! The reviews are outrageous and it smells so tasty in there, but oh my god at the customer service. How do you guys have the BEST reviews but lack basic customer service or at least a polite attitude. I have worked in food and customer service and I know damn well that if I even gave half the attitude Paul did I would have been let go immediately. I came in to pick up food for my boss and she ordered half an hour before I came in. Paul couldn't even tell me how long he was going to take except raising his voice at me (!!!) To let me know he was making it then. Ok, so two minutes? Why couldn't he say two minutes instead of raising his voice?! This is Willow Glen, if you have any other person attitude you'd be told off asap. Angry and thanks a lot for ruining something that could have been a frequent place for me. My boss enjoyed her food, but she didn't have to deal with going in there."}, {"review_id": "aQjaaby-2m7M9ev5CxwSKA", "user_id": "h4V9maImHWJfFVN7pktuFw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/10/2018", "text": "Growing up I always hated ravioli. Maybe because I was eating that Chef Boyardee out of a can and never tried the good stuff. The life of a young slumdog slumin on the streets of Eastside San Jose was rough, but let's not revisit the haunted past, shall we proceed with this review... Ravs as they call it here aka Ravioli is to die for at Bertucelli's La Villa. You really need to order at least a 1/2 pint and judge for yourself. The sauce is key here, so authentic, feels like I'm back in Venice again and I'm not pulling your leg like that annoying kid Dennis the Menace...this stuff is damn goodzzzzz!?!Besides the Ravs, they also have a lot of ready to go cooked items so that you don't have to nag the baby mama to cook you a home cooked meal when you get home from work. They have lasagnas, herb chicken, stuffed eggplant, meatballs, Italian sandwiches, etc. So much to choose from your fat gut won't know where to begin!?!#Alert#Private Parking Lot for La Villa customers only, a really a big perk when trying to find parking in downtown Willow Glen."}, {"review_id": "WCeso2KF5hfSECqvBrBapg", "user_id": "WwmhbLhaFo6YSyBfuY9e6Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Love this place. They feature harder to find Italian grocery items and delicious Italian deli fare. They have a great family atmosphere, we need more family run businesses like this!"}, {"review_id": "Gc7nVz5nlAQPvKlNb3Lt4w", "user_id": "SB3ti6pzJ3qHfBCk5_pUSA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/22/2018", "text": "Located in the Willow Glen area of San Jose, this little gem was really good for lunch.This is an Italian deli, serving sandwiches and the regular Italian food. Reminded me a lot of the delis in New Jersey.  Food was good. I would return"}, {"review_id": "eZjE8nMqqMdKKseWD1xTqA", "user_id": "_uayOVCeU8TWxcuS_kaG3w", "rating": 2.0, "date": "2/14/2018", "text": "I hate to be the one to go against the grain, I very well could have just gone on an off night. Stopped by to grab dinner with my boyfriend last night. I had previously heard amazing things from a few coworkers and Yelp was overwhelmingly positive. So needless to say, I was really looking forward to diving in and enjoying some carby pasta goodness. Well first things first, the gentleman who was serving us was rude... not in a ridiculous way, but seemed to by annoyed by our simple questions and was very short with his answers. He didn't bother to even look up at either of us when we were speaking. He absolutely did not extend any amount of friendliness whatsoever. This unfortunately started the excursion off on the wrong foot and  (pun intended) left a bad taste in our mouths. Speaking of bad taste, the food was not good. None of it. We bought a quart of ravioli (I think it was some sort of beef and cheese filling) it was disgusting. The pasta was cooked well and the sauce was delish. There is just no getting past that filling. We also had a pint of rigatoni which definitely was not fresh. It tasted as if it had been in the tray for a day and a half. The pasta had a very gummy texture. Same yummy sauce, but again the pasta itself was a fatal flaw. Lastly, we ordered 6 meatballs thinking we would kill two birds with one stone and eat some for lunch the next day. All I can saw is that it was probably one of the worst meatballs I have ever had. I just don't get it. What is everyone raving about? Why wait in ridiculous lines for this stuff. No thanks, I'll pass.Oh and then there's this tidbit, turns out both of us had significant digestive issues the next morning. Other than dinner, we hadn't had any of the same food, so we know the root cause. Lost a star for rude service, lost a star for mediocre food, lost a star for making us both sick and causing painful abdominal cramps."}, {"review_id": "sEo2kqiql1k78akuD9a83A", "user_id": "sS7UeAjv2E1pb5Z9ty0XEg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "1/29/2018", "text": "I wasn't a fan of their ordering system or their menu board. The pricing wasn't clear on the items and how to order wasn't clear as well. The fried potato/bacon croquettes for example, apparently are ordered by the piece.. and other items are ordered per pint size.. and some items are weighed and then bought per lb.. not sure how their system worked but i did not like the non-transparency of it. Since the receipt wasn't itemized, I didn't even know the cost of things. 1/4 of a pint of mashed potatoes were $3.64 though since they weighed it and put the price on it. I asked about the pricing of half a pint of the beef ravioli we got and was told it was $8.64.All in all, I thought this place was okay. But I'm not much a fan of Italian food to start off with. The boyfriend was happy with the ravioli and while the croquettes would have been better if i had reheated them in a toaster oven for that crisp effect, they were good in potato and bacon flavor."}, {"review_id": "yTJ_VCKfuIaQiSiSGT65ag", "user_id": "G_x439KWSlNu_STIDub4Xg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/27/2018", "text": "Came here for the first time today.  Person who helped me was super friendly. I explained it was my first time, didn't even give me a hard time for missing the take a number in the front.... :)Ordered delicious lasagna.  As I ate outside on the little tables, I related to the the approximately 10 year old sitting one table over who said, \"this food is dang delicious, it's better than mommy's.\" Lol, can't wait to try the rest of their yummy looking food and desserts.Expect a to-go deli style place."}, {"review_id": "QxM14wL2vfTwF24YFIbNdg", "user_id": "RCm3Rr0s1SipViZJYv7RIQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/21/2018", "text": "There's nothing I can contribute to La Villa that hasn't been said already. Yes, delicious ravs that are a must have for holidays, yes the Chris combo is THE sandwich, and yes this place is always busy. Love all the guys behind the counter. Thank you for always taking good care of me :)For those looking for their ravs but don't have the time to get in line, keep an eye out at lunardis."}, {"review_id": "ys6f1IqTxtBNUw5nng4GcA", "user_id": "F_Bg8r2EzSqhaHlvfPDLgA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/12/2017", "text": "The Italian bread they use for their sandwiches is so good and thats the most important thing in a Sammie for me. I got the famous chris combo which can use less mayo but it's good to try. Next time I'd try a dif sandwich but still on that amazing Italian bread. I think their raviolis are okay. I got ricotta and the sauce/filling was a little too sweet. Antipasto off McKee wins best cheese ravioli.This place really takes you back to Italy too which I think they tried to do. I appreciate that. The service is awesome as well. 5 stars!"}, {"review_id": "MXJyuB0D7KDOkTaDcYWqnQ", "user_id": "cVX9uszVLZsERDcpa1jBwg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/16/2018", "text": "Incredible. I walked in hungry which made it even more difficult not to order everything. The lasagne has a unique sweetness to it that I haven't tasted anywhere and was really well balanced. I tried a bar and that was delicious as you could taste the fresh berries. We also had an potato bacon croquette that blew my mind.Definitely, one of the best values in San Jose - if not the best. I can't wait to try everything else."}, {"review_id": "TzsU9prc95GxaMyKqk6NCg", "user_id": "FniWTVlU1eE9dPEtlZJD9g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/9/2018", "text": "Had a lunch date with my husband here today. We got the beef raviolis, meatballs, stuffed bell pepper, and cheesecake with fruit on top. Loved the raviolis and the meatballs. It is hard to fine an Italian place that does beef meatballs (usually pork or mix). The bell pepper was just okay (maybe because they microwaved it...oven would have been better). Finally the cheesecake was pretty yummy. I have heard the tiramisu is pretty good but can't speak to it. We went at 11:40 and it was packed so be ready to wait and don't forget to pick a number (don't just stand in line). We will be back for sure!"}, {"review_id": "UwgGObRxDanRYJqfS6_qOQ", "user_id": "o5N3kGbZs242XKfqnQbNbw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "11/11/2017", "text": "Get here early in the morning so that you can avoid them lunch crowds and space is very limited standing room only. Need to sit down just take your food out by the patio where there's plenty of seats and they do provide parking space for its patrons. When coming in take a number and they will call just get your order ready.  Staff very friendly like a family run business. Don't come in any later or else you get caught in a mass confusion. They need to include the price of their pastries and other products which aren't even listed on their menu. Their sandwiches are bit pricy, but they were generous by adding so much pastrami, lettuce, onions and pickles I save it for snack. Unfortunately I won't be coming back everything they have listed is so overpriced and so overated to say the least."}, {"review_id": "_n9Os_kyoFy8tJcYXHf6BQ", "user_id": "4mlo-ziclsvI07G-fmNNcA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/13/2017", "text": "This place is a treat. You have got to come here for lunch, even if it's out of the way!The death sandwich, lasagna, and raviolis were on point!"}, {"review_id": "rh2-PdPisFlQvM7OIZpNLw", "user_id": "kRuWwQXr10dStEfklwV4yg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "Absolute favorite! Friendly staff and amazing food. I pick up food from here at least once a week and it's consistently top notch!"}, {"review_id": "t2AdHTOe44zM1gf026Y5qQ", "user_id": "iuqXV-puBMppS0DLwzfEXg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/29/2017", "text": "I had La Villa bookmarked for a few months and finally decided to go last Saturday. I arrived at 11:45 am and there were already a large amount of people in the tiny store. I am glad that the previous reviewers had indicated to grab a ticket, or else I would have mindlessly been standing there. The ambiance is very casual and they have small tables out back. I would try to go early to beat the rush, but I suspect that La Villa is always crowded. I would definitely come back to La Villa again to try their sandwiches and other offerings , but with an iron will to stick to a few items. Read more on this below. Prior to going to La Villa, I took a look at all of their offerings in the chance that I would not have time to ooh and aah at the glorious food at the store. You would think that La Villa is on the cheaper side. It is if you have an iron will power and only buy a sandwich, or a pint of ravioli. However, if you are like me, going to the grocery store or a restaurant is akin to going to the mall. I want to buy everything!I unfortunately cannot. So if I am interested in a lot of items, I need to analyze the food to see what choices will give a good well rounded representation of their flavors. I was good and lowered down my items to a pint of ravioli, a single teenie weenie potato croquet (size of a quarter), a meat arancini and desserts: tiramasu, a cannoli, and a sfogliatelle. Did you think I ate all of this myself? Of course I shared it with my family. :)Cheese Ravioli- La Villa is known for their Ravs. The cheese ravioli is made from a combination of cheeses. They were so pillowy soft! Dreams are made of these, who am I to disagree... The wrapper to filling ratio is perfect. However, their sauce leaves a lot to be desired. It was lighter and sweeter and clashed against the natural sweetness of the cheese inside the ravioli. The dish would have been wonderful if the sauce had more salt and seasoning. I am interested in trying their meat raviolis to see if that will do the trick.Meat Arancini- The arancini ball is huge ( about the size of a baseball). The rice and cheese are fried so that the outside is slightly crispy.The inside contains some peas and beef.  Delicious!! I found myself becoming so full from just a few bites. I would get this again.Tiramasu- The tiramasu was amazing!! The ladyfingers are soaked in the right amount of strong espresso. Often times, they are soaked in too much and the espresso makes the dessert a soppy mess. Their sugar, mascarpone, egg yolk, and milk were blended into a lovely fluffy consistency. The ladyfingers were still a little icy, which gave an interesting light crunch to the overall soft dessert. Maybe next time, I will order two. Sfogaliatelle-  This is a baked pastry that is filled with soft ricotta cheese, and candied orange peels. I defrosted it and consumed raw uncooked sfogaliatelle. They neglected to mention that this needed to be baked. I had to find this out for myself, as I wondered why the dough tasted like thin strips of bubble gum. The good thing that came out of it was that the filling tasted like Christmas. Mmm. I am interested in trying out sfogaliatelle in other establishments, but will never be getting it from La Villa again.Cons:My bill came out to be $30. La Villa is not a place you can go to for cheap eats.Everything adds up.My biggest pet peeve is that they are not transparent in what each item is priced at on their menu, nor while ringing you up at the register. Their menu board is written in smudged chalk and it is hard to read. When I was being rung up, they didn't even tell me what item they were billing, which would have been nice, given that you can't calculate the pricing using the menu board.When I ordered the sfogliatelle, the guy didn't even know what it was and had to ask someone else. He said that it was frozen and took a good 15 minutes digging around in the back for it, before I had it boxed. They also did not know off the top of their head what the pricing for the item was. Really? It is advertised on your website and has the price there. You should remove it from your website if it is not a popular item and if you don't even know it is in your store. I immediately regretted ordering this after they were confused on where and how much it cost, but I decided to just try it out."}, {"review_id": "ACx7k15BFlLY6SOmvqp27w", "user_id": "6WFDEpcLovVjzgm9wbx19A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/11/2017", "text": "Upon entering my boyfriend and I were overwhelmed by the number of people who seemed to be standing in line in this small mom and pop grocery store/deli but don't wait, grab a ticket!!! I have had this place bookmarked for a while and I finally got the chance to come here on a Friday afternoon! What you do when you enter is grab a ticket and decide what you want to order. Once they call your number head to the register and order! We ordered the:-beef lasagna: meaty, delicious, saucy and the noodles are so soft that they melt in your mouth!!-calzone (Friday special): eh, my boyfriend described it as too sandwich bread like and not like pizza dough. It was meaty but the dough needed work. I would skip it.-the famous Chris Combo sandwich: OMG. My boyfriend the self proclaimed sandwich connoisseur was in love! He has tried so many sandwiches and the flavors and combo of this sandwich was out of this world! Even I liked it and I don't usually care for sandwiches. Too bad all the ingredients are a secret! The Chris combo is not even on the menu!-a quart of the their beef ravioli: as much was I wanted to give this 5 stars, I don't think that the ravioli had enough beef in them or any beef at all? The ravioli is supposed to be a mix of ricotta, beef, and spinach. All I could taste was the cheese. If it wasn't for the meaty marinara (which wasn't that meaty either) I wouldn't think this was beef ravioli. However the texture and the dough was so good. Warm soft pillows of love I tell you!! I'm still not sure if I got the cheese or beef ravioli.-Caesar salad: good side to all the food but a little pricey Have a seat outside and do yourself a favor and DON'T wear white!!! Will definitely come back here for some of their ingredients for when I make homemade pizza!!! Too bad they ran out of those deep fried mac n cheese balls but maybe it was for the best ;P I am supposed to be dieting after all.. LOL"}, {"review_id": "zXHl8diDyVCgdxJoMv0OAA", "user_id": "C8iQH-v_E44UMSAiuqPGaw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/18/2017", "text": "Oh. My. Goodness. I just ate the best ravioli I've ever had in my life. And I've been to Italy. I got a pint of the ricotta ravioli and some garlic bread for about $10. The ravioli literally melts in your mouth. It's so soft and then you bite into it and get a gush of ricotta. It's covered in a delicious tomato based pasta sauce. My only regret is that I didn't come here sooner. I've had this place bookmarked for three years. I can't wait to go back and try everything on their menu!! Especially looking forward to lobster ravioli. Tip: the first thing you should when you get in the store is grab a number. We didn't know that so we fell in what we thought was a line and realized ten minutes in that it wasn't lol! So yeah, grab a number. Then they call your number when it's your turn to be order/pay. Seating is outdoors only."}, {"review_id": "YzDWYRWOpQZeMpIBxCoklg", "user_id": "doB0nMVbQ0olYQbH0mLhTw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "LOVE IT!  Ravioli is amazing. Sauce is really good. Meatball sandwich and rice balls are good too"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/bertucellis-la-villa-san-jose?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]