[[{"review_id": "BelW7aR5JyS0wTM5PTjyew", "user_id": "TALOW7v8EnuRiK2NxrJrfg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "Arrived at 11:42am on a saturday, they open at 12.  There were about 4 families ahead of us in line, by 11:50 the line was backed up by maybe 20 more families.  We arrived in perfect time, there was no wait!  Seeing a lot of people line up in front of a restaurant always gives me high hopes for good food, and I must admit this food was GOOD, its well worth the wait if you are stuck in a line. We ordered: 1. Meatball Gigante (limit 25 per day / blend of veal, pork and beef)-There are 4 different sauces you can try with this appetizer and we decided to get the wild mushroom, pancetta, cream sauce (it's a white sauce, surprisingly very light, but packed full of flavor) ... This was my personal favorite part of our whole meal. TIP: If you have extra sauce left, use it to dip your crust in later! lol The sauce alone is amazing. 2. Sausage and Stout Pizza (Limit 23 per day the dough is madewith honey malted stout beer)-I must admit, the flavor and overall creativity of this pizza is very impressive.  The sausage is amazing, the balsamic gives it a kick, the caramelized onions are fantastic, but the taste that stands out the most is that dough.  You can definitely taste the beer, and it gives it such an interesting taste.  This pizza is a bit more dry, it doesn't really have any sauce on it.  I definitely think it was worth the try.  I enjoyed it, but the taste and lack of sauce made this pizza a bit dry for me.  I'm not sure how to describe it.  It's very good, but I think i'd only order it once because compared to the next pizza we tried, now that was 10/10 fantastic.3. Coal Fired New Yorker Pizza (gold medal winner las vegas 2013)- I LOVED this pizza, my favorite part about it was the swirls of Ricotta cheese, it gave the pizza a semi-sweetness to each bite.  The sausages are so big and cooked to crispy perfection.  The pepperoni have a bit of a crisp along the edges as well and you can tell they use high quality ingredients for their pizzas.  I have no complaints about their food OR service...They are very quick to clear your tables and remove plates and refill your waters.  We were checked on consistently.This is in the middle of the city you guys, there isn't much parking! So be prepared to make a walk =)  I love that this restaurant is so close to Washington Park and not too far away from Union Square either.  We walked around after enjoying the food here.  There is only one bathroom, so a wait can sometimes form which can be annoying in this medium sized restaurant.  Overall, the food and service is exceptional.  If you get here 25 minutes before they open, you may not have to deal with a line.  Can't wait to come back!"}, {"review_id": "8cPpZHqf6jVuHEPzq1cKgA", "user_id": "vcCDxkFQujyIXE4kJXEuMA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "Came here because I heard it was one of the best pizza around in sf. I got the New York pizza and the garlic bread.First tip, if you don't want to wait in a long line and don't mind eating outside, go next door and order your pizza and take it outside and eat. Literally the same place. Has less options.The garlic bread was nothing special. Not that much garlic flavor (Altho they put a garlic on top of the bread so you would think otherwise). And not much butter or oil. Pass.The pizza was good. The sausage was a bit sweet. The dough was really good though and that's usually the hardest part of a pizza. It had ricotta cheese and some other mozzarella cheese. That being said, I like what another review said. It's good pizza, but in nyc this is like 3 bucks a slice and here it's like 8 bucks a slice.Don't wait in line and just go next door if you really want it."}, {"review_id": "adlxoN3H3JIHKLrjKjQOFA", "user_id": "Kz-CLIoMy8ZUxer3942zvA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "Ya, Saturday night there was definitely a wait (imagine that, an SF restaurant on a Saturday night with a wait ).  I used that wait to go check out Tony's Italian deli, Giovanni's across the street, which is a must see, followed by a trip to Tony's bar, staffed by real pros.  Met some great people there while waiting... isn't that the point of a neighborhood bar!Pizza menu was huge but we went with the recommended New Yorker, it was great.We then hit the bar at Capo's on the way out for a Negroni, same experience.  Try them all"}, {"review_id": "oSzhS-Xrf-UnfH_-lCpxOA", "user_id": "LnH8Z_OMeSW-ETeRCqmxow", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "For the wait I expected.... better pizza, better service, Tony's? Come on now. We get it. It's busy, every day. 365. But the organization they have going on with people waiting is incorrect. I tried calling maybe for 15-20 minutes couldn't get to anyone to get a table. So I wasn't sure if this place takes reservations and still am not confirmed if they do or don't. So don't quote me boy!Takes a solid 1.5 hrs to 2 hours to get a table @ 6 pm on Saturday night, so if you're hungry make sure you're well dressed cause it's cold and no heaters for anyone waiting. Ridiculous lol. Especially for the service you get, these inconsiderate employees who get tipped damn well don't even know how to say thank you or keep your drink filled when your choking on this praised mediocre pizza.Tony's is all hype no lie, to think that a pizzeria only serves different pizza styles daily would have more heart. The manager looks pissed the whole time, telling people to move out their way and the waitresses don't know what common courtesy is. Only hard workers I saw there were the Hispanic guys service the hot plates of food, those guys deserve the tips. Detroit style pizza sells out, grandma style pizza sells out, don't get me wrong, it's a  smart business ethic but for the service you'd expect a better environment. No one checks up on you to see how the food is. If you ask for a drink, you possibly won't get it, then if you ask again, some smart ass employee will bring you extra coke without your acknowledgement and put it on your desk and say \" here some more coke just incase your two cups isn't enough \" for Gods sake...your employees are lazy and act nasty. I can careless about how bad your day is, there's people out there who make less and work harder. So tell your employees to be happier. They're serving pizza, life can't be that hard, it's what you chose to do.Also parking is ridiculous, wait....there is no parking!!!! So all in all, 30-40 dollars for a well made pie is worth the wait, but receiving nothing but bad vibes just think again.(Drops mic)"}, {"review_id": "MJPvKpN0AhMJeY22Xq8pvA", "user_id": "VzyFbhGuQnHK4o_WeWY_0w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "Came here on a Friday night. The hostess initially said it was a 1.5hr wait however, we were seated in less than 30 minutes.Pro Tip: Make sure you have everyone in your party or else they don't place on the wait list.Spicy Grandma - Crust is SO GOOD. You got to order this. New Yorker - coal fired. delicious crust. Second favorite of the night.Margherita with Anchovies was my third favorite. Classic but didn't have that WOW factor.Honey Pie - nice mix of flavors. Sweet from the honey. Crunchy from the fried caramelized onions. However, I don't need to order this again. I will definitely be ordering the spicy grandma again. It was a group favorite."}, {"review_id": "avp2umiAwNOPGd66_GZS3g", "user_id": "Gx6jqH80H9-WpYjUdyj0RA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/8/2018", "text": "If you're planning on dining at Tony's, your best bet is to (1) come in for a late lunch or early dinner, (2) put your name down and then explore the area for 1-2 hours, or (3) just don't go. Seriously, if you're in a rush or just in need of a quick bite, this place is not for you. Tony's pizzas are meant to be enjoyed, and the crazy long waits ensure you'll have to work for that pleasure.But waiting there is half the trouble. If you have the misfortune of driving to Tony's and need to park somewhere, you will end up circling the area for quite some time before you get lucky. I can't believe there's no parking lots readily available in the area... Oh, San Francisco, how cruel you can be...The actual food, once it's finally your turn to sit, is delicious. Huge and delicious. I've had the Little Italy Salad for $12, the Tartufo Pizza for $26 (mozzarella, goat cheese, mushrooms, truffles, prosciutto, and arugula), and the New Haven Lou Pizza with meatballs for $30 (mozzarella, ricotta, spinach, garlic, and red peppers). Pricey, which is to be expected. The Little Italy Salad was your typical house salad, with a few extra elements like chopped olives, walnuts, gorgonzola, and cherry tomatoes. The pizzas had a thinner crust and were both so filling. The New Haven Lou is especially huge -- like 16 inches -- and meant to serve 2-4 people. Definitely take your leftovers home, as they're just as good the next day.Also note that they are closed on Tuesdays. Otherwise, they're open  noon-10pm on Mondays and noon-11pm on any other day."}, {"review_id": "zAoLRp7XLSzX3hbLHH53xg", "user_id": "RTcuhbxDIWFBUN335JPhsw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/10/2018", "text": "We came after the lunch rush so we didn't have to wait for a seat.  This was our second lunch of the day, so we just ordered the New Yorker Pizza.The pizza came out really quick since it's cooked in a 1000 degree oven.  I really liked the tomato sauce, it tasted very fresh and homemade.  The pepperoni and sausage were very flavorful.  I also liked the mozzarella that they used.  I didn't care for the ricotta that was on the pizza.  The crust was good.Overall, a really solid pizza."}, {"review_id": "LLByiVani7jv9E4oYrz6Gg", "user_id": "CsyV3FeUNujVcvqe6kMnFA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/25/2018", "text": "Tony's was such a great choice for a late gorgeous afternoon lunch. Luckily, we missed the brunch and lunch crowd and we were able to sit outside with no wait, whoop! My party opted to just do a family style lunch and share everything, really it is the best idea since the portions of pasta are great and the pizzas are HUGE! For an appetizer we ordered the meatballs because, of course, you go to an Italian restaurant and should always get the meatballs. Anyway, then we split the pasta genovese and the Sicilian style pan pizza Fratellanza. Both were super delicious that I could not stop eating even though I was beyond stuffed. It was three of us and we had plenty of leftovers. Pair it with a nice draft Peroni and you are going to have a fantastic meal.The atmosphere was great and the server was very attentive. I will most definitely be back for more pizza and carbs."}, {"review_id": "ds0IJI4DspP3uKpkgfE-wA", "user_id": "f5Mebo8XQ3QpfR5oUoSDDg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/2/2018", "text": "This review is solely for the Slice House next door - although there didn't seem to be a huge wait when I arrived around 8pm on Friday for Tony's, I also wanted that pizza in my mouth ASAP. The to-go next door had a good number of people spilling out of the store, and it was cramped and very warm, but we eyed the pizzas in the case with beady eyes. You can only get slices of whatever is in the case, and on Friday our options were the 4 cheese, pepperoni, a regular cheese pizza, and a veggie pizza. The pizzas listed on the menu are only available as full pies and take about 25-30 minutes. Although we were initially leaning towards a full pie, my boyfriend and I got intimidated by the big boxes and opted for two slices of 4 cheese pizza.This turned out to be the right choice, as these greasy pizzas were the size of two regular sized pizzas. I wasn't able to finish all of mine, but it was pretty good, albeit not as piping hot as I would've liked. The dollops of ricotta were especially tasty, paired with all the other cheesy goodness and tasty crust. We sat outside, ate our pizzas happily, and smirked at the growing line outside."}, {"review_id": "jO3pUVx3d9pbRa_jsRiynw", "user_id": "aLA69pTdlGlBFebO3f6JeA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/7/2018", "text": "I think this place is overrated for following reasons:1. Wait is too long2. Almost $30 plus(w/ tips and taxes) for 6 slices of margherita I don't think I need to go back here again."}, {"review_id": "w-x62QVsom0218nofiu4dA", "user_id": "Ht2F2EG1KH1Gfuvk-9kBUw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/16/2018", "text": "Daniel and I stopped at Tony's after a long walk around Fisherman's Wharf. We were headed back toward our hotel but needed food and a local recommended Tony's. We used our handy Yelp app to navigate us in the right direction and- BOOM- there was Tony's!I love going places on vacations that the locals love. This had a very 'Mom and Pop\" feel and most people around us at the bar were regulars. They had a stellar craft beer selection so we ordered a couple. Only $4! Woo-Hoo!We ordered a thin crust pizza and I honestly can't even remember what toppings we had at this point but it was delicious and we ate every morsel. They had the college football Bowl game on TV so we hung out for a bit and chatted with some locals. Good times and would go back!"}, {"review_id": "MYdntPIJyCd5JReOSB1S7Q", "user_id": "1kdr8S6wJ6hcPWcbzFo2Ew", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/13/2018", "text": "...There are probably a million pizza joints named \"Tony's\", but all seem to be nowhere in comparison to the OG one in North Beach SF where thousands of people from all over the world come by for a bite of what others have raved of. So come the end of 2017, what better way to finish off the year for a pizza fanatic such as myself than to visit the place that supposedly serves the best. First of all, if your little tummies are already hungry and ready to munch! - don't go here. It'll take anywhere from an hour and a half to four (so they said) to be seated. We prepared well and arrived before we were expecting to eat. THERE ARE NO RESERVATIONS. The hosts were in quite awful moods as people were swarming them, complaining, with a line out the door. I'm not kidding when I say it felt like a battlefield. The place is super small. Like matchbox small. Even when we were seated after waiting for two hours, we were placed right in front of the chef's table on barstools (so basically we could have just waited for the bar seating). The pizza was pretty large and quite delicious. But then again, anything with that much cheese and dough should be! The man himself, Tony, was walking around greeting his guests which added a nice touch to the environment. What didn't? The $40 NY style pizza we paid for when each slice in the real city is about a buck or so. That'll be the hype for you!Aside from the hefty price, the food was really good. Not my favorite and honestly not worth the long wait; however, a one-time new experience that was a long time coming!"}, {"review_id": "zZaAbMZd_ityuMXJ9cy-kA", "user_id": "-RApyq06DMBii7ovXtQnfw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "1/2/2018", "text": "Definitely a hit or miss type of pizza joint. In fact the one pizza we thought was going to be a hit... the famous margherita pizza, was my least favorite. Not only was it lacking in flavor, but it was so thin that it was runny (not a look I want for my pizza). My favorite pizza has to be the sausage and stout pizza, which incorporates stout beer into the dough and through other ingredients as well. I also liked this one because it had a thicker crust.I have to say that the menu here does offer a variety of different pizza types, but they don't do a great job explaining what the differences are. Also they have a lot of items that have daily limits to them.... we can only make 23 of this pizza, or only 35 of this other thing. Why are we so bogged down by these limits. Are they creating artificial demand? Are they only making enough of pre-made ingredients to cover a certain number of each menu item? I just find it odd. Overall I think the pizza here is fairly middle of the road and if there's a wait over 15-20 minutes I'd say skip it. Stay Cheerful ;)"}, {"review_id": "fNn5ZYgP0CCLUrsvuaDGcg", "user_id": "OAUNg2UddZZowNFk3NbgIA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/9/2018", "text": "I am obsessed with their coal-fired New York. It's absolutely delicious! I love their pepperoni, it's nice and crisp. The Italian fennel sausage and the calabrese sausage is unreal. But what makes this pizza is their tomato sauce and their ricotta. Aaahhhh......heaven! I order from UberEats and in an hour, viola.....a delicious meat (16 inch) pizza just for me....and my family."}, {"review_id": "xsU2q_A3_Zopmg5zwazBRQ", "user_id": "_d_W7-l9kAlnX6dyje9mKQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/28/2018", "text": "BEST pizza in San Fran! We waited in line before they opened, and there was a long line. We were seated quickly once they opened. It was darkly lit with a bustling atmosphere. Get the New Yorker pizza! The cheese was so fresh, and if you're a thin crust lover, this is the pizza for you."}, {"review_id": "BtaOXs0iKMp5EKbo36rSZQ", "user_id": "7vHv6YqtBW_J1Xy4VhCeXQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/6/2018", "text": "I think this was the best pizza I have ever had! The Honey Dynamic was my more favorite of the two that we got.The Honey Pie was a thin crust that had a light glaze of a sweet/savory honey sauce but then had the yummy saltiness of the mozzarella cheese, fried onions, and a tad bit spiciness due to the chili's. Put together they were delicious and moving onto the second pizza was hard. It's not as sweet as I thought when I read it was going to be honey which was nice! The second pizza we got was the Detroit Red Top! It was a more doughy taste and it had the red sauce. The bread + cheese tasted like a soft cheesy bread and then tomato sauce was on top. It was about 7x more thicker than the honey pie. When you only have your crust left, dip it in the chili infused olive oil they provide on the side! It is the best."}, {"review_id": "r00yZ93nBlQ815GNr3xXXw", "user_id": "39ukxvwXoEO7bJiZy3BxOw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/19/2017", "text": "Came here after a friends graduation on a Friday night. We showed up around 7 and the host said it would be an hour to hour and a half wait but then another lady came up and said I can seat you now.. a little strange.Food: Me being the only vegetarian in a group of 5, it was kind of hard to figure out how to split everything up. We started with appetizers: the chorizo mussels and the artichoke cream coccoli (vegetarian). My friend said that the chorizo mussels are her favorite thing there and everyone liked them! The coccoli was very tasty but definitely filling- you won't need the other bread they give you if you get this. Next we got two pizzas. The cal Italia (most recommend) and the New Yorker. We got the New Yorker half without meat. I tried a piece of the cal italia without meat and it was so good- strong Asiago cheese flavor that made it very rich and savory. The New Yorker was good- yummy marinara sauce! Next time I come here I want to get an all vegetarian pizza :)Service: Our waitress was awesome! She wasn't afraid to tell us that it might be too much food- it definitely was too much for us. She was on top of it and kept refilling our waters and beers."}, {"review_id": "nosnizT9CiVk8fSx35Yx5g", "user_id": "bPvtFRA3nr333FsyjQowZw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/26/2018", "text": "Ok so let's just say this pizza spot is totally living up to all the hype. Although I was was a bit skeptical, I mean I love a good pizza, but 1.5 hour wait for pizza is really pushing my limits on it. I got a few drinks at the bar and I loved watching the bartenders do their thing. The Agave and passion was quite tasty and I would highly recommend it, especially if you love tequila like me. Its sweet and tart and packs a good tequila punch! Once we were sat, the service was quick! We got the meatballs and the New Yorker! The meatballs were amazing! The marinara sauce has so much flavor. We were using it as dipping sauce for our pizza crust! Make sure to try it! The New Yorker is apparently one of the most popular pizzas. I can now understand why. The crust is thin and the topping are a variety of sausages and pepperoni. So good!My dinner here was so much better than I had expected and I would highly recommend Checking this spot out!"}, {"review_id": "ddYhZq-4WnbBDWljgg6aGg", "user_id": "lUj58YDHVqFdMsu4NiNZ2Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/8/2017", "text": "I know a good Caesar salad when I taste one, and they have a DELICIOUS caesar salad! The dressing was light, the veggies were crispy, and it came out with impeccable speed! Definitely enough to share for two people - maybe even three!We also enjoyed one of their signature meatballs - the farm egg and calabrese, and it was oh SO yummy - again, definitely enough to share with someone! Just take note though, it was pretty spicy! AND there's enough sauce that it came with, that you can use the extra to dip any bread or leftover pizza crust in! YES! Just, beware...it's spicy!Then, there was the pizza. We ordered a standard Margherita pizza (73 limit per day) and THAT was the best! SO delicious! I usually go for pizzas with more \"substance\" like meat or something, but this was well worth it, AND I was stuffed!We came here on a Sunday evening around 6pm, and shockingly enough, we didn't have more than a ten minute wait (just had to wait to speak with the hostess) and we were all set with a spot outside! Awesome!Don't want to wait? Visit next door and get some pizza next door! I didn't check it out, but apparently it's the same pizza?Regardless - I will definitely be back. This is now one of my favorite corners in San Francisco!"}, {"review_id": "hUIr19dypsCGeosgD-SMaw", "user_id": "Q-bBychImze2Yj1R0ifoMQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/7/2018", "text": "Literally stumbled upon this place for a late night snack. Excellent Napoletana pizza and very nice cocktails. The truffle pizza was fantastic, Pizza can be very subjective - these guys know how to make a pie!Lively bar scene, had a neighborhood, local vibe to it."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/tonys-pizza-napoletana-san-francisco?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]