[[{"review_id": "HJs8v9qKtRWOVaQnXp1G8A", "user_id": "H9UUbzNsFQCsTSWoqe_O_g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/1/2018", "text": "Sotto Mare Oysteria and Seafood was excellent.They have a great seafood selection and I especially liked that on vacation I went to a place that had delicious food that was healthy. I ordered the snapper, and it comes lightly dusted in breading but because I'm a celiac they could do a cajun or garlic and oil preparation. The portion size was substantial the the side of vegetables was large and fresh.If you want great seafood I greatly enjoyed this as a lunch place. The crab looked fantastic and they also had pasta offerings."}, {"review_id": "H4uXBGT6fHLeMNX70KoR_Q", "user_id": "wKFmGpSstN937nv1IWWv5w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "We went for dinner on Friday night around 6:30 PM. We were told that it would only be a \"10-15 minute wait, maybe shorter.\" 40 minutes later, we had our table. (I am a fan of creating reasonable expectations.) Maybe make a reservation in advance.We ordered the cippino (as you should) and the steamed mussels. The mussels were marinere style (garlic, white wine sauce) and served with bread. I think they could do with upgrading the bread, as it was a little hard, but nothing that couldn't be solved with a dip in the cippino/mussel sauce/broth. The cippino had lots of seafood and pasta at the bottom to make it a little more hearty. That was a good amount of food for two people to share."}, {"review_id": "fNDafJyn5DG9Z0wsCUad8A", "user_id": "hSE3_ZdkaILWxxVrw_mt9g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "I've been wanting to check this spot out and finally had my chance over the weekend. With such highly rated reviews, it already set expectations.I didn't have lunch so I was ready to throw down.  We didn't have reservations but arrived a little before 5pm. We were seated at the counter in about 20-30 min.  The restaurant is small, cozy, casual. Nothing spectacular- really noisy cuz of the open kitchen; I personally enjoy that kind of atmosphere.  We ordered the halibut special, the Manila clams linguini, and a half dozen of west coast oysters.I personally enjoyed the halibut - pan fried, lightly seasoned, accompanied with asparagus and carrots. Healthy option. The linguini was just as delicious and a good amount of fresh clams - I was a little surprised by the sauce; it was more Alfredo (creamy); I was expecting something lighter. It could use a little more seasoning but nonetheless, I finished the entire plate.  The only dish I didn't enjoy was the fresh oysters as I didn't find them that fresh.  Maybe I'm used to dousing my oysters with a mignonette sauce but the lemon, horseradish, and cocktail sauce that was provided did not hide the nasty, fishy, sewerage, aftertaste. Yuck! I could not get over that. I had to chew on some bread and butter to help with my gag reflex.OTHER than that, great place to check out if you're craving a seafood Italian meal!  :) I'd definitely come back for everything else but the oysters. Our server was friendly and efficient! I would not recommend coming here with a big group; 4 max."}, {"review_id": "STpPKbCEYs28Y_y7QAOUCQ", "user_id": "NFo1WMzgrt_1Jv_DrdQzAw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/11/2018", "text": "Yes! Yes! Yes! This place rocks. Being half Sicilian, I am very picky when I go to an Italian restaurant. It's hard for me to not criticize and shamelessly compare what I'm eating to my father's homecooking.Sotto Mare's experience was the complete opposite. The food is incredible. It tasted like homecooking and I couldn't get enough of it. Situated in the North End, Sotto Mare is a small, narrow restaurant that serves the most delicious, authentic Italian food I have ever tasted. Nothing gets this close to Sotto Mare.For lunch, we ordered the oysters, west and east coast. It was a bit smaller than I thought, but nevertheless, scrumptious. For our main entree, we ordered The Best Damn Crab Cioppino with seafood which is enough for two. For $38, that's a really good price. The seafood was fresh, and I must say the sauce was on point. You can tell it was made from love. Be prepared to get messy as you're going to have to use your hands a lot to crack open the crab which I felt is the true Sotto Mare experience.If you're craving seafood, then check this place out. You won't be disappointed."}, {"review_id": "BqE37q9aZVR3Y8X-1Z-C1w", "user_id": "XlS51TcH7iak22sKTxel_A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/7/2018", "text": "What a great place!It is a tiny but busy restaurant with a very special charm. Not just the decoration makes this a very attractive place, but the friendly and happy servers  and even the smell coming from the open kitchen as you walk in give you a very special feeling that you are welcome.The food is simply fantastic, you can't go wrong with anything you order.  Prices are very reasonable for the quality of the food...So make your self a favor and go visit this unique restaurant."}, {"review_id": "ZRx3u4AvAqywSFmBPh2b_A", "user_id": "BydvYTo1wnBYk5J-kSdGZQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "Been here a few times and of course you have to get the cioppino! A homie and I were hungry and we're feeling like some seafood stew so we hit up this spot. The only two spots for cioppino are here and tadich grill. No other place comes close to these two. Sotto 's serving size is huge and more than enough for two people. More like three can share it. We also ordered a dozen oysters and clams. Few places serve raw clams but I love them when places have it. If you haven't tried one, it's a clean fresh taste with a. But if chew. Eat it like an oyster! Surprisingly we got seated at the bar right away on a busy Friday night. Service was good and attentive and we left fuller than we'd like to be!A staple restaurant of the city and enjoyed by locals and tourists alike."}, {"review_id": "SO-JdoSuUFCnZVQtUaxPkg", "user_id": "q9Tyln685OEpIWFUdTxoYg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/10/2018", "text": "The seafood cioppino is as good as everyone says! So worth the 30 minute wait!We got in line around 5:30pm and got seated at 6pm. Really glad we went a little early as after we had finished dinner the wait was an hour for a party of 2.This place doesn't take reservations for 2 or less. The service was really good and even though they were really busy, they still took the time to take a picture for us!The glasses of wine were filled to the brim - they weren't stingy at all!I loved watching the chefs in the kitchen. Sitting at the bar is the best experience if you're dining here.One of my favorite restaurants in SF!"}, {"review_id": "93QdLnBjFKDAN3iNBBKsLA", "user_id": "JMUQtzFWx9IV7xagYxaWtA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "The folks here were so accommodating and hospitable. A group of about 17 of us were in town visiting a friend for his birthday and on short notice we found this place and called to see if we could get a table. Spoke to the owner and he said we could come on down and he would take care of us-- and take care of us he did. We shared a crab cioppino between 4 people and shared a prawn and scallop entree with my boyfriend. Everything was so delicious! The cioppino is in a red sauce and it was so multidimensional and not just a tomato sauce with a lot of acidity. It had tons of fresh seafood cooked with balanced flavors. The prawn and scallop entree was also delicious, lighter than the cioppino but flavors on point. Corkage fee was reasonable and for every bottle you buy for them, they waive a corkage fee. Service was great and we all left happy, full and a little tipsy!"}, {"review_id": "H4xUMX-XV-w42xc5aGUxfg", "user_id": "VVXuYKQnB7hns8kKPxU_Uw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "If your looking for a good seafood/Italian spot you can't go wrong here.  Typical wait for dinner on Saturday is about an hour.  Space is pretty tight so not a good place for large groups, but ideal for couples and groups of 4 or 5.  The food is great.  Recommend the sauted scallops, rissotto and seafood cioppino.  The kitchen in this place runs like a machine.  Pretty cool to watch if you find yourself sat at the bar area.  If you're hungry for some seafood def check it out."}, {"review_id": "uOEDWDApihExhr8GT43ZGA", "user_id": "9yb771zcm50k_8w8rQU70g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "We were looking for authentic Italian food.  Love the open kitchen so you can see all the food being prepped.  Staff was very friendly and attentive.  We ordered the west coast oysters to start.  My husband ordered the linguine with pesto sauce, it was really good.  But my seafood risotto was absolutely delicious!  We highly recommend this authentic Italian restaurant.  Quarters are tight, so be prepared."}, {"review_id": "vxrDFrfovIyV0pPt0wuSgg", "user_id": "91Mo2-qrDaZsFC2zM8Yuqw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "Even on a Wednesday night, this place gets busy! We got a dozen West Coast oysters, clam steamers, and seafood linguine. The oysters were super fresh, perfect amount of brininess, but were pretty darn small. But what can ya do, they're oysters.Clam steamers was great - the clams themselves were juicy, succulent, and a good size. They were lying in a bath of complex sauce perfect for dipping bread, or just to sauce up the clams. But it was the seafood linguine that blew my mind away. Realizing that everyone around me was getting cioppino, I wanted to go a different route. And boy was I blown away. The seafood (octopus, mussels, clams, shrimp, bay scallops) were incredibly fresh, even after leftovers were microwaved. The pasta was cooked perfectly, not too al dente, but still had a good texture and it was perfectly cooked so that the creamy sauce really stuck to each noodle. This was an incredibly rich sauce which made the dish all the more delightful. We saw the fresh catches everyone else ordered though, and it looked amazingly fresh too. All in all, can't really good wrong. It's a pricey joint, but if you're in the mood for fresh seafood and a solid dining experience, this is a good spot to visit.Service: 5 starsParking: 3 stars (street parking in North Beach is always tough)Value: 4 starsLocation: 4 stars"}, {"review_id": "-4UepmuYhE5m6oTspI0niA", "user_id": "6HDXYQTqbFvochIpae_BHQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/17/2018", "text": "YES! Here is the best crab cioppino restaurant. Small and crowded place. I arrive here at 3pm. I just waited for 10 mins. But owners and waitresses were nice. Crab cioppino is enough for two people. It has fresh sea food, crab, shrimp, mussel and pasta. The tomato soup is really really good. It also good to eat with the bread! I always brought my friends who came to SF first time. Every one liked here."}, {"review_id": "rPFf5SHLrOKTYedyZmxfuQ", "user_id": "M6id0az7Q4wJUZyZHibkTg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/21/2018", "text": "We were craving seafood and clam chowder for dinner, Sotto Mare came highly recommended by a few friends of ours. It was also on my yelp bookmark so it was only fitting that we give them a visit on our final evening in the bay area.The restaurant was located in North Beach District of San Francisco, known as Little Italy.  It was small and very packed inside. We didn't have any reservation, but fortunately for us it was late evening, a weekday and we only waited 15 minutes before getting seated. We got seated at the counter, which in my opinion is the best seats in the house. Not only did we see the cooks in action preparing our food, but we're attended to immediately. We were served promptly with a pitcher of water and fresh bread/butter.  We started off with bowl of clam chowder and loved it. OMG! Best clam chowder we ever had. This chowder was very thick, creamy and full of clams. I looked around the room to see if anyone was watching, quickly lifted my bowl and licked every nook and cranny off it! Shhhhhh! Don't tell anyone..LOL! The order of mussels and clam steamer combo was excellent. Large portions, enough for sharing and broth was so flavorful. I'm not pasta kind person, but linguine with clams is best here. It was absolutely delicious, bursting with the natural briny sweetness of the clams, infused in a rich white sauce made with wine, butter, garlic, cream and fresh herbs. It was worthy of another bowl lick, but I held back this time because the servers were laughing at us the first time. Hahaha!We loved everything about this place, such as fantastic experience. The seafood was fresh and plentiful. The staff was great and really super friendly.  The prices were also very reasonable, for both of us with all the food and wine, we were still in the $70-80 range. Definitely planning on coming back here when I visit the SF again."}, {"review_id": "_Da2f53vcSaq8lAZHe2txA", "user_id": "VUhZCfChpTSiO8TkmSn18g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/16/2018", "text": "If you visit this place, don't leave without trying their Cioppino. You won't regret it! I love the tomato base with the abundant seafood. This dish is large enough to share between 3 people for just about $45.This resturant is pretty small but they also have a \"secret\" downstairs area which can seat larger parties.I highly recommnend thjs place!"}, {"review_id": "Qa0Fhv3MHRWrX8foPCTHWQ", "user_id": "1l38erk8d0t7TI5svyTQtQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/23/2018", "text": "My new favorite Italian seafood restaurant in San Francisco.  It's a small, unassuming place in North Beach with the best seafood risotto I've had in eons. I'm all about the risotto.  However, you really can't go wrong with anything you order here.  Everything we ordered was delicious from the New England clam chowder, the west coast clams, cioppino, the aforementioned risotto and seafood pasta.  The portions are generous especially for the cioppino.  Holy cow two adults with big appetites could eat one bowl of that soup. We loved the place so much we walked all the way from Union Square to eat here a second time.  We didn't have to walk but we did it to justify the calorie orgy to come.  The staff treated us warmly.  They're funny and helpful.  The food came promptly.  My only complaint is their complimentary bread could be better.  It could be served warm because right now it's just room temperature or alternatively a different bread could be used because it was the least memorable part of the meal. The bathrooms here are clean and the toilets are all black.  Kind of a neat feature.  I would come here again in a heartbeat."}, {"review_id": "bMGKSN9bfTFChjjmlkIRMw", "user_id": "nekQpop6ojFQK0Sh1B1Lkw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/28/2018", "text": "I thought the ambiance was relatively quite nice. But we got one of the specials: a sea bass. It was pretty tough as far as sea bass go. Asked them to switch it for a safer choice: linguine with scallops. It was solid! But it wasn't amazing by any means.The clam chowder was great though. Superb.They did switch the sea bass for me, so I am giving the restaurant 3 stars instead of 2. I would've given 4, but the service could have been a bit better."}, {"review_id": "aMj2otDtTkb4l0dqrztrQA", "user_id": "dnNXirfyr8xcUS6E56oRIg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/14/2018", "text": "Friends and I came for lunch and ordered- 6 half-shell oysters (3 west coast @ $1.50/ea, 3 east coast @ $2.50 ea)- smoked salmon ($9)- crab louis salad ($26)- linguine w/manila clams ($20.95)- crab cioppino ($44.95)The half-shell oysters seemed fresh enough and at a competitive price point.The smoked salmon, garnished w/capers and scallions and served w/olive oil, had no hint of fishiness, a pitfall of low-quality smoked salmon.  At room temperature, the smoked salmon's flavor arose unimpeded (unlike refrigerator-temp smoked salmon). The capers' sharpness and touch of acidity contrasted the flavor profile well, and the olive oil cut the salmon's umami slightly w/a slightly less rich flavor.The crab louis salad has some delectably fresh shredded crab; the rest of the salad seemed underwhelming, considering it consisted of shredded iceberg lettuce, lemon, and dressing.The linguine w/manila clams had quite the rich white wine sauce with a viscous consistency. However, this is not to say that someone simply melted a stick of butter into a cup of white wine and called it a day; it did not taste nearly so crass. It held the flavor of clams much like a soup stock would.The star of this lunch, however, belonged to the cioppino. Quite simply, it was a huge delicious stew of seafood, with clams, mussels, crab claws, scallops, and octopus. Simple and plentiful, it epitomizes enjoying seafood without pretensions. In the end, I rate Sotto Mare 5 stars for a simple reason - anyone asking me for a seafood recommendation unequivocally and without hesitation gets directed to the cioppino or seafood pasta."}, {"review_id": "MaUw2MAT3mnV2Fz79np47Q", "user_id": "PWQHQ552cvEf8cRlfXi_Vg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/12/2018", "text": "Came here on wet Wednesday evening and this place was packed ! I mean...it almost detoured me from even going in but, I patiently waited until the people around the hostess desk moved out the way so I could at least put my name on the list. Good thing I didn't leave because the owner Rich had the perfect seat for someone who was dining alone so, there was no wait for me !!!I got the clam chowder and seafood linguine . The order of  clam chowder was a hefty amount and while I was hungry , I didn't want to fill myself with chowder to where there was no room for the main citrus buuut, I couldn't help it !! The chowder was DELICIOUS !!! Nice chunks of clam and not too thick in-terms of texture .The off-the-menu red sauce was amazing ! It was recommended by the waitress that I get that vs the white wine sauce and that was def a better suggestion. Seafood was fresh, perfectly cooked and satisfying to my belly , lol.I'll be back here for sure !Eat up ,Dan"}, {"review_id": "sYZS4l4yVyyaa0GIQIOsJQ", "user_id": "jUhrEePgRAl-_3tsrK9O9A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "Great food and great service. We did have to wait but it was totally worth it! Highly suggest it. We had the Linguini with seafood and seafood risotto and both were amazing!"}, {"review_id": "X8HM16UjavEpD7A96D8v5w", "user_id": "pa1KygDizOrzYIT0z9M07w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/17/2018", "text": "BEST SEAFOOD IVE EVER HAD. The cioppino was INCREDIBLE and definitely big enough to share between 2-4 people. Would highly recommend. We were too late to get oysters but I plan on going back. The wait if you don't have a reservation can be long. We waited 2 hours, but it was WELL WORTH IT. incredible."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/sotto-mare-oysteria-and-seafood-san-francisco?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]