[[{"review_id": "et0u_hvXfATZBm5RqXafiw", "user_id": "bnKo6L4MgcUbLZH7fmnkrA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "When I travel to San Diego, Blue Water Seafood Market is first on my list.  I love the Red Crab cocktail.  I enjoyed the Track Tacos , all the food looks amazing and it's the freshest seafood I have ever had.The Black Bass plater was great and the flavor was outstanding, and the Red Snapper was super fresh and the over all experience was worth the visit.If you don't make a stop at the Blue Water Seafood market, you are missing out!"}, {"review_id": "-8s0vurFM3OlP21LLRfpPg", "user_id": "yrPOjn3GvPUvAnDKtYSKEw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "I want to first start off by saying the customer service was good and the food was good.We had the fried calamari that was delicious and their fries are cooked to perfection.  That was the best we had.  Me and my wife both ordered two tacos.  I ordered red snapper and shark.  I chose Chipotle and blackened respectively.  My problem is that neither fish tasted seasoned.  It was actually quite upsetting.  Both fishes tasted the same and no sauce on the taco made it extremely dry.  I would have given this place a 4 or 5 because the fish was extremely fresh but the taco was just overall not good."}, {"review_id": "uAaN0NXyT_BoHfon659dAg", "user_id": "2YD4QK8qhn5Wdqojr8pfmA", "rating": 2.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "I feel like this place is using the line out the door as an advertisement, and that might work for them but when you're standing in a 30 minute line because there's only like one register, you start to wish they would just invest in some billboards instead.When we first got in the line we thought it wouldn't be that bad, but it's seriously took forever. And in the line you are standing there squeezed between people sitting down and sometimes also a seafood case. People who had to go to the restroom- and even waitresses- had to squeeze in between people in line, and it was a constant issue. After we finally ordered were told where to sit- in between two other tables and the wall. Hope you're not claustrophobic!Mom and I both ordered the fried fish. I personally got that because it is literally the only thing that comes with a side. The fish tasted like nothing. I am not exaggerating, it was the most flavorless fish I have ever eaten in my life. Even the batter. I have never had a more bland seafood meal. Was it disgusting? No. But it was like eating fried air. I personally don't want to spend that much or wait in the cramped line to eat something that's not even good."}, {"review_id": "Tq3yyWxnguKMu-uP9BsPSA", "user_id": "PqH9OgAl1UjQn6vsdSwXig", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/16/2018", "text": "I'd like to start this by saying that I enjoyed the service thoroughly and that their clam chowder is definitely worth the trip, but...Maybe I don't appreciate the high quality wild fish that they serve here as much as the next seafood-eater, but I just didn't think the food had enough flavor. It was like I was eating just plain cooked fish. We had the red snapper, swordfish and the Hawaiian albacore and if I had to rank them, I'd say red snapper/swordfish and then albacore last. It's a tie between the red snapper and the swordfish. Both very good, but, again, didn't have a TON of flavor. The toppings were relatively basic and nothing was new and innovative. What I liked:The people are amazing. The service is smart and they make sure everyone in line has a place to sit by the time you order your food, so don't worry. I'd say the clam chowder is amazing. Close to the best I've ever had. And DEFINITELY get it in a bread bowl (worth it). Conclusion:Go try it but be ready to REALLY taste the flavor of just the fish. If you're looking for innovative flavors, go somewhere else, but if you're looking for high quality fish and some good clam chowder, definitely stop by."}, {"review_id": "SWCxjaRVfBXkfFuUQE8RCQ", "user_id": "Fsee2631IOb9Xz5Afl2fKA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/29/2018", "text": "\" New Blue Water @ Petco Park Pricey, But Good \"My wife and I went to the new Blue Water Seafood Market & Grill in Petco Park today before the Padres game started, and had a nice meal. The Blue Water replace a Sushi Restaurant that was on the 2nd level for years. The prices are very pricey but for what you get it was worth it. The Blue Water has 5 different fish sandwiches which are $16.00 each. They also have the same fish tacos available for $8.00 each. The seating area at the restaurant is very nice as you can see the entire field while you enjoy you food and drinks. The tacos were good !"}, {"review_id": "UUuElC19hlZodoSUbwEWQA", "user_id": "Nd7O7NBFymt84sXHHY7mGg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/23/2018", "text": "Blue Water Cafe was simply amazing. One of the best restaurant experiences with excellent food at a reasonable price point. The quality of the food was exceptional the staff was very attentive to all the patrons. The place was extremely clean they had a refrigerator full of all the fresh products they serve daily. I was very impressed with the menu because I wanted to order everything. The portions were great and the food was delicious. The location was within a 5 mile drive from the Manchester Hotel. I cannot say enough about this restaurant. Yelper's thank you for the preparation. We arrived early based on the daily lines starting with locals and travelers. I should have packed my second stomach because I definitely could have used it. Excellent service, food and staff 5 Star Experience (You Gotta Eat Here)"}, {"review_id": "d5anZtE7VDn5uRyN7YHAQg", "user_id": "N743hVAFRe2oQqwCGezRpA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/24/2018", "text": "Stopped in this afternoon because we were in the mood for seafood. There was a line out the door when they opened!  The freshest fish. My wife loves fish and chips but I felt the beer crusted batter was just ok. But the star of the show was the sashimi!  I had the mix of salmon and yellowtail. Melt in mouth tender and so fresh!!I like this place. I would return and recommend simply for the quality of the sashimi. The ambience is extremely casual. But you come here for the freshest seafood."}, {"review_id": "5f7qz7QcM0lYd8axM8yk4g", "user_id": "qXwuvGqTwV297frtWAWOUw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/4/2018", "text": "Wow this place was hands down the best seafood restaurant we went to during our trip to Cali. We ate at many seafood restaurants in LA and San Diego but this restaurant provided the freshest selection and you can clearly taste the difference. We went during off-peak times around 2-3pm after getting off the bus from LA and this was our lunch spot before heading to Anza Borrego Desert State Park for the night. We waited for about 40 minutes in line to order and during that time people would walk out and tell us it's worth the wait. It was so worth the wait! We ordered the salmon sashimi which came with rice topped with avocado and teriyaki sauce. It was soooo good! It was so fresh and delicious! I also ordered a dozen of oysters - also very fresh and good sized. I was a bit too full so I saved my shrimp taco for later but even when I had it as a snack a few hours later, it was very delicious. The shrimp was a good size and the sauce for the taco went well. My boyfriend ordered the fish & chips. He orders this almost at every seafood restaurant we go to and he said it was the best he's had (and trust me.. he's had a LOT of dish & chips). He said the breading was the perfect thin amount and crisp to perfection. The cod was very fresh and it didn't taste dry like some of the other places we've been to. Highly recommend to come here if you're ever in the area. Although I'd suggest to go during off-peak hours otherwise you may be waiting in line for over an hour."}, {"review_id": "JEMrWkI-ynBilGrCKsvQoQ", "user_id": "9bZLIEwZsUP262-3bOEsnA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/16/2018", "text": "I'll admit. I was hesitant when I saw the line going out the door. I figured that this place could not be worth what I was told could be a 45 minute wait, but we had friends in town who insisted on eating here so I thought, why not? Well, I'm so glad they did. This place is everything and more!!!!The wait itself was more than bearable. The line moved at a comfortable pace and gave us a lot of time to socialize and decide what we'd order from the menu. I love that they seat from the front of the line to the back so you don't have to worry about looking for a seat once you've placed your order. They make sure that your party has a table and are very strict if anyone tries to grab a seat before placing their order.The food is delicious!! There are so many good options to chose from and you cannot go wrong. We ordered so many different things off the menu to get to try as much as we could:Calamari: I loved the calamari. It was crisp but incredibly tender. It also came with a great dipping sauce. Great app to share. Battered cod tacos: The fish was crispy and moist! The taco was huge and one was definitely enough for an entree for me. Poke: Loved the fresh ahi poke! It came with tasty won ton chips that were light and perfect when dipped in the poke sauce. What I appreciated was that this poke was authentic Hawaiian style. Most times, poke is all chopped up and served chipotle style, but this was the real deal. Mixed, marinated and soaked. Fish and Chips: If you're looking for fried food overload, this one is for you. All of it is great, but as always with fish and chips, it's a lot of fried in one dish. The fish is perfection though. Cioppino: Wow! This was packed full with seafood goodness, all in a heart warming broth. This dish will warm the soul and is served beautifully.Besides these dishes, the table enjoyed a few more and they were all honestly amazing. The fish was so fresh and everything tasted perfect! To top it off, we were able to order a pitcher and enjoy some brews with our meal as well. It's definitely worth the wait, but pro tip: call ahead for takeout and skip the line!"}, {"review_id": "UC5cn4Sx43GaR0Pm2bGwWA", "user_id": "RMlzrlRHOBucxiAsl64R_g", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/14/2018", "text": "I have seen Yelp reviews where people list \"pros\" and \"cons\" of the restaurant, so that is what I will do here for the Blue Water Seafood Market & Grill: the \"good\" and the \"bad\". But not really the \"bad\", more simply an identification of aspects of the restaurant I liked less than others.THINGS I LIKED:The location of the restaurant pleases me, hidden away on an upper stretch of India Street, right at the foot of a beautiful eucalyptus-studded canyon bisected by West Washington Street.  It feels like a hideaway, yet the access to Hillcrest or other areas is a breeze.I liked the enclosed side terrace of the restaurant, which is trellised on one side, interlaced with a trailing vine, hanging pots and lanterns, making you dream of Mexico or Spain. Even the whirrrrrrr of the 5 Freeway in the distance furthers the exotic mood. I liked the way when I asked for extra cocktail sauce and extra lemons at the cashier, these additional items were delivered with the order, and they were generously provided. Moreover, the Cocktail Sauce was excellent. Its piquancy recalled to me my childhood meals at Anthony's eating Bay Shrimp Cocktails drenched in violently red Cocktail Sauce and juiced by a hundred lemons, or so it seemed.I liked the small list of special fish available that day, from which I ordered the Swordfish, which was delivered nicely crisscrossed with grill marks and simply served as requested with lemon and butter. THINGS I LIKED LESS:The line up to order is awkward and slow, with the woman writing everything out by hand. Only one cashier was on duty at 4:30 p.m. on the Tuesday of my visit. The wine bottle I ordered and an ice bucket were plunked on the counter for me to carry to the table, unlike the food, which is delivered. There is no crusty French bread or sourdough bread offered to \"zoop' up the Cocktail Sauce. That is a real pity, for it would very much add enjoyment to the meal.  Garlic bread is available for a charge, but who wants that?The only glasses offered for the wine were tacky little \"jam jars\". A proper wine glass would be a welcome addition. The utensils are all black plastic picnic throw-aways, and wispy little pieces of white paper that fall off your lap serve as the \"napkins\".When I asked for additional lemons and a glass of water at the table as I was eating my fish, the dining room waitress appeared displeased by my request. When she returned with the lemons and the water, she slammed them down on the table and turned on her heels without a word of pleasantry.OVERALL ASSESSMENT: The Blue Water Seafood Market & Grill is somewhere I may return if the mood and circumstances align, but it is not a restaurant I would keep high up in my \"Mental Rolodex\"."}, {"review_id": "_j6KC40EG7PosP0L-IxTcQ", "user_id": "fRJpK_b0rrjpBgRZjvfvgA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/12/2018", "text": "What a hidden gem. It was my first time visiting Blue Water Seafood Market and Grill. After reading all the reviews I decided to give  Blue Water Seafood Market and Grill a try. I'm glad I did. After walking into Blue Water Seafood Market and Grill you are greeted with a warm welcome.The place is packed. As I got lucky the wait was only about 20 minutes. After being seated our server comes over to take are drink orders. As it was my first time I needed couple minutes to look at the menu. Finally after looking at the menu. I ordered the claw chowder soup for an appetizer. Also the onion rings. For the main dish I had the oysters to share. Salmon for main dish.If you a person who loves seafood and healthy selections. I would not think twice of coming to Blue Water Seafood Market and Grill. You have numerous selections of fishes to select from. If you are craving anything from shrimp to salmon you can't go wrong.The customer service was amazing. From the minute you arrived to the minute you leave. Don't come starving. As the lines for lunch or dinner can be very long. Overall I had a great experience. The only negative for me was parking. As parking can be a hit or a miss."}, {"review_id": "7f5inujsKmI2WJNayAcxDg", "user_id": "3qJqlglcjESwiScZQtV8Nw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/4/2018", "text": "The kitchen is in the back of the registers that was fully staffed. There are registers in front of the kitchen (two). The wait was an hour long but we managed the waiting period. This restaurant was featured on a episode of Diners Drive-Ins and Dives and has a large following. The lines are outside the door. I requested the patio which was better than sitting inside. It gets cramped and stuffy inside since the space is small.THE BEER BATTERED COD FISH TACOS TOPPED WITH CABBAGE, TOMATOES, ONIONS, WHITE SAUCE AND CHEDDAR CHEESE. $5.25 EACH ~~~~~~~~~~~~~ I thought the tables were spacious and we sat at a table for four. It was taking a long time for our food to come out. I noticed several people weren't servedwith the rest of their orders. I noticed the people that were seated next to usgot their orders even before ours and we were there before them. Everyone on the patio was eventually served and eating before us while we waited. ~~~~The flour tortillas were thin and couldn't hold the amount of ingredients that was inside my tacos. The cabbage is nice and had a good crunch. The white sauce was delicious but was skimped on. The tomatoes are supposed to be diced into small pieces. The tacos had the green onions garnished on top but where was the cheddar cheese!?!? ~~~~~~~~~~~~ That tomatillo sauce though....................."}, {"review_id": "ZnEeTgGpp1rDUycCF4UYhw", "user_id": "Ft7g9k_s66XNAN3yobjMCQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/6/2018", "text": "This is our very favorite fish restaurant in SD.We come here several times a year on a date night.I dream about the fresh oysters!  We get a dozen and they are always delicious. Last time, I tried the Scallops and they were amazing.  Seared ahi with sesame seed crust is my new favorite dish. My hubby gets the mahi mahi fish tacos and loves them.  The fried calamari is totally worth the calories.  Great beer and you can order a mug while you're waiting in line to order.  Yes, after 6 the line is out the door but it's a great opportunity to chat with the other couples about their favorite dish.  Enjoy!!!"}, {"review_id": "WOOJcNnw-PDgDMmbxPK1lg", "user_id": "23RmVCiObMl-yx0XrSvPrg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/6/2018", "text": "I was so excited to come here, because I previously ordered delivery (lobster bisque) and it was so delicious, and because of all the reviews. When I came to the actual location I told the girl at the counter that I would like a grilled salmon plate, than I said \"what marinade should I pick...\" , she rolled her eyes on me and I noticed it, common. There was nobody else waiting behind me, but she looked at me like I was stupid which puts pressure on me. I asked her which one would she recommend and she said bronzed. I picked it and I hated it. I work too, I know how customers can be annoying, but you have to be patient. It was my first and last time dining in, but I may order more soups delivered."}, {"review_id": "jujCLWtZfQ8LRR3VjRrnXg", "user_id": "rWDZ20zpA6S5MmfZ2gVuiA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "1/11/2018", "text": "Is it as good as the reviews???? No.Pros:Their tacos are HUGE!!!!! Like, I ordered two and I couldn't finish them. Wish we would've ordered 3 tacos total then split the last one. That would've been perfect.Staff are super friendly and attentive.Good toppings on the tacos, good texture on the tortilla shells, and everything is freshly made. Cons: Long. Ass. Line... And then Long. Ass. Wait. For. Your. Food. Came here Friday at 4:50pm and the line was to the door already. We waited 30 minutes in line then it took 30 minutes for our meal. (Yes, I timed it).My fish was severely overcooked. You mean I waited this whole time for dry overcooked tacos?????? I mean, homies this is your speciality... Seafood is in your name.Overall, it was aight."}, {"review_id": "emq5TytBIHFccbd1TonuIg", "user_id": "osVPvlt10AGgyWEeC6ljZg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/7/2018", "text": "If you're looking for fresh seafood that is delicious at a low cost-- look no further!!! This place is amazing and totally worth the ridiculously long line. Seafood, ceviche, poke, all perfect. You order at the counter and they seat you at a table. That's it! This is what we ordered:1. Alaskan red crab cocktail- chunks of crab served with cocktail sauce, with tortilla chip. wonderfully fresh for such a reasonable cost2. Fresh scallops ceviche-also very good. Served with fresh made tortilla chips. Would recommend3. Salmon poke- this is probably the best salmon poke I've ever had. You must order this if your a fan of salmon sashimi.4. Buffalo sandwich- this is with fried red snapper or choice of calamari. Huge sandwich with very very soft bread. Yum.....5. Calamari- crisp; their house made tartar sauce and cocktail sauce is so unique and flavorful. 6. Tuna melt- this was just ok; tuna was good, but there just wasn't too much texture to this sandwich and it was lacking in salt.7. Track taco- huge chunks of gulf shrimp. Best taco here8. Classic cioppino- mussels and clams in a light broth served with toast; this was my favorite appetizer. Big enough to share and more. I could not get enough of this place. Really loved it! If you're in San Diego you have to hit this place up!"}, {"review_id": "3bvQxcsCxpF8WgR_JJE6Dg", "user_id": "FOWqiI-Lj6CYbwIVj5zE5A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/23/2018", "text": "This place never disappoints! Ordered the shrimp and crab cocktail to start which comes with ginormous shrimp (!) seafood cioppino, a hearty soup of mussels, clams, and fish; and a scallop taco which was a meal in itself. Everything is made to order and delicious!Get there early because the line does get long and stuff sells out quickly!"}, {"review_id": "Dw3-KfGSo75Einykl3dp_w", "user_id": "Bjr0hHchIRNafloTclfF9A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/22/2018", "text": "I thought this was going to be some really fancy date dinner restaurant.... but it's not. And we loved it!We came in on a weekday night, and we parked directly out front. No line and no wait. Ordered at the register and sat in the outside patio (so cute btw! And they have heaters, too!). We spent less than $50 for everything we ordered, which was a lot cheaper than we were expecting for a seafood date night.Very very good portion sizes. I ordered the sashimi appetizer (~12) thinking it would be ~6 pieces. Nope. Almost double that with rice and avocado. I also ordered two tacos not knowing how big they'd be, and of course had to get some to-go boxes.One of THE BEST meals I've had while in San Diego. Delicious, fresh seafood and definitely reasonably priced. Will definitely be coming back. Especially for that sashimi."}, {"review_id": "47iZyiqCA8nJACAwC271Wg", "user_id": "srx_nUpba8cwwzdcZunaCA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "I came here two years ago when my boyfriend and I went on our first vacation. It was the most absolutely delicious food. Their fish is always fresh caught that day. I learned to come earlier because the lines are long - because of so many people who also know that this place is amazing - and when they are out of fish, they are out of fish. You can choose how to prepare your fish, and the servers behind the registers are nice and offer their opinions when you want to try a fish you have never tried. I remember that my boyfriend had the Mahi Mahi and it was perfect. Juicy, flaky, one of the most meaty forms of fish I have ever had, and the sandwich he had it in was made very well. We tried this because it was a Diners, Drive-in's, and Dives, and boy it deserved to be on this show. This restaurant was absolutely wonderful!"}, {"review_id": "gew4Qs7vWoe-hM58RJQWtQ", "user_id": "uU4kW8eNwga05oKpPTxI7w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "Great spot in the middle of Gaslamp. We stopped in for lunch before seeing a Padres game. Love the open  concept with open windows letting the breeze in. The bread and butter they give you to start is delicious!! It was warm and had awesome flavors. We just had a dozen oysters, and the selection they had was pretty nice. We got a few of each and liked the east coast oysters better. Overall, nice restaurant with a good vibe. A bit pricey but would be good for a date night."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/blue-water-seafood-market-and-grill-san-diego?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]