[[{"review_id": "Juh5zLgk0UzdDyOJEcyI5g", "user_id": "tlM3OKY6s9ADF_2cMn9TnA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "Got in at about 630, no wait and place was fairly empty. It was packed by the time we left! I would have to say that the bbq here is pretty good... prices are fair compared to other bbq joints. They give you big portions! We ordered 2 combos. In our combos, we tried the pulled pork, ribs, and brisket (they asked us if we wanted fatty or no fat... wth?! Of course we want the fatty piece!). I would definitely come back for that brisket! Our ribs were a bit dry and the pulled pork some what under-seasoned. We had cornbread (which we loved), mac n cheese, and Cajun fries."}, {"review_id": "Xrq1g1MthnyEWHI0T-M9zg", "user_id": "JWBRvizb6yuh4w0emnh3xQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "Watching pit masters working their magic at bbq competions on Food Network shows is a bad idea when it's late at night and smoked meat goodness is not available to you for seemingly interminable hours.Smoking Pig has always been a solid option, though my attention has only reverted back to it since the closing of my San Jose favorites (Texas Smokehouse and San Jose BBQ on Capitol Expwy, and Big Ed Buzzard's in Aldo Place). DoorDashed burnt ends a la carte ($15) and a Louisiana hot links plate (comes with cornbread and one side - mac n' cheese for me - for $12.50). Usually order pork ribs and brisket, and think I will stick to those in the future, since my hot links were very dry (and I don't attribute that to the fact that they are served already sliced) and the burnt ends were practically candied in their overly sweet sauce. Cornbread and mac n'cheese were great, as usual."}, {"review_id": "XXl6flsbSkokUt3u2LuTpA", "user_id": "Snn8Au3N_P5NcJ5LSfNm8w", "rating": 1.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "I finally got a chance to try the bbq here, but unfortunately it was very disappointing.I ordered their famous wolf \"turds\" and they came cold with the bacon limp.  They were clearly cooked ahead of time and then reheated in the microwave. They were so bad, I had to send them back. The waiter told me all the bbq meat and foods are cooked/smoked very early in the morning and then put in a warming drawer and reheated before serving?  Whaaaat?The only plus was the nice, college type server and the Kansas City BBQ sauce were both good.I will definitely stick to my go to bbq place on Bascom."}, {"review_id": "OuhGj0KIWR2AU2Pla2FQVQ", "user_id": "PhbTycasnxeHSQ9eA48ZhQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/3/2018", "text": "OMG! The best BBQ in town. Large comfort food right here. What we Order: Peanut Butter Pie Pork Ribs with french fries Pulled pork sandwichNachos with chicken Corn BreadIf you haven't tried peanut butter pie, then please make a stop here because the pie are BOMB. Light peanut taste and rich. Pork ribs just melts in your mouth. The french fries has just the right amount of salt and pepper. Pulled pork sandwich are a must! So tender. Nachos with chicken is huge! They have sauce on the side, and you gotta try it with the nachos. Cannot finish it all in one seating, always enough to share, always leftover, always good in my book."}, {"review_id": "CCOPcnQ4mBgn9JKzE9xrJQ", "user_id": "nZY8kXwVtErxgx2gQcaj1Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/29/2018", "text": "Oh man this place is bomb. They have four different sauces and a simple selection of menu. They have decent size wine and beer selection as well (no draft).I have not yet visited bbq states but from the experiences I've had so far this place is a top notch. Pork spare ribs: this was my favorite. Perfect balance of fat and meat. Loved the texture. Tastes great without any sauce but even better with their honey BBQ. Sampler plate is great if it's your first time here. Potato skins was amazing! So was chicken lolipop. Oh and make sure you get their baked beans (so much flavor on this one). Mac n cheese: hmm.... It's alright. You could pass this one.  Wednesday 3pm. Plenty of seats. Fast service. Check this place out if you love BBQ! Decent price too!"}, {"review_id": "l0qvk2orUhGcbgC2JSub8Q", "user_id": "xjldKGq6hDCfWKklU8a5WA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/29/2018", "text": "Amazing bbq place in South Bay! We ordered:Sampler plate with wolf turds, chicken lollipop, and potato skin: 5/5 definitely recommend all that we got. My fav was the wolf turd! 2 meat entree: 5/5 got pork spare ribs and burnt ends with corn bread and baked beans! Definitely recommend both! The meat was amazing in different ways. The pork spare ribs are tender and falls off the bone. The burnt ends have an amazing smoked flavor, is fatty, but can have a chew to it. Baked beans were amazing, one of the best I've had. Corn bread was also amazing, moist on the inside!House mac n cheese: 4/5 it's definitely home made, nothing frozen or packaged which was nice, but I felt like it was missing something. Overall bbq was amazing, but I've gotta say I've had better. This does the job since I'm in the bay area though!"}, {"review_id": "8vJZeJp_HfhpS39y2f8irQ", "user_id": "XusvvWchjc9ToYTv0qH6AQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/13/2018", "text": "I will start by saying the service was an absolute 5+ stars. The lady who waited my table couldn't have been more friendly and genuine.  I would go back for no other reason than to have her brighten my day. With that, I thought the food was slightly better than average. I had the ribs & hot links with Mac and cornbread. The links had good flavor but lacked a meaty consistency and was a little dry. The ribs were average lacking that wood smoke and spice rub combo kick I was hoping for. I like a rib where the meat is fall off the bone tender. This wasn't that. Mac was bland and I had to pull some flavor out of it with salt. Corn bread was good but cold. Did I mention the waitress was a refreshing ray of sunshine?"}, {"review_id": "3btQMDHh7o0pbloCDSJehw", "user_id": "4jMk8LGe8c0U4lN5z7rbdw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/11/2018", "text": "I am very happy this place exists! My boyfriend and I came back from Texas recently and we had really good BBQ. Once we came back, we were still craving for BBQ so we decided to go back to Smoking Pig with our friends! For me, I had Smoking Pig once years ago so I didn't really remember if it was good or not. It definitely is up to my BBQ standards!**Food - For appetizers, we ordered two orders of burnt ends and 8 wolf turds to share amongst 6 people. So good! We all love burnt ends. The wolf turds are amazing. Cheese, jalapeno and bacon all in one bite!!!!For myself, I ordered 2 meat combo. I got pork ribs, fatty brisket, mac and cheese and corn bread. The pork ribs were great and I loved the fatty brisket! The mac and cheese was good too but would've been more amazing if it had bacon topped on it.My boyfriend ordered 1/2 rack of ribs and it came with 7 or 8 ribs. For $22 for this item, that is a steal since it comes with sides and my boyfriend did not finish it at all! The 1/2 rack is actually pretty big!Oh, can't forget the sauces!! I love the Kansas spicy sauce the most but all the other sauces were good too.**Service - The service is extremely quick. Once we walked in the restaurant, we were greeted by the host and he seated us immediately. Our waitress was very nice and food came out fairly quick.**Ambiance - A classic American joint feel. The restaurant is pretty spacious.Overall, this is a great BBQ place if you don't want to travel 3000 miles to Texas for BBQ. The prices are very reasonable and portions are generous."}, {"review_id": "kqe0BpEaqR7etIx2wjclPg", "user_id": "7x1LWVBDNRaR1lPyfp3JUQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/23/2018", "text": "One of the more delightful BBQ meals I've had in a long time! On my recent trip to Milpitas-San Jose, I was complaining while skimming yelp that there were no good places to eat at...but I mean, do you really need variety when you have this place open? We ubered over and quickly found ourselves in a run down, kinda dinky restaurant...but thats okay. The food made up for it! We ordered the most popular items: WOLF TURD ($5~): 2 delicious pieces of stuffed creamy jalapeños wrapped in a juicy bacon blanket,the 2 MEAT COMBO for $17 which came with 2 ribs and their BURNT ENDS for an extra $3. BURNT ENDS WERE SOOOO GOOD!!! I loved that juicy meat with sweet bbq sauce slathered on. MUST GET!! The combos came with a choice of sides...we got rice and their mac & cheese. Those were awesome too....stretchy cheese in fresh tasting macaroni...The portions were perfect!...Ribs were pretty big...not the teeny eensie ones...The best part is that you get to slap your favorite BBQ sauce onto your ribs! My favorites were the Classic & Kansas city hot, but they also had Carolina Sassy & California Honey."}, {"review_id": "-Z6yHjPwWQUQUQFhChsxJQ", "user_id": "-JHAWoDhrO0GXs1lk9ppzw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/2/2018", "text": "We've been on sort of a BBQ kick lately. I found The Smoking Pig near the San Jose Center for The Performing Arts (not walking distance before a show, but a three minute drive). They have their own Anyway, We sampled a few things, and we split a rack of Baby Back Ribs. The ribs were meaty and moist. The seasoning was a nice balance to the smokey flavor. For sides we enjoyed the Mac and Cheese, which had plenty of real cheese flavor. The corn muffins were deliciously sweet, and a perfect accompaniment to the ribs. They have a wonderful assortment of beers; a reason to stop by on their own. The Smoking Pig gets very busy and, notoriously, develops a line, so get there early and allow more time to get to where you wanna go early so you don't have to rush. We got comfortable and didn't rush our meal, and that was a nice part of the experience.The meats are smoked right there, out back, on the property, so the meat comes moist and fresh and smoked to perfection. There is a variety of sauces available at the table, but I suspect you won't need much of it. But, if you do, they have a roll of paper towel on each table!"}, {"review_id": "i2DfYEKmrBekZSdWQiU0QQ", "user_id": "LGAy2_yjOgd4Sb3R-caQIw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "The portions here are huge and very flavorful. This wasn't the best bbq i ve had, but its very high up there. The homemade sauces were awesome. All of the meats were delicious, especially the burnt ends. The beans were the best beans I've ever had. Ive had really good beans before but these were amazing! The mac n cheese was very good. The peanut butter pie with oreos crust was so good and the whip cream on top was probably freshly made because it was very light but still dense. The fries were also some of the best home made fries ive had. Think in n out style fries but tastes even better. All the food was exceptional and great, friendly service. The only thing that i thought was overrated and that i would not order again the next time im back were the wolf turds."}, {"review_id": "SaiUVnqDaFf6eAaqqjpr4A", "user_id": "eIFrhVOV1g2d9KD36HjKCA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/14/2018", "text": "Hands down, best BBQ ever! Every time we are in San Jose, I make sure that Smoking Pig is one of our go to stops before we leave. We can't get BBQ like this anywhere in Hawaii so it's always a treat. We definitely don't hold back when we go here. We usually order off the ala carte menu and take it back home. Make sure you order early because sometimes they do run out. Anyways, we always get the ribs, brisket, and chicken. The ribs and brisket are the best. Very well seasoned and super tasty . The meats are wonderful but it's also all the other things that the offer that make this place top notch. The sides that complement the BBQ meats are also delicious. We usually get the baked beans and macaroni and cheese. And if you really are hungry, you should try their appetizers. The last time we went we tried appetizers. One was a potato grenade and it was pretty much a baked potato stuffed with Mac and cheese, bacon, and jalapeños.  I've never had anything like it, very very tasty. My husband got the wolf turds. It really looked like wolf turds, but the flavor was good. Wolf turds are jalapeños stuffed with cheese and sausage and then wrapped with bacon. Oh just writing this review just makes me want to go back again. I can't wait to come back and eat here! If you haven't tried it, you just gotta try it out."}, {"review_id": "lU8BmHPpdDDntlDBshuadA", "user_id": "WJdBQObMAKxX3ADpSXs3GA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/18/2018", "text": "This is the place where I celebrated the end of me being vegan, and the perfect place it was to have done so. I was vegan for too long and though I still avoid certain types of meat, I still absolutely enjoy eating here. I like to start with the wolf turds, which isn't spicy and that's the way I like it since I'm not a huge fan of jalapeños. My go to is the 1/4th rack of ribs with sides of rice and mac and cheese. Their pulled pork and burnt ends are good as well, but sometimes they run out of the burnt ends. I love mixing the sauces, too, but I usually just pour their original BBQ sauce over everything. This is the best BBQ place I have ever gone and I always recommend this place to my family and friends over any other BBQ place. Whenever I am craving bbq, this is the place to go. Random fact: they have their own snap chat story, which was told to me by one of the host."}, {"review_id": "7fvymBLJppMW_KlJwm0Kkw", "user_id": "hbRrznAO71wZFY1od2EJag", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Recently visited. The staff is very nice, the service is great. Ordered the ribs and beef brisket. The fatting beef brisket was pretty good. I wouldn't say great but it was pretty good. The ribs were not as good. I wouldn't get the ribs here in the future. The bbq bean side item were probably best item there."}, {"review_id": "-CCFSfvtW_GPWb8QA2-JvA", "user_id": "GG7PBcb-PbDKVb3jo-G7lA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/5/2018", "text": "You simply can't go wrong with the Two-Meat Combo - Any Two Different Meats for $17.95. My faves are the Pork Spareribs and Beef Brisket with Corn Bread and Southern Greens! The meats are tender and one of the four sauces will definitely rock your taste buds. (I still prefer the Original BBQ though.)The Wolf Turds were popular! I'll have to give them a go next time.Service was super-attentive and very pleasant!The parking lot is not too big, so be forewarned if going during primetime."}, {"review_id": "qHcx_XbeSVqkdOeEyyabwQ", "user_id": "Jc4CdqYIm0NLxs9f_sMgeA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/13/2018", "text": "Brisket was so moist! JK it was pretty dang dry unfortunately. The ribs were the best part of my meal. Mac and cheese was decent and cornbread was a bit dry"}, {"review_id": "CmvpdEMl9iF_qUq7Y7RkLQ", "user_id": "st-HcTLPF3hR6TXATb9DqQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/3/2018", "text": "We had just spent a very LONG day at Monterey Bay Aquarium and had to drive back to San Francisco area with a car full of hungry people. We all decided this was a good middle of the road place without having to go much further with low blood sugar. It is an easy drive to find off the highway, nothing crazy, a few turns and we were there. We pulled up to a full parking lot and could see they were packed. We all debated going in, but once we walked in we got a table right away. They had a few open. They had great service. There were a couple of guys coming by to make sure we had everything taken care of. There were 4 adults and two toddlers in tow. We started with Wolf turds, smoked Jalapeno peppers, wrapped in bacon and with a little smoked sausage inside. They were the best I have ever had. We all ordered pretty much the same thing, brisket, chicken, sausage, which is spicy, cole slaw and baked beans. Everything was excellent except for the cole slaw. It was really bland and made me wish I had ordered something else. I didn't get the beans but everyone was saying they were above average good. I would definitely go back without a doubt. They also packed us up generous to go cups of BBQ sauce for our left overs. The funny thing is though, we never said where we had been, but one guy waiting on us said, \"we will pack this so you can take it back to your hotel room\" We were all too tired to say we were driving back to SF area where our residence is and get into that conversation, but we must have looked like road worn out people who must be far from their beds at 7:30pm. Toddlers will do that to a person."}, {"review_id": "ehPDdvOyLmrzfFMtbN_IWQ", "user_id": "GEmaBgrBPzUs92tUkIM2VA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/4/2017", "text": "After months and months of delicious eats flooding my Yelp|IG feed, I was super excited to finally give this place a try. TY to my bro and sil for introducing me to Smoking Pig BBQ.We arrived on a cold, wet, stormy day and the restaurant was still poppin. That is a clear sign that this place serves up good eats.Our party of 4 ordered: SAMPLER PLATTER [choose your choice of 3 items]- wolf turds, chicken lollipops, & BBQ potato skins.BURNT ENDS [limited availability]- twice smoked fatty brisket & decked out in sweet sauce.JUMBO LEG QUARTER- bbq smoked leg quarter with cornbread and famous bbq beans.2 ITEM MEAT COMBO- pork spare ribs & beef brisket with fries.1/4 RACK OF SPARERIBS with mac & cheePEANUT BUTTER PIE [slice]KEY LIME PIE [slice]Each table is completed with 4 delicious bbq sauces: Classic, California Honey, Carolina Saucey, Kansas City Hot. Food came out in a timely manner and tasted delicious. The highlight of our meal was definitely the Burnt Ends [moist|juicy with a nice level of sweetness that kept me wanting more], Wolf Turds [the jalapeños definitely had heat but the sweet sausage & cheese helped tame it slightly], Spareribs [cooked to perfection and fell right off the bone] & lastly, The PB Pie [light, creamy, and not overly peanut buttery where it makes you sick].Come if you haven't already tried!! You won't be disappointed!!!"}, {"review_id": "JrFARKh575__UHzysUL_pg", "user_id": "7FcpuLQHNFA9xz8B3PGYNg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/9/2018", "text": "I came here after a long day of walking after the Viva Calle San Jose Event. It was only a bit of walking distance from where I was at. Even though there was a city wide event that day, we were easily able to get a table. I had lunch with all Pokemon Go Players and we all enjoyed the restaurant had it's own Pokemon Gym. I had their two meats combo and picked the brisket and burnt ends. The burnt ends were to die for. They melted right in my mouth. I really enjoyed the brisket as well. They have plenty of sauces to choose from to drizzle unto your meat. I also greatly enjoyed their baked beans."}, {"review_id": "j7bDJbIU4KQIk5XlgyN2qA", "user_id": "z8Pul1bxxh4EJ9GIT3fsig", "rating": 4.0, "date": "10/27/2017", "text": "I've been trying to drag my family here for AGES now ever since my coworker brought me here for a midday lunch. Because, well, hel-LO delicious pieces of my reason to live. Just stepping into their parking lot is an experience. Mainly, because they have two cookers out back so you get all that delicious smelling smoke your way as soon as you step out of the car.It's a diner. Beyond casual, kind of looks run-down inside, but honestly? Nobody is there for the interior decorations. On the weekdays, you'll find all kinds of people at Smoking Pig. Families, truckers, business people, and they're all there because BARBECUE. Just old, hometown barbecue on a tray with a bit of sides and their choice of additional sauces (Classic, Carolina Sassy, California Honey, or Kansas City Hot). Really good for the taking the family, going out with a bunch of friends to relax, and the honest dates where neither parties are afraid to get messy. Given half the chance, I would .It makes for some fun experimenting with different combinations. The coworker I went with actually liked to add a mixture of California Honey and Kansas City Hot onto her pulled pork sammy. When I tried it, it was too hot for me to take more than a few bites, but still REALLY GOOD. I ended up getting the burnt ends that seem to be so famous, and I've gotta say: it's for good reason. It was greasy, juicy, and delicious. Every bite is that most delicious part of the bbq that you wished had lasted. And now you have it.Onto the sides. I got macaroni and cheese and I'm...I'm pretty sure somebody is going to call me out back and challenge me to a fist fight for this. Truth is, I'm actually not that big of a fan of the mac and cheese here. It's been cooked to the point of mush and doesn't really have much of a flavor even by itself. Then paired with the actual barbecue or even the beans, it gets even MORE overpowered. What I ended up doing was adding the different kinds of bbq sauces straight in into my mac and cheese. Which, actually, was quite fun to experiment with as well.Service was top-notched, as well. We were immediately seated and orders were taken. My other coworker at the time actually didn't end up eating her order, having been stuck outside for a phone call the entire time. Our server was kind enough to pack everything up for her and the rest of us, even warming hers up a bit so that she could eat it when we got back to work. Definitely a place to try at least once. Wear your casual clothes and your non-vegan and non-vegetarian friends (place definitely favors the  carnivorous), and come enjoy!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/smoking-pig-bbq-san-jose?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]