[[{"review_id": "pI5VXBYmOny784iV8j7MhQ", "user_id": "lcvzFfl-fw3gDyBQlNT9hQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "This is the best Ethiopian food we've found in the area, and among the best Ethiopian food I've had.  We shared a veggie combo, which is enough for two people to feel satisfied but not stuffed.  If you're very hungry, you might want to add something else.The standouts of this dish for me were the shiro--which I've usually seen as a separate side dish, not a standard part of a vegetarian platter--and especially the misir wot (red lentils), which was delicious.  My husband preferred the alicha wot (split peas).  We received exactly enough injera for our meal, which is much appreciated, because we've visited other restaurants where we had to keep requesting more injera.It was a little busy on a Sunday around lunchtime, but the wait wasn't unreasonable.  There were many people waiting by the time we left, however, so be ready to wait for a table.  There's also construction in the parking lot, so parking may also be difficult."}, {"review_id": "2n5kHntUamcpPM1KU0iIZA", "user_id": "xiZ8pb5wQJ7yUNz75URsKA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "I've been here a couple of times already so it's about time I give this place a good review. I came here on a Friday evening around 7pm expecting it to be super pack but luckily there wasn't a wait for my party of 4 until around 8pm. That's when it started to get crowded. Also parking can be a challenge as they are constructing a new building in the parking lot.The last time I was here I got the meat and veggie platter. I didn't enjoy the meat combo as much as the veggie platter. So this time around I came with friends who hasn't had it before so we ordered the veggie platter with kitfo (raw as recommended by my awesome Ethiopian coworker. She told me it was beef with purified butter. Beef and butter, I do not see how it can be bad), the chicken tibs (that our waitress recommended), the chicken sambussa and I asked for gluten free injera (Ethiopian coworker told me it's traditionally like that). This was a lot of food, more than enough for 3 adults and a baby.The chicken sambussa I thought was okay. It looks like egg rolls and when I first bit into it, it didn't really taste like chicken. The texture was like grounded tofu and to me tasted kind of bland. It comes with a sauce that kind of helped. It reminds me of a smoky chipotle sauce. I personally wouldn't get it again.When the platter came out, I reached for the injera and dove straight into the kitfo. I noticed there was some kind of red powder next to it and I pitched a bit and put it my mouth. I coughed profusely. I was eating it all wrong. As I was trying to recover a gentlemen worker came over and showed me how to eat it. I should have dapped my injera into the powder then grab the meat. I thought the kitfo was good but no wow factor to me. However, what blew my mind was the chicken tibs. My mouth is salivating just typing this review. I was happy and sad about it. Happy that it was so good but it was an extra item that we ordered based on our waitresses recommendation and we didn't finish everything. As an Asian, I always feel bad wasting food and none of us wanted to take the leftovers. The veggie platter itself was great as usual even though I still don't know what each of the veggie item was called.Definitely a place I would return to again in the future. Love the food and can't way to be back to try other items from the menu. Service: When it gets busy you really have to wave them now but aside from that the staff is crazy friendly, they did a great job bringing us our food."}, {"review_id": "VKQwnBIg0oh6G1iuqFhePg", "user_id": "kyJDxoNjnBpEn-HwSvdMUg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "Food is absolutely delicious. Tried the baklava . Its warm, crispy, sweet touch. Sooooooooooooooo goood!Photo: doro on the grill. This dish is like fajitas.Also on the photo is the doro tibs which has a curry sauce taste or a mole taste!The grilled beef was delicious. Great seasoning and the caramalized onions were also good."}, {"review_id": "4H0_40FQU7-6dnDiJL7u2g", "user_id": "ZMocFA2lNMJeiKjguUKu7g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/21/2018", "text": "I've been to a few Ethiopian places and wasn't a fan until I tried this place.Now I know why people enjoy Ethiopian cuisine. Like anything, if done right it's amazing.I know this sounds weird, but we had the Kifto (raw beef with spices). It's like a beef tartare with spiced butter, but OMG was it the best close to mooing cow I've ever had.The side veggies were all good. Here's the low-down:Misir Wot: Red Lentils was my favorite, really good spices and flavor.Gomen: Great collard greens that are soft and not bitter with a buttery flavor to it.Atikilt Wot: Tastes like potatoes and carrots in a stew like fashion.We also got the Yebeg Tibs, a lamb dish which was not gamey tasting at all.The spongey bread they served it with is how you scoop up your meal, in case you were wondering, and the bread itself was better than the ones I've had in San Francisco. This one actually had a sweetness to it and I ended up eating basketful after basketful since it comes with your meal.This wasn't my first Ethiopian meal, I've tried several in SF and LA and have always walked away hungry and wiping my tongue with my napkin because the flavors just didn't sit well with me. Everyone has their own palate, and this was the first time where a light bulb moment hit me and I understood why people like Ethiopian food.The waitress here was also super attentive and nice, and this place would be recommendation for anyone who wants to try Ethiopian food for the first, or in my case, the 6th time."}, {"review_id": "nketJpncb8mP12UJeyNudw", "user_id": "KQsL_rb4QkExjldghkUkvg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/26/2018", "text": "The meats are incredibly flavorful thanks to the seasoning.I enjoyed the meal, but I think I just don't enjoy the sour Ethiopian bread used to scoop meals that much.  If I come back, I'll order a salad or quinoa version.This place can get quite busy so it might make sense to try to time your visit to beat the noon and 6 pm rushes on the weekend."}, {"review_id": "HQlJTuV8ouebUk43BgMFEA", "user_id": "bokdbrkCIdNBJ2ObMD-4TQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/7/2018", "text": "My husband and I get the same thing every time we eat here: The Vegetarian platterWhat you get: 5 different delicious bites atop a large piece of injera. One is with collard greens, another is a cabbage/carrot mix, and the other 3 are reminiscent of a curry. Each has a distinct flavor and the side of injera serves as the perfect vessel to scoop up all the yummy-ness.For you first timers you eat with your hands, but don't worry they give you a wet-nap at the end of the meal. I'm also a sucker for a bargain and 1 veggie platter is enough to leave 2 people full and out the door for $20!"}, {"review_id": "XFCVf7NZSO6fLOojWop_wg", "user_id": "j8m6Qn1aCwSYEBbXlVGgGA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/5/2018", "text": "What took me so darn long to try Ethiopian food???? I just recently tried a well regarded spot in San Francisco and had a great experience and decided to take the wifey for her first experience at this wonderful establishment in the South Bay. What is Ethiopian food? Well for starters you eat the food with your hands and you can also order family style so you better trust the people you're eating with (i kid i kid). The Injera (ethiopian flat bread) is the lettuce wrap/tortilla/whatever you want to call it that you use to eat their wonderfully flavored sauces/meats/vegetables. This time we ordered a family style meal with Chicken , Beef , Vegetables and several sauces. We had concerns that the meat/offerings would be too spicy for us so we simply mentioned it to the staff and they made the sure  to point us in the direction of stuff that wasn't too spicy which was MUCH appreciated.Everything was super delicious , great service & ambiance. If you haven't tried Ethiopian food try it soon and see if it's for you. I greatly regret waiting so long to try it for the first time!  The family meal (feeds 3-4)  with tax and tip was around $60 or so."}, {"review_id": "unLwlSRpj0EB8Aq4skhGMg", "user_id": "zr5p4mKNk9bhIYa4Y3pP0A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/7/2018", "text": "Oh lala!!!!!!  What a wonderful find!!!   The   combo is so good !!   5 stars  out of 5 !!!"}, {"review_id": "hLb6AaEuanwlG4AtDLqy4w", "user_id": "opLkpVx3YMKbzbFnZd0nWA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "First time here..... More than delicious, very tasty food. Very good service. Picture taken little late sorry"}, {"review_id": "EKylRZG3sgupddT6qKWHvg", "user_id": "wE-KwSwjhVH-ibz12K4Vsw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/18/2018", "text": "Best of the best of the best. This place is really good. Only my second time having Ethiopian food and it was amazingly delicious. The place was almost full when we got there, but were quickly seated and our orders taken. We took a recommendation from the server and it was delicious. I seriously cant wait to go back."}, {"review_id": "UoAJH9M09uSfNRd1jVRAnQ", "user_id": "MKF01gMy2qMPyG7y8MIdxA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/2/2018", "text": "Came here with some friends for a belated Christmas get-together, and really enjoyed our meal! Located along Stevens Creek Blvd on a corner plaza, Walia serves Ethiopian food and drink all with a side of injera. It was all of our first times with Ethiopian food and we're so glad Walia was the one to introduce it to us. Food was delicious, man! Our group of six ordered the following: Chicken SambussaLentil SambussaZuck ComboHouse ComboIt was definitely more than we could finish, and I wish I had a second stomach to eat what we couldn't. A majority of us loved the lamb and chicken, as well as the collard greens. We also ordered their Ethiopian coffee, honey wine, and beer to try among the group. Very tasty all around, and paired really well with the food!With it being our first experience with Ethiopian food, our server guy gave us the run down on the proper way to eat. He also provided us with recommendations (which we went with), and I'm glad he did! By the end of the night, we were stuffed and happy. Will definitely come back. OR I will probably DoorDash them (yes, they deliver!)!"}, {"review_id": "qal_uktbYsVUdYbAxKQDWQ", "user_id": "VHvFvXY2KShzNFSaZnPmHw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Walia is the stuff dreams are made of! I'm not even exaggerating a little bit when I say that. I've had Ethiopian food all over the city and in Little Ethiopia when I used to live in Los Angeles. This is some of the best Ethiopian food I've ever had, hands down! I am literally in love with this place. I always get the veggie combo and now being vegan, I couldn't be happier because the veggie combo is vegan and just hot damn mouthwatering delicious!!!"}, {"review_id": "n2sFA0Zo8m4cZIYef8j8Bw", "user_id": "xhNEtFJZbiWfzDGv1j2eTA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/19/2017", "text": "Uhm WOW. Walia has blown me away... My husband and I came here directly after a long drive from Bakersfield and were thrilled to be only 1 of 2 couples in the restaurant. I ordered the alicha wot and side of misir; my husband ordered the mushrooms tibs. Woohoo for vegan options! The staff was nice and attentive and our food came out quickly. We both ate our food so fast that we were silent the entire time. It was a bit pricy but OH WELL. The food was honestly so fantastic that it didn't matter. Walia is definitely up there on my \"favourite Ethiopian restaurants\" list now!"}, {"review_id": "MPhPiZL25n0bb7LyTTGG9w", "user_id": "c1N4rx7lTX-CJKXZ9hQ_fA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "Wonderfully fragrant spices and delicious food, beer and tea! Smiling faces who serve you. The best!"}, {"review_id": "rGkHvK8MpC2mNQWkm38DPQ", "user_id": "BjpbMSj8ZGsE2T6N8F837g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/9/2018", "text": "Of course the first review I write for Ethiopian food will be for walia, the figurative king of Ethiopian restaurants in the Bay Area. Until now the only opportunities I've had to enjoy Ethiopian food was when I went to zeni and in 8th grade when an Ethiopian classmate of mine brought some injera to school. In terms of Ethiopian food, I can't say I'm the biggest fan, personally I prefer the more mellow spices of India over the robust sharp flavors found in Ethiopian food(I'm not super into ginger). However why this place deserves a 5 star review is because I simply think they do any amazing job at Ethiopian food. You shouldn't criticize food unless you possess the standard of taste, and I am pretty sure that from an Ethiopian perspective, these flavors are authentic and amazing. The waiter here was super chill, he was a mixture of politeness and coolness, simply awesome person. He gave me a wonderful recommendation of the juicy beef tibs with a side of collard greens. I never really enjoyed collard greens until I had them today, theirs were so tender yet not overcooked and still retained the unforgettable collards flavor. But what made the experience unique was definitely the juicy beef tibs, I ordered it spicy any boy did it deliver. My tongue was overwhelmed by the dozens of flavor profiles present in the beef but what I found most peculiar about this dish was how despite the powerful flavors from the spices, they did not overshadow the rich beef flavors. That is the sign of a good cook, someone who can perfectly balance the flavors so each one compliments one another. Other than that, the injera was delicious, a bit too much carbs for me but hey, what are you gonna do, I'd rather eat tons of delicious carbs than sacrifice my honor by asking for a spoon. Next time I come here, I'll definitely try a vegetarian menu option, as I've never tried that variety of Ethiopian food. 5 hours later as I am writing this review, I can't stop thinking about the flavors. Perhaps this experience is similar to when I tried southern Indian food, where the initial reaction was meh but after a few hours I couldn't stop thinking about it. Ultimately, I was really glad I had the opportunity to try this place and will definitely come back."}, {"review_id": "VvejXSWNpvbfyuP1hkphiw", "user_id": "9YscsEluIeG1OA76CgYTAQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/15/2018", "text": "I have frequented many Ethiopian restaurants over the years....this one is by far my favorite experience. From the offerings, to the atmosphere, to the artwork and the staff, you will be fully impressed with your time here. Getting to the place may seem very confusing. It's in an unassuming location near a shoe store and a dollar tree, but as they say...looks can be deceiving. Once you enter, you see beautiful artwork on the wall. You see friendly, beaming staff and ample seating.Our waitress was very helpful and patient. Prices may seem a bit expensive compared to other restaurants but the quality has surpassed the other places I've experienced. My family and I ordered a combo plate to share, Ethiopian style (what other way is there to go?!) My partner who had never experienced Ethiopian food before, was presently surprised and converted. We did have to request more dorowat (they only provided one chicken leg and one egg, even though there were 3 of us). Other than that, we had a delightful experience. Definitely worth the trip from SF!"}, {"review_id": "dHz8wu7wGv3ZvJFDZxVOGQ", "user_id": "7DmUbNOJgTMYOX_Ap_Ja_w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "2nd time trying Ethiopian cuisine, so I don't have anything else to compare it to.Ambience- Dimly litSuper crowdedGreat soulful Ethiopian music playingSuper friendly workers Food-Had the beef carpaccio for the appetizer and it was so amazing! Great flavor, fresh meat with no Gamea taste at all.  Combo meat special with the beef stew and spicy chicken.  I liked the flavor of the beef stew but the meat was dry.  Hubs liked the chicken more.Garbanzo beans was best I've ever seen it prepared. So creamy and flavorful! I'm not a big fan of the bread since it's on the sour side.  I would probably eat here a lot more often if they added another option for the bread. Still it wasn't that bad. The last time we went to an Ethiopian restaurant, it was a lot more sour.  Still great food and I'd love to come back to try other items on the menu."}, {"review_id": "4XRlmL9MXFfWwmc5jj19EA", "user_id": "fvfw6LR4qdZk8-tpVqQDFQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/15/2018", "text": "Only Ethiopan place that I really liked.  I went to this restaurant after a few friends convinced me to try Ethiopian again after I had given a few years ago. I don't remember the names of veggies we ordered, but they were good. They have something to suit everyone's taste. Do try their honey wine!"}, {"review_id": "61FPSXz81QVhV2OHjsvDow", "user_id": "fhZtdEyrtkFqybH9nQeiPw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/12/2018", "text": "It was my first time eating Ethiopian food, and I thought everything tasted amazing. First, I appreciated a hand wash station outside the restaurant. We ordered the House Combo which filled 3-4 average sized people, but if you have a particularly hungry group, you might want to order one more dish. The lamb tibs were amazing--my favorite thing on the platter. It had delicious veggies and deep flavor. The salad was a pleasantly subtle considering my palate had become overwhelmed by the end of the meal. Plus you get unlimited injera! Service was fantastic and provide plenty of advice and suggestions if you are new."}, {"review_id": "SNoidQeZ8YzBtzOXQEPgYA", "user_id": "iMZ5b31T7KMkWgiEZYLf6g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/20/2017", "text": "Uhh..does the Chef here want to be friends with us so I can eat this food everyday?! A friend of ours recommended this place to us so we decided to give it a try. Upon arrival, I noticed it was insanely packed! Although I hate sitting shoulder to shoulder with strangers,  we decided to give it a shot.Here's my take!Food: We tried their Sambussa ( very similar to an Indian Samosa in my opinion), honey wine, and a meat combination platter. Although the restaurant was insanely packed, our food came out pretty fast. Everything was so incredibly delicious! I love their injera (bread) and how it's served on a huge platter to share. Ambience: Pretty small / tightly packed dining area. It is almost impossible to have a conversation since you can hear every other conversion / noise in the restaurant. We sat near a family of screaming children but I didn't even care because I was mind blown by the food! We'll definitely come back!! I wish there were private rooms so we could actually hear one another!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/walia-ethiopian-cuisine-san-jose?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]