[[{"review_id": "mTzrLpm8OqebD5ZYPqFd_Q", "user_id": "j-u1BFiYgTJbK3NEeq1Rzg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "It all started with me searching for a place to have breakfast.And now i have brought my wife here for breakfast, brunch and even lunch many times. I always order their steak and eggs (TO DIE FOR!!!) and it have never failed me. My wife is the one that always try other dishes and through her we tried a variety from their menu. *Must Try: Benedicts, biscuits, Awesome freshly squeezed Orange Juice. Only point to take note, in my opinion some of the food here lack of seasoning probably due to health conscious diners. But this can be easily fixed with the condiments they provide on the table for us."}, {"review_id": "QWR5P7qZTdMeBHKMOXkeOw", "user_id": "Z2a6mcKF9syTKgrzY0acGw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "Typical breakfast fare but the service was excellent. We told the server we were splitting a dish so they split it equally into 2 bowls as you can see in the picture. Place was packed on a Saturday morning but you have the option of sitting outside in the chilly NorCal weather without a wait. They have heat lamps."}, {"review_id": "hWxXXkD0Odp1GifdtRNTzQ", "user_id": "RbvxCaj3YtfSg5le3fNfhw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "We went at the golden hour just before 9am...Only a 15 minute wait.They have coffee in the lobby/waiting area, so thats nice while you wait. Inside gets crammed fast, but there are seats outside as well.When we were seated we got served coffee first, but our waitress was no where to be seen. Finally after maybe another 5 or 10 minutes order was placed.If you come on a weekend there is nothing under $7.99 unless you're a kid under 12. Weekday specials are a different story...Lots to choose from so I don't think you'll have a problem picking something to eat.I had just a standard Belgium waffle and it was light and fluffy. Coffee was coffee...nothing too special."}, {"review_id": "9KGeCrQkL7AcD_G-e2rKpQ", "user_id": "A0vrrrlK43huRSyd4n7vdg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/25/2018", "text": "Had been to Bill's Cafe for my birthday brunch with a dear friend and the experience was amazing and we had a great time. We were seated soon without any wait.We had too much food for just two people, haha but everything was scrumptious. I have been to another Bill's Cafe on Willow St and really loved their Hot Chocolate and it was equally good here too. My friend had the soup of the day which was some Lemon Chicken Soup and was quite good. It was super creamy and filling. I have to take the Belgian Waffles everytime I visit Bill's and absolutely devour them! Got a side of Chicken Apple Sausage which was good but a little tough. Wanted to try something I had never tried before. We had Smoked Salmon Benedict which comes with a side of either Fresh Hashbrowns or Fresh Seasoned Country Potatoes. The taste of raw fish was okay but I still prefer well-cooked or poached fish. Well, that's my personal opinion. You might like it more than I did.As it was my birthday, my friend was so sweet to let the staff know and they came playing drums and sang me a nice birthday song and also served us a complimentary slice of cake! That was so nice of them.Rating the following out of 5:AMBIANCE - 4FOOD- 4Hot Chocolate - 5Soup of the Day - 5Blueberries 'n' Cream Belgian Waffles - 5Smoked Salmon Benedict - 3CUSTOMER SERVICE - 5WAIT TIME - 5No wait time.HYGIENE - 5PARKING - They have a private lot just outside their restaurant but fills up quickly. We parked on the street."}, {"review_id": "TbnVnAPKlmeGLPicQCimKg", "user_id": "sahOl3gThWbDPNiRBWJ06A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/26/2018", "text": "Went to Bills Cafe as a group to celebrate a birthday morning brunch. This place is great. Clearly a ton of people feel the same way as they had an hour long wait. They do have a full bar you can grab a mimosa, etc from as well as coffee pots up front for waiting room to make their own cup of coffee. That's a quality customer service perk. We did get seated and the menu is great looking. It is huge and had a little of everything. Very good benedicts, pancakes, etc. The servings are pretty good sized and the flavors are nice. I tried the smoked salmon benedict for my meal and we shared a couple Hawaiian pancakes for the table. I would have crisped up the bagel for the Benedict some to add some crunch but the meal was really good and filling. Plus the drinks were yummy. Even the coffee tasted good. You will have to deal with a wait if you try to come here on a weekend. It is worth the wait but you just should be prepared and ready. Service was great and the food came pretty quick.  Plus, it was amusing how they bring you a shot (OJ) and a piece of French toast with a candle in it if it is your birthday. That was a fun embarrassing show for our friend."}, {"review_id": "qma69FJ7Q3Kis22eoXV_GA", "user_id": "xh84BlvTytrjuyOkSyevHg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/10/2018", "text": "Lives up the hype and embodies everything a good diner should be! Down to earth vibes and cool retro booths and swivel chairs. Not to mention the first thing you see when you walk in is the bar! You know you're in a special place when you can have a stiff drink with your eggs and pancakes. Staff was incredibly friendly and food came out fast even though they were packed. We tried the bacon and cheese omelet with avocados on top and fresh salsa on the side! Every bite was perfect. Thick cuts of bacon, soft, fluffy eggs, and the waiter decided to bring or extra avo for mine when he thought there wasn't enough on top! Extra avo is my dream come true. The hash browns were golden crispy on the outside and tender without being too oily. Looking forward to trying the drinks next time! The micheladas look incredible and would pair well with any of the omelets!"}, {"review_id": "p3h_KkCRLFSdfTHxfTR9mA", "user_id": "_tpzswb4NTS4bniz9aM1nQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/9/2018", "text": "Ordered me a cobb salad and it delivered on all fronts. Fresh veggies, lots of meat, and good amount of dressing. I felt like half healthy at least, lol. My friend ordered breakfast like a normal person here. She got over-easy eggs, pancakes and hashbrowns. I tried it all, delicious stuff. The pancakes were nice and fluffy.Our waitress was great, definitely a morning person. Made our experience delightful."}, {"review_id": "F-TGmvh4sU4wU7kpLIfaPg", "user_id": "lQttOvOc30AV5r2QyNRvKw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/18/2018", "text": "Bill's Café is a longtime favorite. I love their egg benedicts  and hash brown skillets! Also, this is my fave location! Conveniently located on The Alameda and a few minutes away from downtown SJ and Santa Clara University.If you go early (around 9 AM), wait is not bad. When you hit that brunch time (10:30 to 11ish), that's when you can expect a long wait.Food is delicious. Like I said, I love their egg benedicts and hash brown skillet. Definitely try one of those out! A lot of people tend to gravitate towards the crab cake benedict, so order that one if you like crab cakes. What else is good? Surprisingly, the Greek yogurt & honey. It's so simple but delicious! Pancakes and waffles are great too and not dry.Service is hit or miss. It really depends when you go and who you get it. Note: If there's no parking in the lot, there's another one next to Bill's Cafe!"}, {"review_id": "3LoO7uWptb-HL7vKRDYa5g", "user_id": "anQlEvNADUhW_T26p5IEVg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/4/2018", "text": "This cafe is a great spot and the location was perfect as it was across the street from where I was working. The inside has a vintage feel could use some modern touches but it wasn't a make or break for me since everything appeared to be in good condition. I was surprised the food was pretty good and a great value. The soups were really good (Greek lemon and a tortellini) and a cup was just enough since you automatically received a soup with your meal. Like I said great value and the portion sizes were plenty but if you wanted to get smaller portion they had an option for that too. So you didn't have to order a lot of food if you didn't want to. All staff were very nice and accommodating. They took my order promptly, refilled drinks and checked in to see if I needed anything. Overall great experience."}, {"review_id": "DgO-S2pcxIAfsUChDpsQsQ", "user_id": "Nq5UnGNhJy8oAjtQRryfrg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "We had the best breakfast with the best server here today.  The food was awesome and servings more than ample.  My fresh coffee kept coming and the kids actually loved their pancakes for once.  Most places can't get \"over medium\" eggs right.  The food is perfect."}, {"review_id": "1gMqBcqAdukoZY3mSQT5Kw", "user_id": "7xgCxQ0tBhVpKLWSXZ_tzQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/5/2017", "text": "This one is the best location. I've also been to the one in Willow Glen and the one in south San Jose and not only is the food better at this one but the service is also a lot better. Beware the wait can get really long if you come during prime brunch time. Even when I came around 9 a.m. on a Saturday they told me the wait would be about 30 minutes. There are times I've come around noon and they said the wait was an hour or more.  You have to be here when they call your name or you'll get skipped. That happened to me once even though I left my cell phone number. but if you come back they'll seat you immediately. Parking is also tough here. The lot is really small so you might have to park on the street which is perfectly safe. I love the omelettes here. They're hearty and filling and the portions are huge. I always have leftovers when I come here. If you want something sweet I also love the strawberry waffles and the banana pancakes. Sadly they don't have cappuccinos. You'll just have to settle for regular coffee. But they do have fresh orange juice!"}, {"review_id": "5n9fz4ADN_GA1OfDPJyi4w", "user_id": "xWK0YWgdUDN_S7vHpd5r5A", "rating": 1.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "I ordered steak and eggs here and I had a lot of expectations after waiting for 2 hours for food. Only to be disappointed. I ordered sourdough, steak and eggs. After waiting for quiet a while the food actually came. I noticed immediately that the steak that I ordered medium rare came to my plate well done. The toast came 15  minutes later. After our waiter passed by and stared at my food several times I finally cut open the driest piece of meat. Towards the end of our meal the waiter finally asked how my meal was."}, {"review_id": "0QHCCrrXbIDmSDxJe0mgAQ", "user_id": "4Fw7YulFRjK_DcMNweSPlA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/24/2018", "text": "Bill's Café, opened in 1977 serves great brunch. We went around 1PM and it was still crowded. Complimentary coffee made our 45 minute wait bearable. They have friendly staff, gamut of options to kickstart your day. We ordered Fajita Omlette from the Specials menu with Hawaiian pancakes on the side. Pancakes were heavenly! Omlette was decent and had nice flavors. Portobello Mushroom Benedict was good. Bloody Mary had the right amount of tang. There's additional parking adjacent to the Café. Overall it's a decent brunch place if you don't mind the wait!"}, {"review_id": "e-x9UkwmXKc-aw1m-5pS0A", "user_id": "9H41OqPTTdIdkeT2S5XGdQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/11/2018", "text": "This is my first time at this Bill's Cafe location. The service was great and everyone seemed polite. The food came out quick! Which leads me to believe why my food was lackluster.  The Denver omelette was bland and the country potatoes were very plain compared to my Dad's serving (father/daughter breakfast :-) . My toast wasn't toasted enough so it was kinda flopping around.  I used plenty of black pepper and salt to season it up. I still ate it because I'm not one to complain at a restaurant over stuff like that... it's not like it had a hair in it or something horrible... I would still come here again as I'm sure it was just a one-of-those kinda days I get a little less than expected. My soda was perfect lol... I can't express enough how much I hate it when food is great but the beverage kills it at some places. So, they had great Pepsi!"}, {"review_id": "bkbq0ZBQHJlLmlh43RPJrg", "user_id": "Jp3hk1tHWPs6E_tyPeWq_g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/13/2018", "text": "Greetings,Welcome to Bills Café A Breakfast tradition since 1977I had prior to visiting heard huge about this Café. Was slightly ignorant as to why is it so hyped! Truth- it deserves every bit of the aura it has earned over time. The vibes are great,hard to miss. If a place comes with such appreciation the 'long wait\" for being seated is just nothing.We had our brunch here recently on a weekend,Saturday. Waited close to 45 mins to be seated. Speaking of the ambience it's pretty simple and clean. Waiting area has a treat of coffee/tea for you. Staff is well versed and friendly.Once seated,pretty quick our order was taken for # Bread Pudding French toast,# Veggie Skillet# Coffee# Bills Famous Mimosa.1. Bread Pudding French Toast-This is most certainly their very flavorful bread pudding which is baked with walnuts and raisins,grilled to perfection. The batter is very rich which adds to the mouth watering taste of this delicacy. It comes topped with a fried banana and their secret bread pudding sauce. Absolutely divine!!Since we are vegetarians the part of eggs, bacon or sausage was very politely adhered too and eliminated. Portion size is good too.Overall every bite simply melts in your mouth! Very flavorful.2. Veggie Skillet-When the worlds healthy veggies fall into your plate the dish cannot be short of one being healthy which follows the great seasonings and flavors.This dish has a collage of mushrooms, asparagus, onions, tomato, spinach and cheddar cheese. Topped with sour cream and chives,it was a very well made dish. Cooked to perfection and seasoned well. I choose wheat toast with it.As again, being a vegetarian I wanted the dish without scrambled eggs,hash browns and it did come the way I wanted. The portion size is great for two.Wholesomeness!!3. Bills famous Mimosa-Champagne with fresh squeezed orange juice n strawberries which comes served in their famously gaint bowl. Very bright colored to the eye and tongue feels tangy. Balance of the champagne and the juice is pretty good. True,gaint is the bowl and to finish it may take a little while longer.As I conclude, all the inhibitions I had for here is now rested. The vibes and positivity both totally justified. Their foods,flavors,quality preparation and choices is spot on.Moderate prices this place has a very friendly approach and appreciation.One visit can never be enough."}, {"review_id": "hoU57Is4T_ssUblqH73ddw", "user_id": "g4hy01pV0A-GObqkRJY7Iw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "We were out in the morning and decided to stop by for Breakfast. The location was almost full with a few seats available. The noise level was a bit overwhelming. We had to almost shout to be heard. The service was okay and the food was okay. Nothing to highly recommend, but not a horrible place either."}, {"review_id": "fPCqeTI_kZQUrBxWl4Ex2A", "user_id": "QeQ0agrHTvtcodn9um_X0Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/31/2018", "text": "TL;DR - Good and fast service. Big portions. Good mimosas.Came here to have breakfast on a Sunday with a couple of friends. As expected, there was a wait and we waited for about 15 minutes. If you are early and want to wait you can def order drinks at the bar and take them to the waiting area. I will say that their mimosas, although small looking, carry quite a punch. Enjoy responsibly!I was craving something sweet that morning. I ordered a bread pudding, which seems to be an item that they are know for. I am a big big fan of bread pudding and I have to say I became a big big fan of their bread pudding.  After being seated, they were able to take our order pretty quickly and get our food pretty quickly as well. This was something that surprised me give that it was quite busy."}, {"review_id": "7z8wdII2qzJjJfkLkQ5Dew", "user_id": "AGkvWfzx5qOjnLMnhZd22g", "rating": 3.0, "date": "12/2/2017", "text": "First I'll say that I believe 3 stars is pretty generous. This place is overrated. I've gone here quite a bit over the years because I live within walking distance. I've also ordered take-out. The food is decent. I've eaten things all over the map. Crab cake benedict, grilled cheese, cobb salad, breakfast quesadilla, club sandwich, skillets, lox bagel etc... In my opinion nothing stands out from this place. It's good but I don't understand why people wait outside for long periods of time just to eat here. It's really no better than an Ihop or Denny's. This place is just average to me.I will continue to go to Bill's on occasion for the convenience. My advice is to go before 9am to avoid long waits."}, {"review_id": "78xV3w6Dv7ZD0eMg6RbUdQ", "user_id": "ToEoV4wvbSIHQVpR-rLtMg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/10/2017", "text": "Bill really has his eggs benedict game on point! They have a variety of benedict options to choose from, including salmon, mexcali, and crab cakes. I decided to live on the wild side and try the tri-tip eggs benedict, and while it wasn't the best tri-tip I've had, I was not disappointed.The wait is not too bad around peak hours and while it is a bit on the pricey side, the portions are pretty large!"}, {"review_id": "uEWueuIYelyRhngoAwCSTg", "user_id": "vWhKVMZTrPJ4t-f9BtzWXw", "rating": 1.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "Had to wait 30 minutes for our order and when the food finally got here it was very dissapointing."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/bills-caf%C3%A9-san-jose-9?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]