[[{"review_id": "wt7vRjz07kksWVnD-RQbrA", "user_id": "LQNKHmcSwWAvE_dRzghltg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/11/2018", "text": "Love love love the food, the service, the people, the environment! All great! Shout out to Brenda and all the staff who always take care of us and our friends and family! Cheers!!PS: Birthday shots are the greatest! Such an event!"}, {"review_id": "DYg5WojNtzutFBC7uAztwg", "user_id": "KE8v6mZkoC6C-4E0jnN5Aw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "I love this place to have breakfast, brunch or lunch. The atmosphere is crowded and friendly. And is pretty nice being outside on the warm days. I ordered the crab cake benedicts with hash browns, and I could finish it! Was a perfect Sunday brunch, and I could enjoy every single bite, looking at the people from the corner, feeling completely happy and relaxed.The service was super nice also.I need to go back and try the mimosas too!"}, {"review_id": "1Y17Y0pr71MpSNzhXDdhHA", "user_id": "iXGFdPV-1FraESqHtZ1T4w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/4/2018", "text": "Came here for a sales team meeting. Was lucky in the fact they were a little light and had room for a large group on the covered patio. Great menu selection, something for everyone.I had the PETALUMA scramble and it was good. They put salsa on just about everything. Just the right temperature/heat. Make sure to order the hash browns well done to make sure they are crispy. Overall a great experience."}, {"review_id": "369VWvMQ2XsNHvRipVC52A", "user_id": "Nic7o_phgrmx-mWqcggL1A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "The newly remodeled spot is great!  We arrived late in the day and were seated immediately.  The home run at this place is always the steak and eggs.  The steak is always amazing!  The service is prompt and efficient.  The pricing is decent and fair.  Not to noisy or overcrowded.  The only negative was they were out of yogurt at the end of the day so I only got a lonely omelet on my plate ."}, {"review_id": "Zbx1B5vC8dWPkMpssm9pRQ", "user_id": "rvsHu07Z48WiR3OsoR5epQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/16/2018", "text": "This place is always full and will always have a waiting time before you get a table. The staff of so friendly and nice - very welcoming. My first time there and I loved the atmosphere. It was loud because of the big crowd, but over all the experience was great.Good food and great drinks"}, {"review_id": "ydkd2HN_GXaoNleE1TO3jw", "user_id": "OF14X8uxFvQCaLvuerkb5w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/24/2018", "text": "3.5 stars for decent breakfast, good menu selection, and great service.Took a trip down to San Jose for a day trip and decided to come here upon recommendation that it was recently renovated and good Yelp reviews . The location is right off the Willow Glen shop strip which is super nice if you want to walk around. While they do have a private parking lot, it does get pretty packed. It gets kind of fussy when people start waiting around the full lot and it's hard for cars to come and leave.  We came around 10:30am and were seated right away indoors, though there is also nice outdoor seating with heaters. In terms of renovations, you can tell some parts of the interior are newer, though some of the furniture is still older and the lighting is kind of dim (especially in the back where we were seated). The menu here is super great for breakfast/brunch. They have delicious options of pancakes, scrambles, hashes, and, my favorite, benedicts! As expected, I opted for one of those--the Portobella Mushroom Benedict. Food came pretty efficiently, with the poached eggs cooked perfectly oozily. English muffin really soaked up all of the holladaise and the portobella added some texture to the dish. My only criticisms are that I wished it was seasoned a bit more (a little salt went a long way, which I added myself), and that the hashbrowns could have been a bit crispier for my taste.Our waiter was super nice and attentive, checking in on us and playfully joking around. Overall, I enjoyed the meal, especially for a close local spot with many breakfast choices. I thought nothing was to-die-for, but I wouldn't mind coming again if I stayed in the area."}, {"review_id": "HQiERORAnTiuLRJDn-NBvw", "user_id": "x87jCNTTgxdVZIcgCjibgQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/16/2018", "text": "This is our go-to breakfast / brunch spot. Food is absolutely worth the wait we sometimes have, especially on Sundays. Once you're seated, service is friendly and super quick! They have people who walk around refilling waters and coffee, which is much appreciated. Food always comes out super fast and is so good! I almost always order the Parisian French Toast, which is made out of a croissant and is delicious! If you don't want to wait for a table, seats at the bar are first come, first served, so that is a quick option if you have a small party. The most fun is when it's your birthday. I celebrated a birthday here a few years ago, and they brought out a shot of tequila for me to drink and then sang happy birthday while one of the cooks gave me a lap dance! Definitely an experience I won't soon forget. Love Bill's!"}, {"review_id": "tDzZhag5F4yAkLNxZSyHqg", "user_id": "Mm4QFPz9xbSJTWCdJaibuA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/19/2018", "text": "The wait was worth it. Went there Sunday morning and we waited about 45 minutes for a table inside the restaurant. I had the steak and eggs for less than twenty bucks. The steak was huge and cooked to a perfect medium rare. Service was prompt. Best breakfast I had in a while."}, {"review_id": "adA0HDsdhy7RWGLcvEAwxg", "user_id": "K6v0XrtRVVfkTndN3Dn6UA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/18/2017", "text": "I love a good brunch and this place didn't disappoint me. We got here around 11 am on Saturday. The place was packed and we had to wait for 20 minutes to get a seat. They had a coffee and water dispenser for the people who were waiting/standing outside the restaurant (never saw this at any other place).Food 5/5I am a foodie and its not easy to get a 5/5 from me. But whatever we ordered from there menu was really good !!Chorizo Omelet  with Hash Brown and Whole Wheat Toast - Delicious !! Minced chorizo wrapped in a perfectly cooked omelet topped with fresh salsa and avocado. I am not a hash fan but it was perfectly cooked and so crispy I finished the entire thing. The toasts were warm and buttered. Crab cake Benedict - My friend got it but I couldn't resist trying it. The crab cakes were delicious and perfectly seasoned. It also came with a side of hash brown. Bill's Scramble - Minced meat scrambled with fluffy egg !! Perfect. It was a flavor bomb, everything was mixed very well together and the eggs were so fluffy. It also came with a side of hash brown and whole wheat bread.Mimosa - Brunch is not complete without ordering mimosa. It was really refreshing for a Saturday morning. Banana waffles - Had to try them too !! Crispy and warm waffles topped with freshly chopped bananas and topped with whipped cream. Everything here tasted so well and the service here was great too! If you're coming on a weekend I definitely recommend coming before 11am to avoid the wait :) Great Place to try for breakfast/brunch! And for sure get the mimosas and waffles! You'll enjoy your morning just a little better ;)"}, {"review_id": "wBUbwwrP-RhAKDQWETgKPw", "user_id": "cx4LS_Jgb6JH-BF84n39Ew", "rating": 3.0, "date": "10/22/2017", "text": "I'm not impressed by this location. So, I came here today for brunch with a small group of peeps and the food I had was just EH. My hubby ordered the Chicken Fried Steak and I had the Embarcadero Salad with Smoked Salmon.Needs Improvement:- The chicken fried steak had rubbery pieces.- The smoked salmon on the Salad was the thinly sliced prepackaged type of fish, not the whole fillet.The Good:- The biscuit that came along with the chicken fried steak was good and fluffy.Overall, this location was OK and I think there are better brunch places to go to."}, {"review_id": "RTBYxWQbSju5o9yk58c4Wg", "user_id": "DCgsCzczEWG4lTNpHVsQhA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/29/2017", "text": "For four years I have lived walking distance from Bill's Cafe in WG, San Jose, but until recently I hadn't been here.  On weekends it's a scene complete with all the things I don't do well:  lines, no parking, people.  On weekdays I'm too committed to my protein shake/gym regimen to go out for breakfast, but a couple of weeks ago, with mild seasonal depression setting in due to shorter days and distance between me and those I care about I decided to go for comfort food and skip the weight bench.  I'm glad I did.Bill's Cafe has several locations, but the one in Willow Glen is the OG, I'm told.  On this particular weekday parking was easy and there was no wait.  I imagine the scene was different than what one would see on the weekend.  This day it was mostly retired guys trickling in with a newspaper under one arm, bellying up to the counter and grumbling about the day's events, business folks with laptops open trying to work on something and gnosh at the same time, or a few two-tops of people having a little face time over eggs.I'm not a lumberjack, and I don't play one on TV, but for some reason I decided to eat like one.  I ordered the chicken fried steak and eggs.  I took hash browns as my side and eggs over-easy.  I also had coffee, lots of cream, lots of sugar, like the Wolf would have it.  The food came fast.  It was a lot.  First a big plate covered with a slab of chicken fried steak smothered in sausage gravy with a biscuit on the side, also smothered.  Now this is genius and something I've never seen anywhere else: it's like chicken fried steak with a side of biscuits and gravy.  Well played.  Then another plate with 3 eggs (3?!?) and hash browns.  The eggs were cooked to perfection, but 3 was hard to get through.  The hashbrowns were a little chunky for my taste, I like them more golden and shredded smaller, but they were ok.  The biscuit was dry, but hey it had gravy on it so why complain?  The steak was fantastic, and the gravy was heavy AF.After this calorie binge I was in need of a nap, but nope, off to work, where I contemplated crawling under my desk for a siesta a few times.  More coffee helped me to power through.Bill's Cafe is good.  Real good.  Go get some."}, {"review_id": "Ar0OMnb_xSxhRQQWemw67Q", "user_id": "DjUNtpNNq57j_QLyi9-bGg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "Great breakfast joint. They have a really nice patio area. Staff was very attentive and provided exceptional service. They sat us at a table almost immediately. I got the cordon bleu eggs with bacons and avocado added to it. Portions are big, everything was fresh, croissant was nice and flaky. I'll definitely go back when I'm in the San Jose area, there were other things on the menu I wanted to try!"}, {"review_id": "u1XkPfPISxhYeu3cyseWgQ", "user_id": "sbg0TN4NBxZCzhSquZlDEQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "10/8/2017", "text": "Brunch post -I love catching up with friends over some brunch! I've been to Bills a few time but this was my first at this location. Parking is limited so I recommend driving in a neighborhood and walking over. We came around 10:15 on Saturday and the wait was about 10-15 minutes. First off, I think we overestimated ourselves hahaha. We definitely ordered more than enough for 3 people! I had the Breakfast Classic: Bacon, Eggs, Hashbrowns, and a Pancake on the side. The pancakes were probably my favorite! The next time I come, I'd most likely something more unique instead of my plain dish. My friend ordered the Santa Ana Scramble and it was delicious! (Especially with hot sauce). I also heard their Chocolate Chip Pancakes are bomb!! So I wanna try that as well hehe."}, {"review_id": "QTTXdIsYnvVjHk4jdgxKFQ", "user_id": "jynGTC7AOwHWFwc44glMfw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "7/19/2017", "text": "Solid brunch place in Willow Glen!This place definitely gets packed so beware of the wait times. I recommend people to put their name down at Bill's and than go across the street to \"The Table\". That way if one place is taking longer than the other, you have a back up. Bill has a speaker system that you can here names being called out from across the street too, but generally people hurdle around the parking lots around Bills. Parking here is tricky since the parking lot tends to fill up pretty quickly. The parking lot next to Bill's also says 1 hour limit, but I have never seen any tow trucks tow a car away. Most people who park in that lot come here for Bills. Anyways, if you just turn onto the residential street, there is usually plenty of street parking there. Just remember to always read the signs for any notices etc.I came here for Sunday and waited roughly 20 minutes for a table to open up. Service and employees here are very friendly and welcoming. I ordered the Parisienne French Toast and that was a lot of food! I was more than happy with the portions here, so that's a big plus! It came with a french toast croissant, a side of eggs and meat (bacon or sausage etc). I would say Bill's breakfast menu offers more variety as well as the classics. I'd come here again just because the prices and portions are quite fair. The table across the street is a tad more expensive in my opinion. I had to knock one star off because one of the waiters was trying to refill everyone's water cup but accidentally drenched our food on the table with no apologies."}, {"review_id": "opY1mJT3COQ08K1QK5y1JA", "user_id": "0CjBSicq-tkqZtUJx3yNng", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/7/2018", "text": "Great food and great vibes! Servers are awesome and are actively engaged with the customers which I think is awesome. I have been here about five times now and every single time I come the food and the quality is always very good! Also the prices are reasonable. This is the staple breakfast place for me."}, {"review_id": "d3PRSCqH6jQ3w-q0M2dt9w", "user_id": "p2C0hNAtPdtYIjwD4stT-Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "Best OJ we have ever had! Everything on the menu has been absolutely delicious along with great service! Highly recommend!"}, {"review_id": "9r9LD9MbWfn2GLu5xpdchQ", "user_id": "ily9ZTe7EsLPtxM9NkXv6Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/29/2018", "text": "Love this place! Staff is quick and friendly. Constantly checking on you and making you feel comfortable! I highly recommend food and drinks are delicious"}, {"review_id": "qWBY58K6D48Nxa7JJfwJ5Q", "user_id": "VhHB9E9sdGH7mOTACVR8SQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/24/2018", "text": "No hype, just great food.Good laid back place for breakfast, brunch, lunch. Bloody Mary and Mimosa a must. Everything I've tried has been pretty tasty. It's a great local eatery."}, {"review_id": "veD7v7kVm1i2KeVwS2H_hg", "user_id": "Vn-qH0eIQSHZzD8QEika9g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/8/2017", "text": "Such a local gem! Our friends brought us here for brunch and I suggest to make it there early because there is a quite a wait to eat at this place especially on the weekends. We arrived early and got lucky with a parking spot in the small lot right next to the cafe. Its a simple very mom and pop looking place with a covered patio and inside seating. I suggest to bring a jacket cause it can still be quite cold inside. The seats reminded me of a mom and pop cafe, quaint, vintage and very early 70's. You can tell they don't spend money on looks but really focus on the taste and quality of their food. The menu is expansive and everyone sounds delicious for such a great price. Just watching the wait staff walk out with orders of food, I could already see that the plate was going to be a good portion of food. With my love for benny's, they have a pretty decent variety from the basic benny to the fancy tri-tip special. I ordered the corn beef hash since I haven't had that kind before.The dish itself was very well balanced! The corn beef hash provided the right amount of saltiness to the dish and the egg was nicely poached to where the yolk was oozy but not under cooked. Their hollendaise sauce was creamy and not overwhelming drenched. I ordered the hash browns extra crispy but it was still a bit too soft for me. We also ordered two full stack pancakes, the banana coconut one and the strawberry with cereal flakes. The banana coconut pancake is a must! That batter was so egg and soft it reminded me of a soft Japanese cheesecake. It was so fluffy it was almost like eating a custard. The addition to banana, coconut and just a little butter made it taste like a dessert. I def would get another stack again the next time I am in town."}, {"review_id": "kW52eNuSRJx8H8bS-cnkRw", "user_id": "t2BlyN8x2uOonSz2dhGcVA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "6/3/2017", "text": "Awesome food... awesome service... awesome drinks... perfect brunch We ordered the California omelette & light veggie sandwich... both were fresh & tasty... both items came with 2 sides. Both were niceeee.Mimosa & baileys coffee were also amazing... that's why 5 stars... did find any negatives to deduct a star."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/bills-cafe-san-jose-10?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]