[[{"review_id": "lAZzCEbluB0nIdMtWiLb6g", "user_id": "XysPGltdHBZtz7q3WQT6cg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "This was a great find for a very special birthday dinner. The food really took \"Asian Fusion\" to new heights. They had three appetizer specials, three entrée specials and one dessert special. The waiter told us all about them but when it was time to order it was pretty difficult to remember what everything was and would have been great if we had a specials menu, but that really was the only downside of this place.To start off, we had the deep fried salmon rolls and the grilled octopus as appetizers and man were they delicious! For our entrees we had the yellow tail with California roll on top of it and the halibut. Both were cooked to perfection and phenomenal. We paired our dishes with a glass of the Malbec (peppery!) and the Chardonnay (smooth and delicious). We ended our night with the rich flavors of the bittersweet truffle cake with ice cream on the side.During our dinner, we had an elderly family sitting next to us who gave us recommendations for dishes and honestly, it made the dining experience that much more special. They have been coming to this place for 20 years!! So, yes you should start coming here too.The restaurant is pretty small so I would recommend making a reservation ahead of time. The only way to reserve, as far as I found, was to give them a call. The food and the atmosphere of the restaurant was great and we really enjoyed dining here."}, {"review_id": "dyBjaCNgfhaNtTRR0AkDzw", "user_id": "npaqVmBLp_bRk4DcraZYww", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "A great blend between feeling traditional yet modern at the same time. The salmon rolls were not as amazing as I thought they would be. The salmon itself was good quality, with no gristle. The breading was crispy and had almost a tender flakiness. There wasn't much of a wow factor in its flavor. Probably the biggest fault was my overactive imagination, dreaming up something that would blow me away. The Chinese hot mustard came with it, pops spicy like a firecracker. The umagi was some of the best eel I've had. It was so soft, I didn't have to use your teeth. Avocado rice on the bottom was equally as delicious. It had a great mixture between creamy avocado and sticky, carby rice. The sauce was the workhorse of the meal, tying everything together beautifully.The black cod was pure joy. It was one of the few times in life where I couldn't tell whether the meat for the sauce was the best thing about the meal. The card was cooked just right, being tender, juicy, flaky, yet sturdy.  The lemon ponzu sauce was robust, sultry, yet with a light grace to it. The avocado oil surrounding the plate was a really nice touch. It gave the meal not only a more vegetable feel, but I'm more dense profile. The avocado sushi roll on top seemed a bit out of place, was much more appreciated than having a straight up scoop of rice."}, {"review_id": "SANhlx8OdTxh5H2QBvMt9w", "user_id": "_yPGtJXBZNE2R52PVebZFA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "Small, packed and if you aren't on your game  you might be challenged with parking and a wait for seating. Once you are seated you are in for something special. Went with a few friends and shared so we can get a chance to try different things. The flat iron steak and sea bass was my absolute favorite. Cooked perfectly both were filled with good flavor and made flawless- not over cooked. I often worry about salt being the assault weapon with these types of dishes, nope not here."}, {"review_id": "5NThhQwgAt5KFy42Y-6oRA", "user_id": "F-KA6dHxp2L_subuYam_kA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "My god this place was bomb. I would say the reviews def match up to what we got! Everything was tasty for sure. It is a smaller place so make sure to book a reservation before coming!Shrimp and onion dumpling (4 stars)- Pretty good dumplings. This was probably the only thing we ordered that wasn't OUTSTANDING. It was pretty average tasting.Special fish of the day with truffle sauce (5 stars)- This was my favorite dish. They did such a good job cooking the fish, the sauce was amazing, and they added elements to make the dish all around textured. Crispy elements with the crunch on top. It was perfect! Still thinking about this :)Halibut with noodles (5 stars)- Basic fish dish but my cousin has some dietary restrictions and so this was perfect for her. But even without all the fancy sauce or condiments this was very delicious and she enjoyed it!Short rib special with kimchi (5 stars)- This was amazing! I was skeptical when this came because it was cut up and looked like a flat iron steak which is normally super chewy. But it wasn't and was soooo tender and full of flavor, also had some crunchiness goodies on top which made the dish even better.Made a special vegetarian dish with noodles and tofu in a curry sauce (5 stars)- Awesome they could accommodate vegetarians with tasty dishes too since it's mainly an asian seafood place. But the sauce was extremely delicious and filling!The place is also a little tight and our waiter was decent, they could probably work on smiling a little more but I'll be back for the food if I'm ever in the area again!"}, {"review_id": "Yu4pS56rOR9ylzlVRe9gvg", "user_id": "JLYjewgcYqtC_Uylr6jGzQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/7/2018", "text": "One of my first friends that I made after moving to San Francisco took me here to show me one of the different neighborhoods of the Bay proper.  Having been here for about 8+ years, he was a really good reference to have not just for the city but also for eats.  I normally would not have sought out an Asian-Fusion restaurant, but I am really glad that he took me here.  Things we shared included:seared ahi with green beansseared scallops appetizerSeared ScallopsPROS:- cooked perfectly: perfect sear, not burnt, not overly tough from being overcooked, super soft- whatever that glace and sauce was, it was super tasty.  I want to say it was some kind of citrus mayo but I could be off.  My memory fails me as this was over two months agoCONS:-noneSeared Ahi with green beansPROS: - perfect quantity, even to share- well cooked, not under and not over- well seasoned: not too salty, not too bland- green beans were not overly oily- nice balance between carbs, protein, and vegetableCONS:- some kind of sauce or glaze would be nice but not entirely necessaryI'd definitely come back here.  The service was great, never had to wait or ask for any refills for water.  Admittedly, the wait is long but that's normal for a good place.  For those of you who refuse to wait, that's totally fine but for me a lot of things are worth the wait, food included.  I'd totally recommend this place as a good date place except for the fact that it is loud and the space is a bit cramped.  Good to catch up with a friend though for sure!"}, {"review_id": "obtk2svWbZJbZ8Jh4gZUSg", "user_id": "SmnZObc19OMjQfgqwt8BuQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "This place books up quick. I came by myself on vacation at 5:15pm and they were already almost full. It's a simple and small place but they love quick and you can see they really appreciate their guests.For starter I had the oysters with a cilantro spicy mignonette. Divine. Then got the sea bass based on what everyone was saying and it did not disappoint. Crispy in all the right places and succulent in all the others.I wasn't too into their dessert but had a lovely plum wine to top it off."}, {"review_id": "LCsHpfLJqyYdcspG0unItw", "user_id": "bveEK2q1SpT-QQJT6y8YDg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/1/2018", "text": "Hands down my favorite Asian fusion restaurant! Wasabi noodle with salmon is a must. Sea Bass and Black Cod (or any fish) are excellent protein choices! The flavors so balanced. Delicious! Desserts are also amazing. Such a great place!"}, {"review_id": "Xb5GnE56OrtdYejyt52P8w", "user_id": "pvqOTPzQ9SZJCnnRlzI3TA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/4/2018", "text": "I have been wanting to try this place for years and I finally got the chance to. Tried the following:1. Complimentary Salmon Roll - delicious!  The entire roll was salmon as you can see in my photo.  The sauce it comes with tastes like wasabi which I loved.  2. Steamed mussels in garlic infused shrimp broth - this was really good. The mussels were a little small. The broth was delicious. Although, I actually prefer the buttery french version. 3. Grilled Eel, avocado sushi rice, bonito flakes - really delicious.  This is probably my favorite of the appetizers I tried.4. Caesar Salad, cripsy scallop - this was good. The best part was the fried scallop.  They cooked it just enough so the scallop was still tender.  The rest of the salad was kind of boring.  5. Grilled sea bass, garlic ginger soy - absolutely delicious. The sea bass was again cooked just enough so that it was still flakey and soft. The soy sauce it came with was the perfect compliment. It comes with a portion of noodles and green beans. The noodles were delicious even though they were too soft for me. They would have been better if they cooked them for less time. The green beans were unremarkable. 6. Ahi tuna, spicy mustard aioli - underwhelming. It looks more exciting than it tastes. The tuna was cooked well, still raw in the center. Overall, it was pretty bland. The rice isn't sushi rice either. It could have used more aioli. I ended up using the soy sauce from the sea bass to add more flavor to the tuna and rice (which is pretty much the plate)7. Panacotta - this wasn't on the menu but the waitress mentioned it. I would pass on this. It's good if you want something not too sweet..but it's also not flavorful either. It's kind of like soft jello with some berries on top. 8. Bittersweet chocolate truffle cake, coffee ice cream, coconut caramel - The cake was absolute delicious. If you are someone who loves dense chocolate cakes you'll like this.  It's actually not really a cake; it's more like a large slide of fudge.  I think vanilla ice cream would have been better than coffee. The service was eh. Not the usual super nice treatment you normally get at these types of places. But it wasn't terrible. My biggest complaint was the wait. I had 7:30 reservations and ended up waiting a half an hour. It kind of defeats the purpose of getting reservations if I still have to wait. TL;DR: Some of the dishes were really good, some weren't so much. If you have a reservation, still expect to wait. The eel appetizer, sea bass main, and chocolate cake were bomb. I would come back again."}, {"review_id": "JYOiC2dbwBpcjuKVSxDFQw", "user_id": "1cW_ZPWHNS0IJsxMblwIjw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/28/2018", "text": "The best San Fran trip ever!! Super happy that I finally get to experience The House, during my recent visit to SF with my cousin and her family who lives in Daly City. This is her favorite restaurant. Prior to visiting she gave me a list of restaurants and suggestions and after seeing the photos and Yelp reviews I told her lets go to The House!! Reservations confirmed, meet at The House at 11:30 am. We took the Bart and headed to SF's Chinatown before meeting up. I had my luggage  with me so the restaurant staff was nice to let me store them in the corner. The House is a tiny fusion restaurant, and during my dining experience we did feel crampy, when we got to our reserved table, but it was fine, The main thing I was grateful I am in SF, at The House, and get to spend time with family. The House sure filled up fast for lunch. Since my cousin doesn't eat seafood but loves The House's King Salmon entrée we let her do the ordering for us. She raves about the king salmon with wasabi noodles. We started off with complimentary pickled cucumber from The House, which was refreshing. Our waiter was friendly and patient. Note: The salmon entrée is spicy so don't forget to order it mild, my cousin noticed it was a little more spicy this time. Our orders: Salad, baby greens passion fruit , with vinaigrette ( 10.00)I am not a fan of salad but this salad was very tasty, light, and refreshing. Baby greens, with slices of apple with a light vinaigrette dressing. White shrimp and Chinese chive dumplings ( 12.00) As I am eating the dumplings, I can see they don't skimp on the filling, its huge. This dumplings is nice, soft and cooked just perfect.The grand finale, 4 orders of King Salmon with wasabi house noodles (15.00) Wow!! This entrée is AMAZING! I can see why this is my cousin's favorite entrée. This entrée is very fusion, I'll say with a mix of American, Chinese, & Korean. I loved the Wasabi noodles, very tasty, chewy, served with shredded cucumbers, pickled kim chee veggies, and a huge piece of King Salmon flavored and cooked to perfection. Our entire party of 5 enjoyed this entrée. The prices are reasonable! Parking: Parking could be a hassle in the city but super worth it, even though we Bart it, parking info. will be for my next visit.  Metered street parking lots at 766 Vallejo Street Garage and around the corner From The House at 65 Fresno Alley Parking Lot. The House is very popular, on Zagat's Top 50 Best Restaurants in San Francisco, on Zagat's 10 must eat dishes. Overall, I thank my cousin for the recommendations. Great times with family @ The House in San Fran. I can't wait to be back again!! It is a must to visit, when in San Fran!"}, {"review_id": "XB5sSgJUkDAGoWXVAK6glg", "user_id": "wmLBd6D7jFro03HfzTiPJw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/13/2018", "text": "This is what a 5 star restaurant feels like! It's a pretty small place so I strongly encourage reservations. We came on Friday night and the line went out the door. Despite how busy it was, the staff did not miss a beat! Everything from the moment we entered to when we left went smoothly and efficiently. The service was great! For starters, we got the tuna tartare, mushroom truffle soup and oysters. The tuna tartare was pretty good but I thought the price was a bit steep as it only came with 3 pieces, which made it kind of awkward to share with 4 people. Mushroom truffle soup was good, and the oysters were fresh.My boyfriend and I decided to share the rib eye which came with mashed potatoes and cauliflower. Thank goodness we didn't get our own entrees because there was no way we would have finished it! The rib eye was tender and full of flavor, I love when the juices mix with the mash! My friend ordered the short rib special which came with a side of rice and kimchi. This has to be my favorite of the night as I wanted to steal this dish for myself hahaha. The short rib was super buttery and melted in my mouth.Will definitely come here again when I come back to SF!"}, {"review_id": "xmVj__pPviGouybVQUsblA", "user_id": "-D0VjZ_bWzxQL11vXT_apA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "This place is so good!! Everything we got was amazing! Tempura green beans, oysters on the half shell, and scallops for appetizers. Sea bass, ribeye, and flatiron main dishes and a bottle of wine. Every single thing was top notch! Service was great too, impressed by the knowledge of our waitress! Will return when in the area"}, {"review_id": "u7LdYY1m47IS1zgGFwasVg", "user_id": "JLZs2s5Z6AtvE6Ry2AovTg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/19/2018", "text": "The apple pie ala mode is the best thing (and I've ever got it to-go after eating elsewhere in North Beach).  Ok now that I got dessert out of the way...CALL FOR RESERVATIONS!!!! Don't be left out in the cold, literally and figuratively.It's small and cozy and kind of hustle bustle loud because the tables are tight and they do pack the restaurant.Food is great but I'm personally not a huge fan of the wasabi noodles.  I mean they're good but I think kind of more of a hype."}, {"review_id": "NZvMu92IIBu3LN2IuV6Ifw", "user_id": "cT6GLrRRoloCfZhlsyfNbQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/25/2018", "text": "I don't venture into the city too often, but after my experience here, I will gladly wade through the terrible traffic and hard- to- find- and- expensive parking. This place clearly honed in my mind why San Francisco is such a great \"foodie\" city. The food here was incredible. And usually, after eating Asian food, I tend to feel like shit because of all the oil but after this meal, I felt real clean even though I just ate 2 people's worth of meals. Appetizers: We started with a half dozen of oysters ($13) and they were some fresh AF oysters and reeaal tasty. I mean, you're in SF, so expect some real good oysters but the oysters they have here were top notch. We also started with the octopus with potato tempura. This was also amazing and a must- have appetizer. Octopus was tender, and the potato tempura, which I've never had, were nice and crispy and tasted great with the sauce they put in. Entrees: Two of my lunchmates had the pork chop ($23) which looked AMAZING. It was made with a pomegranate seed sauce which I've never seen but  the two guys who were eating raved about it and licked every piece of meat off the bone. I had the sea bass ($24) with noodles and green beans. Everything was good on my plate, I was just hoping for the sea bass to have more flavor but the sauce they provided helped and was real tasty but a little on the salty side. My 4th lunchmate had the wasabi house noodles with salmon ($12). He said it was tasty as well, and it's one of the more affordable entrees. Dessert: Of course, with everything tasting so good, we had to try some desserts. The desserts we had are seasonal I believe so they change them every so often but will always be good! Two of us had their homemade cheesecake ($9) which was great and much better than cheesecake factory's! Another had the chocolate truffle cake.Service was amazing as well, the staff was so nice and accommodating. Coming here you will absolutely not be sorry. This place is such a gem in chinatown."}, {"review_id": "jNk0EGNyHdvFWOFQfzdi6w", "user_id": "nJ98L406n88sh1YZp6Sq_w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "What an amazing dinner experience!  We made a reservation same day & arrived 15 mins early ... table was ready & we were promptly seated.Within a few minutes they brought a complimentary order of sesame pickle & took our drink order.  Great selection of wine for a small proprietor ... we had a delicious French Pinot; Puligny Montrachet! From there the server shared the chef's daily specials for apps & entrees ... nothing like making the choice harder!  We ordered a sampling of the big eye ahi poke, grilled octopus & the seared hokkaido scallops plus a shrimp salad w/ crunchy pork skin to share.  The grilled octopus was absolutely tender and tasty!  The poke was sweet & savory & I could've eaten a dozen more scallops.  The scallops were perfectly cooked ... I hate when they're over cooked.  We then moved on to entrees ... we ordered the Chilean Sea Bass, Black Cod & Halibut.  All of the fish was perfectly cooked & paired w/ great complimentary sides!  Overall the restaurant service was attentive & informing.  They shared our table & were always there to ensure we didn't need something while refilling our waters regularly.  In fact, they brought new silverware for each course!  The FOOD WAS OFF THE CHAIN DELISH!  Highly recommended!!"}, {"review_id": "kGtZen9Dm7PCa6SuxAcTMA", "user_id": "47_ibg004WAKdAKh3KgRqA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/24/2018", "text": "A solid 4 stars.The food at the house is unbalanced and the ambiance is nice as long as you don't mind being in close quarters and it getting loud. Imagine a large family gathering at a house! It's dark so it's nice for a date but I wouldn't say it's romantic as it's too busy.The service is adequate. They refilled waters when needed and didn't bother us to much or try to make a ton of conversation. They don't need any improvement on this part whatsoever, but it wasn't anything to rave about. You come here for the food anyway!We came for dinner on a Thursday night, the day after Valentine's Day to celebrate it.Arrived at 725 for a 730 reservation. They seated me within a few mins and gave menus. They didn't bother me while I waited for my boyfriend to park the car which was nice.I heard a family of 4 being told it was a 40 min wait for a walk in. And I never saw more than 1-2 small parties waiting at a time.I also heard the waitress deny the party sitting next to me from ordering more food (they were a party of 6 and had mostly finished their entrees except one guy who was working on the last of it) stating that they have a time limit on the table because they have people waiting. From the looks of it, the guy had probably made 2-3 additional entree orders while the rest of his group just sat there waiting.After parking down the street and around the corner, my boyfriend and I settled on the mussels and ahi tuna tartare for apps and the prime rib eye and sesame soy king salmon.The food came out surprisingly fast for how busy it was. It probably took about 7 mins for the apps which came out at the same time.The mussels were very good. I'm a huge fan of mussels in general, but these were cooked to perfection. The broth in them was very good as well, so we got some extra bread for dipping it.The ahi was good as well, but I probably would have preferred to try the salmon rolls instead. The tartare was flavored well and fish was very fresh, it was just missing a little something to make the dish whole.The entrees came to our table perfectly-timed, just as we were finishing up the appetizers and had some more room on our cozy two person table.The salmon was perfectly cooked as well and the glaze on it was very good. It's an extremely light dish which is nice. (I only ordered this because I was being basic on the keto diet at the time.) But it was very enjoyable. I'm definitely familiar with bok choy which it the salmon sits on, but never have I ever seen it this perfectly cooked. Typically you need to chew it a little to break off pieces that are social acceptable for you to chew and swallow (and without choking) but my teeth cut into those babies like a warm knife on room temp butter! I was incredibly surprised!! The salmon was MOIST (sorry) and flavorful.I was confused about the broth...the dish came with a bowl of rice, was I supposed to dump that in and eat it with the soup? (It seemed weird and I wasn't eating rice anyway) but the broth seemed too thin for that, but it was very good alone.The ribeye was extremely good. There was very little inedible cartilage (which, hopefully you are familiar, is completely normal). The mashed potatoes were extremely...okay. It wasn't on the level as the ribeye or anything else we had was. It was just plain mashed potatoes. I can't say the texture or flavor was anything special. It was something you had at thanksgiving from someone that made it 1-2 times a year and you can accept. Though my boyfriend said he really like the cauliflower (which i didn't try) too many carbs LOL.The creme brulee the table next to us got looked delicious, but we had plans to go across the street for dessert. In hindsight, should have gotten the creme brulee!Overall, they cook everything perfectly. Seriously. And everything tastes good, which makes it good x2 but I think all of the dishes we tried are just missing that extra something to really bump it up a level."}, {"review_id": "Pij_lomu7lKnFgqUmVFInA", "user_id": "nANcgXh1EnOUfeFFhZDn1Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/20/2018", "text": "Everything is good. Small place, always crowded Reservation is a mustThey gave us a free appetizer Bc they made us wait past our reservation time. Very considerate My favorite was the ribeye and the unagi. I really love when Asians cook European style food. Someone about that particular fusion makes for a really great meal.  Things are pretty expensive :/. But my taste buds thinks it was worth it."}, {"review_id": "CAnL7uqvsWIFx7d_uuYRtw", "user_id": "KLe-iWI9gWO823GcZEwGMA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/21/2018", "text": "The sea bass, garlic noodles, and wasabi noodles here are some of my favorite things ever! The House was recommended to me about 5 years ago but it was way out of my price point as a college student. However, I knew I had to come back to San Francisco to try it so I did! The House is quite small with only about 10 tables so there can be a wait outside on a busy night. I made a reservation and only had to wait 5-10 minutes. We started off with the salmon roll and wasn't impressed. It was a very average appetizer. But our entrees came and we were head over heels! My boyfriend got the wasabi noodles and steak and I got their famous sea bass entree which came with garlic noodles and green beans. The wasabi noodle didn't have a strong wasabi flavor at all and I actually thought it needed a little more spice. The sea bass was so flaky and flavorful... I couldn't get enough of it! I wished there was more food on the plate for the amount we paid, but the service and quality of the food justified the price."}, {"review_id": "iTDYMz7I39u8SwyL22oQ5A", "user_id": "Heh7HdbKJxEYfzDopZgwLw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/21/2018", "text": "I LOVE THE HOUSE! I think it is one of the most amazing asian fusion lok key hidden spots in the whole city! I lived in North beach for almost 2 years walking by it daily and never went in (not because it didn't look cute/wasn't always packed...bc it is) but because I did not understand what I was missing out on!THE SALMONS ROLLS ARE TO DIE FOR! DO NOT EVEN COME IF YOU DO NOT ORDER THESE! sorry for all caps..super passionate about this one I guess. Additionally, from someone who likes pretty much everything but pickles...this place has some amazing pickle (swear they cannot be) that they bring out before the meals.  I OBSESSES OVER THE SPICY STEAK NOODLES and THE CHICKEN ENTREE WAS MELT IN YOUR MOUTH (best chicken i have ever had in my mouth to be exact)! okay I will calm down now..PS. It only has about 10 tables and is hard to get into sometimes so try and make a reservation or plan to come early and go next door to another bar for drinks while you wait !:)"}, {"review_id": "yuNFE5CvhvJA_r2fnfHjCg", "user_id": "IcCUSVBmdfR0Pp-OIGkhaA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/14/2018", "text": "The House is my favorite restaurant in North Beach. Although comparing its Asian fusion fare with the Italian restaurants may not be fair, the House is a special place. I am writing this review after my fourth visit and I would like to emphasize that I was as impressed every time. The selling point is the food. The menu changes periodically while some items stay on the menu. For instance, white shrimp and chive dumpling is a staple and I highly recommend it. On this visit, I tried Bbq pork ribs. Although they were delicious, bbq ribs with cole slaw didn't scream Asian fusion. Wasabi house noodles with flatiron steak, on the other hand, was awesome and fit the bill. I highly recommend making reservation by calling. My note from our last visit was that the restaurant was packed and the service was too efficient to the point where we felt rushed. Despite the pace, the food here is solid. It is a romantic small place that I highly recommend for a low key special night."}, {"review_id": "Kbq0jgYRaiSWmwlGRtem3w", "user_id": "Sy71Thzrg_ONsaarKxTNZw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/8/2018", "text": "Dinner companion said The House doesn't do reservations. WRONG. Absolutely wrong. THEY DO RESERVATIONS HERE!!Either way, it was a 30 min wait (got there at 6:30p on a Saturday) and they shoot you a text when your table is ready. Plenty of bars nearby to decompress and build your appetite!Started off with the chive dumplings. Mehr, it was good, but not so good that I'd come back for it. Then had the octopus. Yaaaaaassssss. So good. Must-have. Had to resist ordering this one twice. They definitely give you the good cut of the octopus. Steak was a bit charred. Medium rare. Super juicy still and a nice plate to share between 2 people. Love, love, love the service here. Definitely felt \"at home\" with how sweet all the waitresses were!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/the-house-san-francisco?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]