[[{"review_id": "9DaS2WvD8s2D0zz2nH0uug", "user_id": "eVNLEqQatmzpmsuK-K4Z8w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "30 Sec Review: Lives up to the 4000+ reviews. Oysters are superb, atmosphere great, service on point. TBH, haven't ordered the other food. Prepare to wait min 20 minutes. Pros:-Oysters are quite good and in my book, best of my experiences-Atmosphere is relaxed, on the pier, with good service-Plenty of other food options Cons:-Always a wait and in a touristy area Food (Oyster Guide) Guide:This is subjective but here's what we liked, in descending order.- Glacier Point - A pretty balanced oyster. Our top.- Capital - On the creamy side.- Disco Hama - Liked as well, but don't recall the flavor profile.- Sweetwater - Briney flavor that wasn't over powering.- Pacific Gold - Not a favorite. Chewy & sandy.- Janell's Shell - Very salty. A taste of the ocean."}, {"review_id": "B4a7PVX-2b4i8bwWx_r-Vg", "user_id": "JTCtZoj8AjijcQptWAFxwQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "Hog Island is a busy, busy place, and rightfully so, because their food is the kind you'd expect a wait for.My boyfriend and I got in line around 4:30pm on Sunday for a super late lunch/early dinner and were seated at the bar in about 10 minutes.  I was surprised that it went by so quickly!  But then I soon realized that we had juuust beat the dinner rush, as a super long line formed outside right afterwards.  We were given a bottle of water and cups almost immediately after sitting down, and after we finished conferring the menu one more time, our waitress came over with bread and butter, ready to take our order.We ordered a mix of 12 oysters to share (2x6 different kinds), and followed with an order of mussels for myself and the gumbo for my boyfriend.   The oysters came first, and they were so fresh and so delicious.  We downed them just in time for the rest of our food.  Both the mussels and the gumbo arrived steaming hot, with robust aromas drifting towards us.  Our waitress knew right away that we would want more bread to dip into our dishes and came back with more every time we were close to running out.  We were so full by the time we finished our meal that we had to take a minute to sit and digest.Considering the quality of the abundant seafood and the decadence of the flavors, the wait time and the price are expected and reasonable.  Hog Island is a place to come to indulge, and people will wait take the time to wait for a great meal.  The employees were all kind and accommodating, and it was nice to see that the cooks behind the bar seemed to genuinely enjoy their work.  All in all, Hog Island was a wonderful experience that I hope to repeat again."}, {"review_id": "7CeNtqo9AT8rpGXAwPBkCw", "user_id": "kCxLAT4clzrC0IsBuzTBnA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "Extremely busy place. Decent selection of Oysters. Service is kinda slow but then again they are super busy.  Food is worth the waiting. The female bartender from Hawaii working on 5/6/18 around 4pm was very helpful and nice.  I ordered a few drinks where they didn't have one or two of the ingredients but she was able to supplement other choices to make the drink I wanted. GREAT JOB and skills on that part.  Plus, she was friendly, helpful and very courteous. We were seated outside and was forced to share a table. Understandable set up but I rather not be that close to strangers. Carlos did a great job ....amazing should I say.  Provided us excellent service by recommending food items. He was on point and had a great attitude.  Always smiles and works hard.  Carlos was doing his best to keep everyone in his section happy.  Couldn't give more stars due to other employees not being friendly or helpful.  I asked another waitress and I believe the host a question and they were quick to provide me with a  \"blow me off\" atttitude.  Not a good idea when a customers just asked a simple question. Overall, fairly decent place."}, {"review_id": "Cw0eM0EbxNq6n6Mwy-YiyQ", "user_id": "omtZLg0ryIeaJfLTM7JPIA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "My fiancé & I have been craving some bomb grilled oysters ever since coming back from NOLA & were thrilled to see that they served them!Located inside of the Ferry Building Marketplace, in the back.  You have to pass through a small grocery store to get to it, but if you are outside near the water, you can see it.The line was long but do not let that intimidate you!  It goes pretty fast.  Also, you can grab a beverage while you wait.  Friendly customer service.Chipotle Bourbon Grilled Oysters:  Very flavorful with a little kick!Steamers:  Manila clams marinated in a delicious, savory sauce.Grilled Cheese:  A blend of delicious cheeses oozing between thick slices of bread."}, {"review_id": "1y2E4j9frSW0GdND-aZdFw", "user_id": "XtT8VAylLRF15GBObgWwrA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "Be prepared to wait in a line! But it was pretty worth it. Came here with some friends and waited in line for probably an hour. I'm not a big fan of raw oysters (I love steamed ones tho) but been wanting to try this place for awhile. We ordered some raw oysters and clams, my bf ordered the clam chowder, I got the steamers and we also ordered some grilled oysters. Each order of grilled oysters comes with 4 pieces and we got the chipotle bourbon and it was SO SO good. Super delicious and it is a must! My bf really loved his chowder as well and said it was one of the best he had. My dish on the other hand was good but it was suuuuper salty. It consisted of clams and chorizo. I would've enjoyed it more if it wasn't as salty. I wouldn't order it again. The raw oysters and clams were fresh and it was good as well. Definitely try it out even though you are not a big fan of eating raw food. The seating here is a bit tight! We sat next to strangers and I barely had any elbow room. The place is super busy so everyone is always running around. I can't wait to come back and order the clam chowder next!"}, {"review_id": "MpaASoEYhOky8FF98jiqSg", "user_id": "vsRPm_-WdtcY0CWZNz2u1g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/16/2018", "text": "This restaurant completely deserves 5 stars. I was initially a little skeptical of a restaurant in such a touristy part of San Francisco, but my skepticism soon changed after walking in. During my trip to San Francisco this winter, I came here twice. During my first visit, I just had oysters and prosecco inside. We came on a weekday in the late afternoon, so we didn't have to wait at all. We sat right at the raw bar area and it was the perfect area to be seated. I loved watching the staff shuck oysters and prepare gorgeous looking salads. Both the oysters and prosecco were delicious. During our second visit, we had to wait about 25-30 minutes and sat outside. I had two amazing cocktails, but I forget the names of both of them. I also had the scallop crudo and asparagus salad. Both were awesome. This is a great restaurant option for seafood lovers. Just be prepared to wait if you are coming on the weekend or even a weekday evening."}, {"review_id": "itq6Bx6VP_YAJk-kusJT2w", "user_id": "iIe1gtgyLqV0ZBbArDQkvg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "SOSOSOSO good! I can definitely see where the hype for this place comes from. They are NOT kidding when they say the oysters are fresh. They are NOT kidding when they say the clam chowder is the best EVER. And holy goodness gracious, you NEED to try the Chipotle Bourbon grilled oysters - absolute magic in your mouth. Beautiful view and taste of the bay.We shared 12 (4-4-4) of the most popular picks, recommended by our server. It came with a herby vinagrette, lemons, and the table was already equipped with various hot sauces to compliment the freshly shucked oysters.As mentioned before, you HAVE to try to Chipotle Bourbon grilled oysters. The flavours were honestly so good, I started dipping the complimentary bread and raw oysters in it as well. My one complaint is that they gave us four oysters, but one was half the size of the other three... not good when sharing... especially when the dish is SOOOO good.The clam chowder looks deceivingly watery, but it's probably one of the richest chowders you will ever have in your life. The ones on Pier 39 probably but some thickening agents or carbs to make it thick, but the chowder at Hog Island solely relies on a very rich cream that makes the chowder EXTREMELY dense. Even though the bowl is relatively small, I would definitely recommend sharing this one among 2- 3 people (along with other dishes of course). There's lots of potatoes, clams, and bacon bits to elevate the heartiness of the dish.I personally ordered the seafood stew. It was $24, but shared between two people (and I was still SO full)). Didn't see what was so special about the bread, but the stew was FULL of seafood flavour. Shrimp, squid, mussels, clams - it's all there, and A LOT of it. I'm also a huge fan of tomato based dishes - so this one really hit the spot for me.Very pleasant experience here! Worth the \"long\" wait (just 30 minutes), and the servers were very patient with us as well."}, {"review_id": "SGn_wqNO5bMfIuokY599Mg", "user_id": "2Sq0G8CPcPrKr0tseY_3PQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "This place was a fantastic find! I was in town for a conference, staying nearby and my husband was along for the ride. Our first night in town, we wandered around, checked out Yelp and found this gem. It was obviously bus for a Saturday night and we almost passed it by, but as we were waiting in line to put our name in at the hostess stand, one of the hostesses came by and asked if it was just the two of us. We confirmed it was and she said she could seat us immediately.We were seated at a corner spot at the bar which is right along the open kitchen - we couldn't have asked for a better spot! The staff was engaging, including the chefs who were clearly slammed, but still made time to chat us up and a check in.My husband ordered oysters to start. He's used to what we find in Florida so he asked several questions and our server was very knowledgeable and did not steer him wrong.For dinner I ordered the seafood stew which was their twist on cioppino and it was amazing. It was loaded with perfectly cooked seafood and fish with a hefty slice of chard bread on the side. My husband ordered the oyster po'boy and loved it. He also helped himself to his fair share of my entree too.Decent selection of wine and craft beers.Overall a great experience and we loved sitting at the bar and wouldn't hesitate to go back next time we are in town."}, {"review_id": "Djo7SMuPrvzi2zvYfSa8mg", "user_id": "5XAXkk6WENi0OW_HSSXRWA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/11/2018", "text": "Nothing short of GREAT. Hog Island always satisfies. It's a San Francisco treasure for sure. The best oysters, the best chowder, the best scenery out back looking at the water and Bay Bridge. Only if it wasnt always crowded but on a weekend, that's just how it is. Just deal with it, bring your patience and your appetites.On a recent trip back home to SF. We landed on the first flight into SFO, made a beeline to Liguria Bakery for some foccacia to bring to friends we were meeting at Hog Island for brunch. It was Saturday and the farmers market was in full swing. The Ferry Building and everything around it was crowded as it always is on weekends but we luckily snagged street parking. We started off with 2 dozen oysters ($38). We went with Hog Island sweetwaters & kumamotos and Ichiban pacifics. I really liked the sweetwater oysters. Good flavor and brininess. The other 2 kinds were tasty as well. So good with some lemon, a little salt and some hot sauce. Yumm... The complimentary bread and butter was good too but the oysters are really the draw. We even tried the chili butter grilled oysters ($15). It comes with cayenne, chili flake, sriracha, dijon mustard, butter, lemon juice, garlic, anchovies and it was great. It was a little spicy but I liked it. Great combination of flavors. I would get it again for sure.Hog Island's clam chowder ($14) is my favorite. It's not your typical and comes with heaping amounts of clams in their shell. Manila clams, potatoes, bacon, vegetables and cream make this bowl one of my favorites for sure. It's so delicious. We also got the beer battered rock cod sliders ($16). Served on small buns with napa cabbage and slaw. The fish was battered perfectly and had good flavor but I dont know if I would get it again. So many other things to try on the menu.Service was good. We sat at a communal table but there was plenty of elbow room. There is always a wait so get in line as soon as you can. The line is out back facing the bay... Not at the entrance coming from the Ferry Building Marketplace. FYI... Hog Island... I miss you so."}, {"review_id": "f5BDWgYIH5_hGRyM-Wq8XQ", "user_id": "Nfp5VrZwnms_whEFBpX9VQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/6/2018", "text": "On a frigid winter's night, a bowl of hot, delicious soup may warm up your core. Dishes like pho, chicken noodle soup, and clam chowder are sort of a comfort food for me. I feel nostalgia every time my taste buds touches one of those meals. As if I was a little toddler again sitting at the dining table slurping up the sweet and savory broth. Clam chowder was one of those dishes that immediately melts my soul away. Who would have thought that putting clams, cream and potatoes together would create such a delightful meal! My friend and I had came here for dinner one night. We had their shucked oysters for lunch and loved it so that's the reason why wanted to taste their clam chowder. We got seated by the counter and was greeted by a host. She walked us to our table and told us to wait for our waiter. Our server came by and introduced himself. He was extremely helpful and friendly so I'd have to say that their service is superb. Once he had brought out the chowder, I was a bit disappointed by the style of chowder it was. Their chowder isn't really chowder because it doesn't have much of a viscous texture to it. It was more of a soupy broth which was something I am not a fan of. I do appreciate the oversized clams that they use, but it's definitely not my cup of tea. None the less I tried it and I will have to say it tasted quite scrumptious. The broth was sweet and the clams provided that slightly briny flavor. The potatoes were perfectly cooked and it was an overall well executed dish. Would I order it again? Perhaps not, but still worth the try if you're ever around here!"}, {"review_id": "ixUgGHPdDuQA7DzjObhuAg", "user_id": "22kX05A_TNhMuet3_4qfBw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "SO GOOD. Went here for the first time, and I'm not sure why I haven't gone sooner. The oysters were delicious. I'm not ever sure which one to get, so we just order a dozen of the sample mix, so my boyfriend and I were able to try one of each. We also ordered the clam chowder and chipotle bourbon grilled oysters, thanks to many recommendations on Yelp. Lived up to the hype for sure. The clam chowder was rich and legit, with lots of clams and potatoes. I think it's definitely big enough to share between two people. It would be so bomb if it was served in a bread bowl though!! the chipotle bourbon grilled oysters were so delicious, highly recommend. I wish one order of those would be a whole dozen!!We came at a sorta off time - 3pm on a Sunday. There was a short line outside; we probably waited less than 30 minutes to be seated. I'm sure the line gets much longer at peak hours though! But it does seem to go by fast, so I'd say it's worth the wait."}, {"review_id": "_KJOHnRNiu5VtgYv1tBiog", "user_id": "7XJ-EZamONwbFSAQ8rCdSw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/27/2018", "text": "Finally got to eat here! We were the second customers to get in on a recent mid-week day...score!!! Oysters ( both raw and grilled) are the star of the show here and Hog Island delivers on great food, atmosphere and service. Tried the half-dozen sampler which was a nice variety and just enough to get my taste palate going. Loved the briny freshness and the mignonette sauce was unparalleled. Next on to their clam chowder which was a little different than most (not too chunky, more milky) but full of the good stuff nonetheless...potatoes, carrots, bacon bits, clams galore! I usually like my clam chowder more on the thicker side but this version offered a nice change. Service was excellent and efficient. I need to come back here soon!"}, {"review_id": "6PBOi2dm47eSxYRLR4bRkg", "user_id": "HbyHhB6WOSQjU-JYwED9Ww", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "Hog Island is one of those restaurants that doesn't necessarily need extra boasting. Located in the Ferry Building with great views of the Bay Bridge, crisp air on your face, the rippling bay waters, and watching the arrival and departure of ferries go by, this alone creates the epitome of that iconic feeling of being in San Francisco. My order:1. First dish was SF Fried Anchovies. Lightly dust battered with semolina, this offered the perfect outer crispness all the while encasing a delightfully soft and moist center of the anchovy. Fried whole, the anchovies resemble French fries which makes them perfect for dipping with the accompanying tarter sauce. Lightly salted and with a lemon wedge served alongside, this added a perfect citrusy zest. I added a dash of Louisiana Hot sauce to the tartar sauce which enhanced the dish too. 2. Beer Battered Rock Fish Sliders. This dish comes with 3 sliders. The fish in the slider was extremely moist but the beer batter retained its crunchiness, despite being slathered with the cabbage slaw. These were bite sized and great as an appetizer. 3. Local Halibut Crudo: This dish by far was my FAVORITE. If you like silky, soft textures with a clean bright finish, then this is your dish. Four pieces of raw thinly sliced local halibut is presented with micro cilantro and paper thin pieces of avocado underneath, and then drizzled with Calabrian chili oil. Each bite melts in your mouth leaving you surprised at how smooth and clean tasting the fish was, all the while making you yearn for the next luscious bite and never wanting it to end. Truly a masterfully executed dish. 4. Grilled Squid Salad: If you like squid then this dish has very generous portions and you will not be disappointed. Squid can be kind of chewy if overcooked, but the way this salad was prepared as grilled, this squid was soft, moist, and devoid of any rubber consistency that squid can sometimes have. Excellent! Being that it was grilled, the squid had more of a smokey flavor which contrasted nicely with the peppery arugula and fennel. The watermelon radish added a nice touch of coolness which complemented the Moroccan olive oil vinaigrette in which the entire salad was dressed with. 5. Grilled Oysters: They were offering 3 different kinds in which I decided to get all three; Wasabi Butter, Chili Butter, Chipotle Bourbon. All were fantastic, but my favorite was the Chili Butter. Soooooo good! The Chili Butter Grilled Oyster was seasoned with Cayenne, chili flakes, Sriracha, Dijon Mustard, butter, lemon juice, garlic, and anchovies. Ta die for. 7. This was all washed down with a Watermelon Wake cocktail. Beautifully light and refreshing, there's a slight heat that comes with the red chili pepper. The longer you leave the pepper in, the spicier your drink gets! Great restaurant with priceless views and ambiance! Terrific service too!"}, {"review_id": "HOaSq2NOVK0sWBguLsDMEg", "user_id": "etcFRWe7QCNQVYu8yfGRyQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/4/2018", "text": "Love love love this place!! Don't let the line intimidate you. It moves pretty steadily. I am obsessed with oysters but I'm not the type of person who can tell the difference between all the different types of oysters. As long as it's fresh, I'll eat it. However, I recently went back to hog island and tried their recommended \"murder point\" oysters and it's honestly the best oysters I've ever had! It's a super fresh, a little sweet, great texture. I had a whole dozen by myself. Oops. Also loved the chipotle baked oysters and the clam chowder. I like to get an outdoor table if it's not freezing cuz there's an awesome view of the water and the bay bridge :)"}, {"review_id": "et898f-Tg79d_YTrK2e_xw", "user_id": "83hGjT-0qeA-x3wKM7X5Zw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/23/2018", "text": "Just LOVELY! This was the second attempt of us trying to go here with less than 3 hour wait and going on a non-holiday Monday at 11am is the way to do it! No wait, they did open a bit later than 11am but whatever. We decided to sit outside though alleged thunderstorms were coming, the views were incredible I couldn't resist. It's a straight shot at Bay Bridge over the ocean and on a clear day there's nothing better. I ordered the Watermelon Wake which was surprisingly so subtle with the watermelon flavor it went terrific with our oysters. Husband ordered a Bloody Mary which seemed well made and pretty gritty, came with delicious olives. We shared half a dozen oysters, grilled cheese and clam chowder. We got a bar mix of the oysters and though neither of us are normal oyster fans, the mix was great, each one was different and came from different areas as well. The oysters were SO fresh that you could taste clean ocean and with a little lemon and Tabasco, it was great. The grilled cheese was my fave, literally the most perfect grilled cheese sandwich ever. The bread was super fresh and good, the cheese was to die for, super savory and melty, there was a beautiful cheesy carmelized crust, etc I could go on and on. The clam chowder was also slightly unusual in the sense that there were full clams, like with the shells. The broth was less chowder-y and more soup-y consistency however it was super rich and did not disappoint. I really enjoyed it. We ended up ordering the dark and stormy sangria which was the daily drink special, it was a beautiful drink with a slice of blood orange. Also tasted delicious.Service was excellent, attentive and quick. Would come back all the time, I highly recommend weekday mornings though if you can swing it!"}, {"review_id": "WW9bgkaFkFBSpi3d738nsw", "user_id": "T69T9ZPUphpC6t1vX6ZMjA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "Amazing chowder. Great bread and butter. Service excellent. Only problem is there is always a line and the host/ess team always have an attitude. Tonight I was a party of one. Checked in and asked if I needed to wait as I saw a single empty seat at the counter ... He said yes to wait. Then 25mins later he brought me to the same empty seat when it was my turn in line. Frustrating as I could have gotten to that amazing chowder sooner!"}, {"review_id": "SkfUu7rvR_hvM_xxZrj3XA", "user_id": "xRbBt5MVKZ5-_8HhhfI26g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/14/2018", "text": "Hands down one of the best oyster places. Fresh plump large oyster right inside the markets. The oysters are shocked as you order them! Instead of the usual cocktail sauce, they use a vinegar based sauce that gives the oysters a good tang / sour kick to it. Price wise... well it's SF what can you expect. Grill cheese sandwich is a must order dish if you're a cheese or bread or cheese and bread lover. They definitely don't skim on the cheese here. Toast sourdough with tons of Gouda cheese. Yummy!!!! Razor calm was special of the day. I usually had it with some sort of oil based sauce, but this one is definitely different. Micro greens, orange peels, mustard leaves mix with lemon vine-grate toasted with sliced razor claims; very refreshing, very light, very good! Tip: long lines so be patient. If you're at the end of the rope line, your wait is about 30 minutes. Worth the wait though."}, {"review_id": "lcp-hrwhUtWZV9RtrI18Mw", "user_id": "4xLrtKf-iuL_6hqYmxUGxw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "Love the fresh oysters, the wine and the views here. You may have to wait in line, but it's absolutely worth the wait (and the line moves quickly)!"}, {"review_id": "xdPkCKfIL8Q4kARjiqVfUA", "user_id": "WA6BO2vP9eWjcfWRDEPZGA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/5/2018", "text": "I love the food here. It is one of my favorite places to eat in SF, and I try to come here every single time I'm in the city. The oysters are obviously very good here, but all the other dishes are awesome too. The clam chowder is so unique and yummy. The fried anchovies are amazing. They are my favorite things to order! The grilled cheese is wonderful as well. The service here is awesome and super attentive despite how busy the restaurant gets. I suggest coming in during off times, since the wait can get really crazy during prime lunch and dinner hours."}, {"review_id": "xevzZHf5YEaZ16HVOmcyRg", "user_id": "HtzGBeEJ7Y5UV-_uGO52oQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/19/2018", "text": "A tasty seafood place in the Ferry Building!This place is a little hard to find if you're walking through the Ferry Building but if you look through the store of this deli/grocery store, you can get to the restaurant through there. Otherwise, venture outside by the waters to get in line (yes there will most likely be a line!)I've come here twice, ordering their famous clam chowder and grilled cheese. Loved both dishes and think they're really unique for what they are. Chowder comes with literally a pile of small clams (must've been 20-30 on my plate by the end), and broth is amazing! Also enjoyed the grilled cheese on bread from Acme!Definitely on the pricier side but well worth for the quality of food! Recommend for some fine seafood while in the Embarcadero area!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/hog-island-oyster-co-san-francisco?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]