[[{"review_id": "2ekrUOh9rwM_fe8RWg7Xxg", "user_id": "6BPMK69rK1UPhcVi_B-q2w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "As a part time resident of New Orleans, I'm skeptical of West coast Southern cooking, mostly because it's rarely genuine. My friends, Brenda's is the real deal. We came in here on a Thursday night, and miraculously got in the door and seated at 5pm. This ended up being one of the most wonderful meals in recent memory, not only because of the food, but also due to the great staff and awesome vibe the place cultivates. We ordered a few beers (good, but nothing to scream about in a review), and then the FOOD:1. Chicken, Sausage, and Okra Gumbo: We only had a small taste of this that they graced us with, and it was tasty. Truthfully, as sort of a gumbo snob, I found it to be good, but not mind-blowing. Worth eating, for sure. 2. Hushpuppies - YES. Now we're talking. Light, crispy, and dense right in the middle where you want them to be. Perfectly cooked, seasoned just right, and came with a zesty chipotle remoulade that was amazing. 3. Spicy Garlic Shrimp Gratin - This is where it went off the rails, in all the right ways. This dish was incredible. Really rich, so be forewarned, but the only way I can describe it was as a goat cheese fondue with shrimp, red peppers, walnuts, and tons of awesome herbs and spices. It was like crack. Get it if you have 2-3 people. Worth sharing!4. The BFC - This is the classic dish they're known for, and with good reason. This is some amazing, crispy, actual Southern fried chicken, a great fluffy biscuit (with awesome jellies, get them all), and some so-so collards. We devoured this like crazy. We would come back here in a heartbeat. A local friend recommended the spot, and I hope I can convince you to stop by, too! Apparently it gets insanely busy, though, so you might want to check ahead."}, {"review_id": "DNFJQxF9g3UIY59cWwUn8Q", "user_id": "mfVzX8a8j_Xx9JJTpI58jA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "Came here for breakfast. Spicy pasta with seafood (slight creamy base) was really really good! In my opinion, it was written spicy but it's not actually spicy, just tasted more \"spice\" being added in this dish. Its one of the better seafood pasta i ever had.Also had veggie omelete with sides of spiced potatoes and white toast. Omelete and potatoes were not that great, just okay. But, the apricot jam with cinnamon paired with toast is perfect match. Plain beignet was not too bad."}, {"review_id": "y7Yc7NGv3RpUEoINgNUz5A", "user_id": "udBJEr0mOh2KfJ1y4WCa8w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Hush puppies, crawfish beignets, shrimp and grits and of course, fried chicken! Yum! Worth the very long wait since they don't take reservations. This place is packed but tables are moved through efficiently! So sad we ordered way too much to make it to the most likely delicious desserts! The only thing, perhaps it's the way it should be, as a soul food newbie I felt the grits was a bit too oily and the beignets a bit hard. Soul food is great but very filling and heavy so waiters should warn you about portion sizes. But we'll definitely be back to try the ribs, etouffee, and catfish des allemande! And of course dessert!"}, {"review_id": "lYixOzADkxIr-zHTQaaNRw", "user_id": "crCSdXMCgC2p3VmMZhKWFw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "Brenda's is always a solid place. As such, always expect a line! We got here 9:45 on a Friday and there was people outside.Two of us were seated pretty quickly with 5 parties ahead of us. Love seeing that Brenda hasn't lost the soul and lively culture it's always had.We ordered their fried chicken Benedict. Juicy chicken, perfect seasoning and spice, creamy creole sauce done right.I ordered the andouille sausage and cheddar omelette. So good! Melted cheese everywhere, it was a hot delicious mess.I know most people get hash potatoes on the side, but it's all about their grits! They're different than other places. More creamy and buttery. Shrimp and grits is another popular dish and it's simply amazing. Rich and creamy with fresh shrimp.The beignets...Omg! Honestly plain and crawfish are the best. Apple and chocolate sort of taste like a thick, older donut. Plain and crawfish preserve the flavor and texture. The menu doesn't say this, but you can order individual beignets too. It's 1/3 the price shown on the menu since regular orders come in 3's.Almost 10,000 reviews but quality, flavor, and service has really maintained itself since the year they opened. Cheers to that! Speaking of which, don't forget to try their mimosas."}, {"review_id": "N7_Xug7JRrzJMUb_hFP_-w", "user_id": "8_y3LAmtwFPPizBeMp9oOw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "What can you say about a place that has nine THOUSAND reviews that hasn't already been said? Just a warning, i'm going to say \"magical\" a lot.Is there a line even on weekdays? YesIs it worth it? God yesThe Shrimp and Grits alone has made me want to go to New Orleans like nothing else in my life. The tomato bacon jam by itself is a magical thing and the best part is that you can buy a jar and take some of that magic home.The Crawfish beignet is a necessity. A perfect balance of firm outside and soft and gooey inside which (and this is the magical part) actually stays inside instead of leaking or spurting. There's jam at the table which tasted like a peach pie so get a biscuit. Most of all, i'd recommend going outside your comfort zone and get something that isn't standard breakfast fair. Try the shrimp and grits instead of an omelette. Get a po'boy instead of a sandwich. Squeeze the most out of this magical experience."}, {"review_id": "ZjHr1hfFB1MaKaJvnYWE7w", "user_id": "AE8nHSRPFlB4nh7CP8PlGQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "I was shocked this restaurant had 9000 + reviews , ive had it bookmarked forever but never made it out because i dont want to wait for hours on the weekend, and it's also hard to find time during a weekday. We were lucky to come in on a weekday because we didnt have to wait at all.  There was less than a 10 min wait on a Thursday morning.   I ordered the iced molasses coffee,  shrimp & grits. We also ordered the crawfish beignets to split. The crawfish beignets were huge, i was shocked. I didnt think they would be that big at all.  Splitting half is more than enough for an appetizer. A full beignet would be a meal. The shrimp & grits were soo tasty, the tomatoes were super tart and refreshing. This was my favorite shrimp & grits ive ever had. Ill be coming back on another weekday to try the rest of their menu."}, {"review_id": "SjGXq7LLLbRdpy1H3YPHYQ", "user_id": "47_ibg004WAKdAKh3KgRqA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "Brenda's soul food comes with a long wait; Yes, even on a rainy day.After getting lunch/brunch here, my favorite will still be Lucile's in Fort Collins, CO. (seriously, if you get the chance you must go and suffer the wait there.)Came here in a group of 4.We didn't get the beignets since I felt like i'd be the only ones eating them and nobody else seemed interested.Our table got the BFC (2 of them, relax everybody ate), tofu hash, and crispy pork belly.The BFC was cooked well, it was moist and crispy and good.The crispy pork belly was very good. It was cheesy and creamy and had great flavor, the jam on it added a good flavor balance, which sounded weird at first, but I decided to give it a shot anyway.I got the watermelon iced tea and that was very good and fresh.The server was a little hard to track down after ordering and getting our food, but it was no big deal.I can't say I'd make an effort to return her specifically since nothing stood out to me as special, which was disappointing because I had been really looking forward to eating here for a long time and my boyfriend is a huge fan of French food and me of brunch in general.If friends visiting the area wanted to try it, I'd definitely return and try something else, but I don't think I'd make the suggestion."}, {"review_id": "7qaGtYQlNRirF9kV-jORsg", "user_id": "0jIzdLZacwhNiPtvrG06rg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/27/2018", "text": "Yes, this place is hyped but it's worthy of the hype. Ppl rave about it, friends rave about it and it's true. It is real good. Even some of my southern co workers can agree that it's pretty darn good.One even asked why do I keep coming back here for lunch. Well duh! Because it's good and there's plenty of things on the menu to try!My favorite so far:BFC. I keep getting this because I love fried chicken and they make it right! Crispy on the outside, moist and juicy on the inside. With a slight hint of spice. The cream biscuit is just delicious butter heaven. Soft and airy and creamy.Beignets: not just any! But must be the chocolate one. Light crisp on the outside with goo-y delicious chocolate melting in my mouth. I've yet tried other items because I love these two items so much but I will get to them...you bet I will."}, {"review_id": "CUW3NA_RCelwRSP6I-AnHQ", "user_id": "v9BOIZI6JwerK2OodnOCvg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "This place hits the spot for fried chicken !! I got BFC and it came with three chickens, collard greens & sweet biscuit. The crawfish beignet was good but the crust/dough was a bit too thick!"}, {"review_id": "hGH5DINpg5v5yqFEuLWbnQ", "user_id": "xB_Ou0C35DAA9uISS70p0Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "Wrote down our names at 12 on Sat, 30 tables ahead of us, waited for 1 hour, not bad! You don't need to wait in line after your write your name down, but there's nothing around anyway, and you might not wanna miss your spot.Crawfish Beignets: Hot and fresh! We all agreed that's our favorite dish. I wish we had tried the chocolate one too.Eggs Benedict with fried chicken: a little disappointed. The chicken is not flavorful nor fresh. The Benedict is average. The potato harsh is okay. Should have ordered the fried chicken on its own.Crispy Pork Belly with grits: the pork belly tastes really good! Worth trying. Not commenting on the grits since I'm usually not a big fan of it. Pancake: averageOverall I would recommend people to check this place out, but only order things that they're famous with, i.e. beignets. Would love to come back for the fresh pastry!"}, {"review_id": "NLrFXGqc0_8qjFPWWNflRQ", "user_id": "exfo1mPHUX1HIUW0cMuEFA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/11/2018", "text": "This place is a 100% yes from me. Whenever friends visit the bay, I always recommend they hit this spot if they're in the city. The wait though....wow LOL get ready my friends for a wait of your life!!! Put your name down and head over to a nearby philz to kill time because that wait for weekend brunch is no joke.+ beignet sampler: great to share with friends although if it was me I would just go straight for the crawfish beignet because that thing is sinfully good+ shrimp & grits: cheesy goodness and huuuuge shrimps+ interior design is beautiful+ service is on point+ finding parking lowkey gonna be a challenge so drop a friend off to put your name down and then start searching for street/meter parking"}, {"review_id": "T5yLYwX6Hxx2z-fUf1oTig", "user_id": "pVVwbRq0pklVL8Fqzj8F5A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "I've heard a lot of good things about Brenda's in the city so I decided to give it a try since I was in the area. I ended up going around 3pm so I could only order from their \"In Between\" menu, which is a limited menu that goes from 3pm to 5pm. A little disappointing because I wanted to try stuff from their full menus, but it's okay because what I ordered was still pretty damn good.BFC: this is Brenda's secret recipe fried chicken, served with fries, coleslaw, and a biscuit. Honestly this might have been the best fried chicken I've ever tried before! It was so crispy and tasty, just perfect. I really enjoyed the coleslaw and biscuit as well. The biscuit comes with some kind of fruit jelly, so good together! It's a small meal, worth every bite.Crawfish Beignets: I've never had a savory beignet before, it was interesting. The crawfish was good, it had a nice savory, creamy sauce on it.Granny Smith Apple Beignets: I liked this one, it reminded me of an apple pie. It wasn't too sweet or overpowering. The beignet dough was great for both! I think I prefer the sweet Beignets though. I wish I had gotten the Beignet Flight so I could try each flavor instead. The beignets were pretty big, def recommend sharing!"}, {"review_id": "2s-SMk8a-oR0Mpm6tgU1Dw", "user_id": "Pd9yJu0tBvCOHD0QYgpZ3w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/7/2018", "text": "Brenda's has been on my \"Must try\" list for the longest. The thing that's held me back from going is the long wait. So I could not believe to find it wait free on a Friday night! I've been creeping on their site and pics on yelp for a while now, so I already knew what I wanted. To start we had:Watermelon Sweet Tea- So refreshing! You can tell they use the actual fruit, not artificially flavored. Just the perfect amount of sweetness.Crawfish beignet- Definitely didn't skimp on the crawfish meat. So cheesy and flavorful. Love the addition on scallions on top as a fresh element.Entree:Shrimp & Grits- These were the best grits I have had in a long time. Buttery, creamy, cheesy mmm mmm mmmm So comforting on these chilly SF nights. BFC- Biscuit, Fried Chicken, & Collard Greens! My friend had this one but also let me try. The biscuit was crunchy on the outside but sooo fluffy inside. Paired perfectly with the sweet and spicy jam. The chicken was juicy, even the white meat! My friend despises veggies but tore up those collard greens.Dessert:Ghirardelli Chocolate Bread Pudding: Came out nice and warm. Served with a side of whipped cream and over a bourbon caramel sauce. Just divine...Staff was awesome. Very kind and attentive. Cannot wait to come back sometime for brunch!"}, {"review_id": "XE9oFbyX5XXQSD_DrczsDg", "user_id": "Nfp5VrZwnms_whEFBpX9VQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/4/2018", "text": "There's a lot of things the French are good at and one of them are baked goods. Auguste Escoffier who is well known in the culinary world. He's practically the grandfather of the French cuisine. And so without him, there wouldn't be a Brenda's French Soul Food to go to. Another popular destination spot that has been on my radar was Brenda's. There was one specific item on their menu that I wanted to try. These little swamp creatures are quite scrumptious in a Cajun boil so why not try them in a beignets? My friend and I had went to the restaurant during lunch hours. It wasn't as busy as I thought it would be but none the less, we were thrilled to finally arrive. Our server greeted and escorted us to our table. She took our beverage order and we started glancing through the menu. We weren't hungry as much so we only wanted to order 1 order of their crawfish beignets. When the dish to our table, they didn't look as appetizing at first. But once you crack open one of those bad boys, it was like a beautiful work of art. The inside had a creamy cheesy filling that were mixed with the crawfish. There was a small layer of bread coating around the crawfish filling which was the perfect amount of dough for this appetizer. The chopped up green onions toned down the richness of the dish. It was sweet and savory in each and every bite. It was like eating a plain donut stuffed with Mac and cheese. \"Mmmm donut gahhhh\" - HomerWe also got the trio flight of beignets which were filled with chocolate, apples and crawfish. I could care less about the dessert ones but those crawfish beignets were killerMy overall experience with Brenda's was a good one. I would most likely come back and order these suckers again."}, {"review_id": "P-oR6FIeg51EXR59sPWIxg", "user_id": "EUNYl7w4jMFWsQND32ZlaA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "This place is a MUST try!Food is very rich in flavour, very delicious, great price, unique decor with mirrors, I felt very satisfied!The House Favorites 'Shrimp & Grits' is a must try, even the best Shrimp & Grits in the South Carolina can not beat the taste and the price!The Hangtown Fry has a good portion, fill in the belly, very tasty.The Mimosa also taste good.I will definitely brag about this restaurants to my friends and family, and will come back and try other food in the menu!"}, {"review_id": "gkV2Ns0p-yWhP35OkpZb_w", "user_id": "1WdZ6aeZKPik8kljg8-YFw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/28/2018", "text": "My boyfriend and I came on Sunday at 11am and waited about 1.5 hours to be seated. Sunday brunch game in SF is REAL. Thankfully there's free street parking on Sundays and you can wait in the cozy Libby Jane cafe right next to Brenda's. We wrote our names down on the chalkboard and the host actually goes into the cafe to check if people are waiting in there, so you don't lose your spot in line. We ordered: Fried Oyster Omelet with grits and biscuit $15 (5/5), Andouille Sausage Omelet with Hash and biscuit $13 (3/5), and Beignet flight $14 (4/5). The fried oyster omelet was amazing and so unique. I don't like raw oyster but was surprised to enjoy the fried oyster; to me, the raw ocean flavor was eliminated and it blended well with the egg. Wasn't a bit fan of the grits, tasted grainy and corny and was too cheesy. Biscuit was heaven, but that thing is dense and you just know a whole stick of butter went into it. That's how it should be done though. The Andouille sausage omelet was a little bit of a letdown. They were very generous with the sausage portion, but it fell out of the omelet. I like it when the stuff in the omelet is ONE with the egg :) there was also a ton of greasy, orange oil at the bottom of the omelet. overall not too impressed. We got the beignet flight because we wanted to try them all! Normally you get one of each (plain, apple, chocolate, crawfish) for $13 but we exchanged one of the plains for one of the crawfish for $1 extra, totaling $14. The crawfish one was the best, so unique and interesting taste. I also liked the other two sweet ones, chocolate was rich and apple tasted like apple pie. The only downside is that there's VERY LITTLE filling for all of the beignets. 80% of it is dough. The dough is good but you're consuming and paying for a lot of carbs just for a tiny bit of filling. Overall Brenda's was a great brunch spot, definitely one to visit if you want to experience SF Brunch. There was a long wait and unfortunately there's not much to do in the vicinity while waiting (city hall, philz are nearby). The food is unique and Southern food is a bit of a rare commodity in the Bay Area. My first time trying beignets, grits, fried oyster, and crawfish, all in one place!"}, {"review_id": "OzEqO30UXJ_PlZxbcK-gBg", "user_id": "mCe-D6aUGGTktN0XHEH70Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "Would've given it five stars, but minus one for service! I already found the workers to be rude to begin with when I simply asked the lady with the tomboy hair if they were still open. Anyways, came here on an empty stomach so me and my friend were pretty hungry. We ordered the plain fried donuts thing, the BFC, cup size gumbo, and rice and bean. Food came in pretty quick and the donuts were huge!! The gumbo they serve here is different, uses no seafood and it's a diff color than most gumbos Ive seen. Everything they serve here is very hearty and my favorite would have to be their fries. Super crispy and flavorful. Least favorite would be the chicken because it lacks flavor and it tastes pretty bland."}, {"review_id": "nTBOBtDkII2Ec7un8Zm9vw", "user_id": "vbSWvu2nzGoNl7ITTq3cMQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/3/2018", "text": "You know that restaurant where you ask yourself whether it's worth waiting hours for? THIS is the place you wait! Put your name down on the chalkboard and just wait. We had the shrimp and grits and the flight of beignets. The flight of beignets gives you one of each type they have- crawfish, plain, chocolate, and apple. The crawfish one was the best! You cut it open and all that beautiful saucy goodness....yes! The shrimp and grits was such a good dish! We shared it and trust me, it's really so much food that sharing makes sense. But it was so good that I wanted to eat it all! I want to try other things there, but I would definitely order the shrimp and grits again!"}, {"review_id": "8RJi4cIvQUnOTQeWyXzO3g", "user_id": "lzdyQzxbmNxtKRZ3seip8g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/28/2018", "text": "I've been here twice for brunch and good was delicious both times!!I went right when they open so we didn't have to wait. But come here as early as possible! The wait gets super long. And they will not seat you unless your whole party is there. Shrimp and grits: portion is super big and very hearty. Definitely an amazing southern comfort dish here. Grits are creamy and jumbo shrimps were cooked just right.Crawfish beignets: comes in 3 and they are huge!!!! Filled with creamy crawfish inside. Again, a super delicious dish!!"}, {"review_id": "QukR9AmmLpFQML3vPY4QBA", "user_id": "IKi5cCvrzNqF1RqqXQ5E3Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/26/2018", "text": "Pretty good breakfast/brunch joint. I've been here a couple times on my trips to SF and everytime the food has been good.Favorites are their Fried Chicken Benedict... The chicken is moist and nicely fried. Also the crawfish beignet is very good. I personally prefer it over their dessert beignets. Definitely try!There has always been a wait for me. You put your name down on the big chalk blackboard. We parked meter on the street but apparently there are free street parking also available if you look around."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/brendas-french-soul-food-san-francisco?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]