[[{"review_id": "EKzDlafaRCXlJsuqniJ2Zw", "user_id": "DVHQ-1Y43U5YZ6op4r3tVw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "Great food and delightful services.  We tried the set BBQ dinner for 6 people.  It is abundance of deliciousness.There are many kinds of side dishes.  It is a nice photo opportunity if you put the small plates around the BBQ plate.The flower-shaped candies at the end of the meal add a sweet touch to the experience.The only challenge is that tables are too close to each other, so there might be not too much privacy available."}, {"review_id": "nhti9eUkdyoM7JO5OuaTYg", "user_id": "8t_d2WeCE74l21D0H2Mh2g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/1/2018", "text": "My favorite Korean restaurant in all of LA!!! The flavor is amazing and portions are large. All of the side dishes add flavor and I think this is the best kimchi ever! We had bulgogi and brisket that were totally on point! The kimchi jigae soup was filled with flavor and delicious. Kimchi and beef rice was out of this world. I know this place has great reviews but I had to put my two cents in. Service is also wonderful our servers were kind and took amazing care of us."}, {"review_id": "tyciyBFivWFSGFDYBbbhbA", "user_id": "OgSr0Rv2snXtuc9aSViDQA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "I would bring people here for the amount of side dishes and/or the experience of upscale kbbq, but most likely won't come here often because of the price.As mentioned, one of the benefits of this place is that we got to try all of the side dishes in small portions! My boyfriend and I were FULL by the end of it. A lot of the joy that came from this experience was seeing new side dishes continuously coming out...it felt like a never-ending meal. If you get the set course, it comes with bibimbap, kimchi stew, salad, and myriad sides.BUT if you want a better meat to side ratio, go somewhere else!"}, {"review_id": "Dn6xMOx6-QgUcYS4himKWg", "user_id": "JcuRhF_vzaCdVTjg-Nupow", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/20/2018", "text": "Genwa is my absolute favorite Korean restaurant of all times (and I've tried a lot of places in Hawaii, California, and South Korea). There are street side parking available but they also have valet available in the building of where the restaurant is located. Genwa is known for their 20+ banchan (Korean side dishes) that fill a good majority of your table. Each banchan is refillable (for free) and there is a variety of different dishes for you to taste the wonderful goodness of Korean eats. There are regular dishes that you can order such as the soups, noodles, pancakes and already cooked meats. Trust me, they are all delicious! However, you need to also try the yakiniku aspect of the restaurant by cooking the meats yourself (or with the help of the servers). The meats of all great quality. I do recommend trying the kkotsal (marbled sliced beef rib eye) because cooking it and eating it becomes an art form of some sort.I love coming here because the service is always pleasant, the food is always satisfying and delicious, and the facilities are always clean. The prices may seem expensive but I believe it is absolutely worth it! At then of your meal, they give you towelettes and complimentary cute lollipops. How amazing is that?!"}, {"review_id": "WyYn6sRVOa6rl0gVcM4YcA", "user_id": "f6v7OewBFV93YNZEwPY6TA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "This is a HIGH-END Korean barbecue experience!  My girlfriend and I were skeptical at first because this spot is realistically $$$.But it blew our minds because the service was excellent, the meats were amazing quality, and the \"side dish\" game is STRONG.  See my pictures for substantiation. It was a bountiful feast.  We ordered the A Course which serves 2, and it was filling.  Food just kept coming out.  We. Are. Royalty.The interior is clean and the ambiance is pleasant.  Most Korean barbecue places have that potent meat and oily smell that sticks onto your clothes and hair after you walk out.  Here, that smell is barely noticeable."}, {"review_id": "ntIu6-M_8jBs8v-buI8kGw", "user_id": "cgXzSVLuasUTFVrqPgzdAQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/26/2018", "text": "Genes is the quintessential American Korean food experience. When with 2 people, I recommend ordering the combo A. For the price, there's nothing that beats the experience and quality that Genwa delivers. Not only do they provide an enormous unlimited amount of banchan, the combo basically gives you everything you would order at a Korean place (whether it's your first time or your hundredth). Both the galbi and the brisket melts like butter in your mouth, but it's also accompanied with delicious portions of bibimbap and tofu soup. Service is extremely attentive, the entire staff, from the bartenders, to the cleaning crew, were incredibly friendly, and made the experience very enjoyable. You can get all this in the combo, along with japchae, salad, and egg soufflé, for $79. It was the best Korean BBQ experience I've had yet, and I don't think I will ever enjoy another place quite the same as Genwa."}, {"review_id": "jWiMll1jlg7VvognfINuYA", "user_id": "GHoG4X4FY8D8L563zzPX5w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/7/2018", "text": "Genwa is an upscale KBBQ place that offers various course options (for parties ranging from 2-5), appetizers (such as jahpchae, mushrooms, edamame, etc.), mandoos, rice entrees (served in a stone pot), noodle dishes, and even soups (such as tangs, gooks, and jjigaes).We came here for one of my birthday dinners, and a reservation wasn't required as walk-ins were welcomed!  We were seated right away, even though the place was hustling and bustling!  Just note that you can have the restaurant cook your meats in the back, or have the meats cooked at your table.We ordered the Prime Galbi (prime short ribs, marinated in the house special sauce; this was super tender and well-marinated, had the perfect amount of marbling and was just so delicious!) and Kot Sal (sliced, unseasoned prime boneless short ribs; great marbling and super juicy and tender!).  You definitely pay for Genwa's hardcore emphasis in serving high-quality meats, but it's really worth it, and it's unbelievable the stark contrast between here and other KBBQ places!The hubs also ordered some fried mandoos, and he thought that they were okay.Let's talk about Genwa's banchans, shall we?  It's about 24+, not including the lettuce, the ssamjangs, and the dips.  One thing I totally got excited for was that they had the dduk ssams available - I'm talking about the circular rice cake slices where you wrap up your KBBQ ssam goodies instead of in a lettuce.  As other KBBQ/Korean restaurants, the banchans are free refills.  One thing that sets Genwa apart, though, is that the staff here are pretty amazing - they totally can gauge which banchan you want refilled, and even without waving them down, they come by and swoop them up and replace them right away!  It's like 'banchan ESP' AHAHAAt the end, I was so happy that they served a complimentary cup of soojunggwa (the cold cinnamon drink), as I much prefer this over than the sikhye (the cold rice drink)!The staff here also tag-team, so you don't really stick to one main person, but JAMES was our main guy - he was SO AWESOME.  He was attentive, made sure that we had everything, and was OH-SO-FUNNY!  We really had a good time, with lots of belly-aching laughter!You get a complimentary ice cream (green tea, with no ice crystals!) to celebrate your birthday, as well as cute long-stemmed Korean lollipops as your 'dessert' to-go.Forget about the AYCE; you'll be rolling out of here, with not just a belly full of quantity, but a belly that is a combination of quantity and quality!Extremely limited and restricted residential parking in the area.+delicious KBBQ! :D+Prime Galbi! :D+Kot Sal! :D+dduk ssamsssssss! :D+unlimited banchans! :D+ask for James! :D+super friendly staff! :D+extremely limited and restricted street parking"}, {"review_id": "aNPG_Y1jzobpRV6yxm_D4A", "user_id": "aUJtydqd5OFyLTGVg_45Ww", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/21/2018", "text": "Full bar and great food give this place a plus. It's very clean and new looking, with a younger downtown crowd. The main downside I would say is the pricing. Get ready to pay significantly more than you would at your usual KBBQ place just a few miles away. For my money, I'd probably opt for one of the K-town places nearby instead of splurging here."}, {"review_id": "ITKKWl6dxN_y3nt2mOo49g", "user_id": "Hg-WdrJYdJEDvQNs1xdaBQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/31/2018", "text": "My gal-pals and I were in town for a convention and the funny thing is, we were looking more forward to eating here than going to the actual convention... and for good reason! We will typically go for ayce kbbq because that just makes sense, more bang for the buck (I'm all about that more bang, ya know what I'm sayin) However! Coming here has changed our perspective completely... quality meats (and service) is def the way to go! The staff were all super friendly and cooked all the meats for us and didn't get noticeably irritated when we drank maybe 6 too many bottles of soju and/or made them guest star in all of our snapchat/ig stories (sup Joseph). Bless their hearts.Food-wise, just wow. First of all, alllll that banchan! Already a plus. We ended up getting Course E because \"treat yo'self\" weekend was in full effect... so when you start off with that slab of marbley wagyu and end with the lightness of shrimp & scallops... can it get any better? And they give you a complimentary rice dessert/drink to wash down any of your meaty regret (with your now staggered breathing, and the button on your pants now popped) AND they give you a deliciously cute lollipop to-go? Wow. I am in love with a restaurant, and his name is Genwa."}, {"review_id": "aa3fW5PMfhN6yYkYKGLNXg", "user_id": "9unlBkftcCxEuOzPliukQw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/7/2018", "text": "Ban chan galore! Great place to get that 'KBBQ experience.' Service was efficient. The servers tag team and help each other out, whether it's flipping your meat for you or refilling your drinks.The meat portions are big and they offer free refills on any of the 25+ ban chans. My favorite meat was the galbi. Loved the marinade and tenderness. The meat is pricey, but worth it. We were so stuff and satisfied by the end of our meals. To top it off, they ended our meal with soojunggwa (chilled, sweet cinnamon drink) and lollipops."}, {"review_id": "vlKTd9wjOlYZBu0p89YyLw", "user_id": "wClUV2KsLWNZwOw5nlw6UQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/14/2017", "text": "Really high quality BBQ. I want to say, for the average person (not living in Beverly Hills or anything of that sort) expect to pay $45-50 pp. The food is just great and the service mostly impeccable. Sometimes the guys are on their time of the month, but at least they bring what is needed. 1st visit: 2 people, got the Prime Galbi and it melted in your mouth. The banchan/appetizers are unlimited so go crazy. These tiny dishes are also the reason I love this place.Got Course 4 and it was plenty for 4 of us. Since we didn't feel like having Soju, they exchanged it for Japchae (clear noodles) which was tasty and it was more food for the table.*Soon dubu Jigae, good too with concentrated broth. Thumps up.Parking in the back is $3 valet or free on the back streets (residential area)Definitely one of the best KBBQ out here in LA. You get what you pay for."}, {"review_id": "v9lg8XLYcNepBqJsN1Uz9A", "user_id": "-oksEyZRFqwe708oV0CBQg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/18/2018", "text": "Neat spot to eat your heart out with Korean BBQ!  Very unlikely you'll leave hungry.Venue / Service: probably one of the more upscale / cleaner / sleek Korean BBQ places I've seen, with the grill in a black marble-like table.  Table is quite spacious, probably b/c of the banchan (see below). It did get a little dark in the restaurant b/c of all the black accents.  Service-wise, they were pretty attentive and would bring whatever you needed, though not sure if I would trust them with my grilling since they kept insisting on doing it but didn't come over frequently enough that we were worried the meat might burn (and a few did).  Food: pretty tasty and they give a decent portion; we shared the below with 3 people.  -- Banchan - this comes free, but I must say that this is the most variety of banchan I've seen a restaurant give out ever!  They give you tiny amounts but you can easily ask the server for more when you (most likely) run out.  Very neatly laid out too around the grill, vs. unceremoniously dumped on your table.-- Prime Galbi (prime short ribs with house special sauce)($47) - highly recommended! The galbi has soaked up the marinating liquids and therefore is very juicy and flavorful.  They'll give you two of these galbi, so probs best to get this with other dishes.  Was slightly confused with the inclusion of the banana slice with the grilled veggies, which were kinda a throwaway... I've never seen a banana grilled before and I hope it was the last time.-- Galbi jjim (prime beef short ribs braised in special sweet sauce with vegetables and herbs)($40) - luckily the sauce isnt too sweet so you can appreciate the savory flavor of the short ribs.  These are SUPER tender and came off so easily from the bone.  Not a lot of gristle too, so you don't have to awkwardly spit it out onto your plate.  Liked the inclusion of the tteok and carrots, which also had that sauce flavor.  At the end, they give you a lollipop with a very long stick... I ended up with the strawberry flavor but they have a variety!All in all, this is a neat spot for KBBQ in LA, so would be happy to come back."}, {"review_id": "XfUYkO9NrvVaVKXizPIemg", "user_id": "JfPdGeYbaZa2aZqUb839Cg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/12/2017", "text": "There is a reason why this place has over 2,000 reviews and a solid 4.5 star rating. Simply say, this is my absolute favorite Korean restaurant! They hit the mark on all categories - Food, Service, and Atmosphere. If you don't feel like reading, just go!The food is fantastic. To feed a party of four hungry people during lunch, we ordered the \"Course A\" (which includes two marinated meats, small plate of Japchae, wraps, and more), cold noodles, kim chi soup, and Bi Bim Bap. The marinated meat was very flavorful, tender, and juicy. The meat tasted even better with the wrap, radish, and bean sauce it comes with! The Japchae was also amazing, even though it came as just a side. The cold noodle soup was fantastic and slightly addicting. The kim chi soup was also spectacular.Let's not forget, they first start you with 20 different BanChan (Korean side dishes) of all your usual favorites such as fish cake, kim chi, seaweed, bean sprout, and way more. Most restaurants just give you about eight different dishes, but you get a huge variety here.Service is wonderful. Waiters and waitresses were attentive to our needs and did not mind splitting dishes for us. We all really appreciated their work and attitude.Expect to pay a lot, but you get every bit back in flavor currency and experience. I highly recommend  Genwa for anyone."}, {"review_id": "CfJKVuX0qGF2o6z5rF9jAw", "user_id": "fnuVTeYhuRyxLQTOI8inFQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/24/2018", "text": "When it comes to korean bbq, I tend to do it the authentic way.For years, soot bull jeep is the place for me, it still is.However, with all the new generations of korean bbq restaurants, one can't help but to explore. If you are going to splurge and want fancy kbbq, Genwa is the place. Here you don't need to wonder about the meat quality, their side dishes are beautifully laid out, and taste wonderful. Overall it is a really good experience. The wait staff is very friendly and polite. My parents are not easy to please and they loved the place. It is a good place for any occasion!"}, {"review_id": "_HBrJJEBtKtFAIG7V_FZJA", "user_id": "TBeqbj5qYAEunqdWlqvegQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Amazing food. Pricey, but you get what you pay for: quality. Servers are attentive and make great recommendations. The restaurant must be really well ventilated as there is no lasting barbecue odor on clothes and hair after the fact. I have dined about 4 times now and the food and service has always been consistent. Love it!"}, {"review_id": "CkcmP3ag9rAwsCFdQn-E3w", "user_id": "iicQQ_6f0-LFzoHSj5mTiQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/23/2018", "text": "Came here with a big group of family during lunch hours on a weekday, so it was not crowded.  The ambience was nice.  It had a clean look but modern.  LA is known for their Korean food.  Being Korean, I am always excited when visiting LA, because I get to eat really good Korean food.  It just happens that we had time to check out Genwa.In the Bay Area, the most banchans we get is probably 10.  This place, they gave us 25+ banchans alone on one side.  Although the portions were small, we continuously asked for more, and the server was attentive to refill our request.  Being that we had a big group, we ordered as a group.  We ordered one E and one F course meals.  Came with house salad, Soon Tofu, brown rice or white, Japchae, Prime Galbi Soju, dwenjang jigae, and Bulgogi or Galbi.  It was expensive, more than other places.  But the quality of the meat was worth paying for.  What was even more better, K BBQ, I always leave a restaurant smelling like smoke.  It leaves this order on my clothes, every time.  But at Genwa used an open flame smokeless grill.  The positive thing is I got to experience the BBQ and enjoyed a fresh smell of my clothes. RatingPrice:  3  (it is pricey, but I believe it is well worth it due to the quality.)Ambience:  4Service:  4  (good service)Food:  4Overall:  4Overall, we had a positive experience."}, {"review_id": "udsxAgBM_YWTN2gOQmdUXg", "user_id": "DgFG5flbGGlIvTGlUkSdcQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "Genwa was amazing!!! The food was delicious and you have banchan for days! We had a group of 8 and they catered to all our needs! Definitely going back when I find myself back in LA!"}, {"review_id": "Qok0cs5MpHXmx1p2koQ9kA", "user_id": "AVFhTH0DYmgMdQqHKFg_cA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "11/28/2017", "text": "Not even close to the best KBBQ :( And also one of the priciest (for 4 people, you're easily looking at $250-300+ after tax and tip.) For me, at that price tier, this place has to rival Michelin restaurants. And I definitely understand why this place does not have one.If you're looking for a KBBQ and all your friends will think you're baller for coming here, then Genwa isn't bad. The meat quality is pretty good, and there's a huge variety of Ban Chan. Other than that, Genwa is probably more of a disappointment.Unique to us, after we seated and ordering, we were told our grill was not working and \"created more smoke than normal\". We were not allowed to change tables though :( They did offer to cook the food in the kitchen, but since I prefer the authentic experience even if we end up smelling like food afterwards. Plus, the food is just so much more tasty right off the grill.The menu is posted online, and you can see how much the food costs. The a la carte portions are designed so it's ridiculously expensive, and you're pretty much forced into the combo section to keep the meal from becoming too expensive.We ended up getting the 4 person meal. Without making the review too long, the meat was pretty good. The egg dish was pretty delicious. The chop jae was pretty good. Pretty much standard KBBQ, but not worth the price and wait. Kicker: When they're returning your empty credit card, they give you some suckers to ... distract you? Interesting choice of a parting gift though.Also, our service was not very friendly. We felt rushed and almost like we owed them for ... paying their high prices and having a defective grill. Not to mention some of our meat was really overcooked so we felt like their service for cooking for you was not worth it. However, a really tall Asian guy (with a booming voice) was really really friendly, and we wished he was our server instead - so the service is probably a case-by-case basis.Overall, probably won't come back unless nothing else is open or an overwhelming majority of the group votes to come here. It happens."}, {"review_id": "bBlfsbfIR3He5bgprymr0Q", "user_id": "u6Rb0yrjDvYpAFOgXL8WXQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/10/2018", "text": "This has been on my bucket list for a while now and finally got to try it!! Originally I kept putting off on trying it because most places in LA seem to be underwhelming to me, but Genwa proved me wrong. This place is almost as good as Kang Ho Dong, but not quite. Came on a Saturday night for dinner around 7pm and got seated immediately. We were surprised it wasn't busy. However... the crowd did start swarming in later on when we were finished around 9pm.The ambiance of this place isn't like your typical kbbq. It's much nicer and more upscale especially w/ their bar & tv's. This is the kinda place you would take someone on a nice date, but you're craving kbbq lol. They have pretty good ventilation though because I didn't go home smelling like I would if I went to ayce kbbq.We decided to order Combo A: comes w/ house salad, brown rice, fried rice, japchae, prime galbi, chadol.Dude this place is awesome because they have side dishes for DAYSSSS. Like every side dish you've ever had at any kbbq restrurant, they had it ALL here. It was placed in a circle around our grill which was fun to \"go around the world\" and try it all. Seriously they had all the main good side dishes plus more such as the fish cake, pickled spicy cucumbers, potatoes, EVERYTHING! Anyway onto the more important main dishes.The fried rice was bomb, It was mixed in w/ some crunchy parts of the rice like the dried up ones on the stone bowl when it finishes cooling. The Japchae was delicious it's my fav type of noodle. The meats were delicious and although it seemed like a small portion of 2 different meats, it was more than enough for 2 people especially w/ all the other food. The Cha dol was bomb especially in their sesame dipping sauce and salt wrapped in that radish paper. Cha dol was really good quality and sliced to the ring thickness and size. There weren't a lot of fat in it like you'd get at an AYCE place. The Galbi was perfectly marinaded. Our server did a great job cooking it for us. Each piece was tender and flavorful.Overall it was about $105 total w/ tip included. Our server was the nicest guy ever and always checked up on us. He even legit packed EVERY leftover side dish for us in these cute little containers to go. Was hoping I'd get him again as a server if I ever came back, but he's gonna leave to be a flight attendant! LOL. We got these cute lollipops at the end which was really nice also. I'd come back again if I was in the area."}, {"review_id": "76E5CgPlK8yI7DGROfBSAw", "user_id": "dhbqg9qC91hjDIQDuC_3Ew", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "The kids got had never tasted Korean BBQ or had ever cooked their meat on a grill. We were surprised by all the side dishes brought to our table. The service is poor, but the food is really great."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/genwa-korean-bbq-los-angeles-2?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]