[[{"review_id": "6GuBLo4Lr9-s3k6nbeKdPA", "user_id": "pnyxUjbzWyLrEfq0-SNT1g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "This place was worth the wait (1hr 45min). Everything was awesome. Just amazing.  Omelettes were  awesome.  The Italian sausage (my husband had them in his eggs) were great. The chocolate cinnamon fresh toast was like GOD. Bliss.  I would definitely come again here."}, {"review_id": "UyI9Dm0ukABOTesHb7qumw", "user_id": "E6mV8YzVBZPuVeUwyBYJag", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "Oh Mama's... I feel like we got off on the wrong foot. I have been dying to come here for ages and was thrilled when I power walked from my hotel on Mission Street all the way over to Mama's early in the morning. I arrived at 7:15 expecting a line before they opened at 8am. There wasn't a soul in sight so I did some epic people watching at the park across the street. Around 7:30 the crowds started to arrive to form a line , so I strutted across the street to secure my spot. As I'm gazing over the menu ( even though I KNEW what I was getting), my eyes scrolled across the horrific sign stating NO CREDIT CARDS. I panicked and saw the line getting bigger but sprinted up the hill to the B of A to get some cash. By the time I made it back the line was about 30 people deep. It only took another 30-45 minutes in line and I was super thrilled to finally be inside. Then it hit me... At the register there's a teeny sign that states \" NO CREDIT CARDS. DEBIT ACCEPTED OVER $15.\". I'm sorry, but what? They should seriously have that sign OUTSIDE. Sure, maybe it's just me that reads credit cards AS CARDS. But whatever, I was just happy I was no longer going to be hangry.The weird thing is that they let people into the restaurant without there actually being tables opened. You form a line and order/pay ahead at the register and then find a seat. However, if you order and there is not a table you literally just stand there awkwardly watching people eat. I feel like this makes peor uncomfortable watching them eat and I personally felt quite rushed knowing all eyes were on the tables. I think there are only 12 tables in the place. I ordered a Bloody Mary (reallllly spicy and good) and of course the Dungeness Crab with spinach Benny. It's was quite pricey. I didn't even look at the price when I ordered and my total for those 2 things was $34. The Benny had generous servings of crab, but I don't think it's worth $29. It was tasty and the potatoes were really good as well. But it's a bit steep, especially when you're feeling like you have to inhale the food so the couple standing waiting for the table doesn't drool on your table. Overall, I'm happy I came and happy I got my Benny. I probably wouldn't come often if I lived here because I don't like the rushed feeling. But it's a cool experience."}, {"review_id": "klBjbQf_80l3rU1ZpFigyw", "user_id": "423BqPn-_76PCNAg_HJmow", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "This is a classic breakfast/ brunch place. The location is great, but the downside is the wait was terrible. I had the North beach omelette and it was yummy and Instagram-worthy. I would come back if I have time to spare waiting.The place itself is not that big, and they don't accept credit card, so I would recommend only if you are really craving some breakfast food!"}, {"review_id": "vd8jGW_vsaHC1kyc74dgrA", "user_id": "pEVSHBWWWYZnF9HNYoj8WA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/27/2018", "text": "One of my new fav brunch spots in the city! Making it to North Beach is a trek from where I live in the city, but my friend and I have been eyeing this place for some time. We finally got to go on a Friday and got there around 9:30ish. There was already a line! Was surprised on a weekday..but that says a lot about the restaurant :) We ended waiting around 45ish min. Once we got inside, we stood in line to place our order, and then got seated. There are mostly 2-seater tables, so I would suggest just bringing one friend ;D although there are a few bigger tables, the majority aren't. It is a super cute space - small but cozy. And when you line up, I love how you can see the chefs all working their magic and seeing them prepare for the food. Seriously, A+ for food presentation.My friend and I shared the Chocolate Cinnamon French Toast, which came with fresh berries and sliced bananas, and the Southwest Benedict, which was on their special menu. The french toast was pretty good, but was a little too heavy overall. I think the bread is amazing though and would have preferred it by itself. The benedict..delicious! It was seriously the perfect poached egg. There are very few places I would want to come back to just because there's so many places to try in SF. But this is a def must come back place..next on my list is the Monte Cristo :) Overall..delicious brunch spot!"}, {"review_id": "ADXXQfc-wKfYFrZk8Dvc0g", "user_id": "4uX2w2Ehmx9PI5avc26Eng", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/17/2018", "text": "Classic breakfast place on Washington Square - which means a long line out the door on weekends. Suggest going on a weekday morning for breakfast or brunch.Great food, great history, great service!"}, {"review_id": "gZsjr5s9UasNY7KlVehnaA", "user_id": "WCfBXx3zDg3wQVxe0T26Zg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/24/2018", "text": "Long story short, their Dungeness Crab Benedict special was on point but not worth a long ass wait.Supposedly there's always a line here on the weekends, but is the food worth waiting for 2 hours? I don't think so. I'm sad to say that my cousin and I ended up waiting, but we also didn't think it would take 2 full hours to get seated! But to be fair, we got distracted by meeting awesome people in line, which took our attention away from the line. If it weren't for us chatting with people who were suffering the same from hunger, we probably would have went somewhere else within the 40 min mark. Once we got inside, we still had to wait in their order line. But once our order was placed and paid for, we finally got to sit and relax. We ordered the crab benedict, chocolate cinnamon french toast, and a side of their homemade carrot cake. The best dish was the benedict. I forgot to ask for the hollandaise sauce on the side, but the cooks poured the right amount to begin with. I was very pleased and wished we ordered two plates instead of one. Their french toast tasted like any other (nothing special), and their carrot cake was mediocre. The frosting on top of the carrot cake was actually the best part. Also, this place doesn't take credit but they do debit. At least it's not cash only. I advise coming on an off day so that the wait time isn't as ridiculous."}, {"review_id": "iTncu7nzGj4-2IciopeKSA", "user_id": "QP6GY9EC4TNolZ_61-yctA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "If your past their last window it's a 69-95 Min wait.  Charming guy at door who can give you a prelude if tod what's what in the restaurant . North beach omelette was delicious - can't tell by the cover but the taste is savory.  You can order a single pancake - their fluffy.  Got the sampler French toast next Ione I'm ordering the chocolate French toast.  Crumb cakes are extra good to"}, {"review_id": "J0p9hd2RnnCD-p_Ia1Gkxw", "user_id": "9GXefqyQmPT60SbNZ2Ufvw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/3/2018", "text": "So let me begin to tell you that on a Tuesday morning get ready to wait 1-2 hours to be seated inside. I got here with my fiancé around 8:30 and we were finally seated at 10ish. Was it worth the wait? NO! The food was good but to be honest I've had better breakfast at not so popular places. It's a very clean and cozy restaurant and customer service is great! I ordered the Veggie Omelette and French Toast Sampler and my fiancé ordered Veggie Scramble and it all came with a side of roasted potatoes and toast. I enjoyed my meal but I won't be back because the lines are painfully long for decent tasting breakfast."}, {"review_id": "uyfwCG-_-I1fQ690S_TltQ", "user_id": "_zR_YufhDeXs4c020eWWOA", "rating": 2.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "I have no idea why this place has so many reviews or why people wait in line. We came here on a Wednesday morning due to a recommendation and saw a line. We figured it should be good because why else is everyone waiting...WRONG. There are around 10 tables here so that's why it takes so long. The food was alright, but nothing to write home about or recommend it to someone else. We waited an hour in line and to get our food. I was told this is actually a short time and people wait much longer. WHY?? I wish I could get my time back. The taste of the food is good, the service was good, quality was eh, price was high for all of this. I just don't get it...I just want the time I wasted waiting back."}, {"review_id": "1UzSJheGSduBoAugdfdF3w", "user_id": "NMDayrA20FC7OZXPUbNZZQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/15/2018", "text": "I've been anticipating to try Mama's for years but was always afraid to endure the crazy long wait times after hearing so many stories. I've heard of people waiting almost 2 hours before getting seated which is insane!Luckily I was feeling jetlagged from my recent international trip and was able to get myself up at 8AM and arrive in line at Mama's at 8:30 AM. We luckily waited only 35 minutes before getting inside to place our order at the counter. Not too shabby at all!I took everyone's advice and ordered the famous Chocolate Cinnamon French Toast and the Northern Italian Omelette. The warm french toast tasting extraordinary with the maple syrup and fresh bananas. I found each bite to be comforting and its definitely a great dish to share if you're craving something savory as well. The Northern Italian Omelette was also AMAZING and I'm so glad we ordered it. The dish had generous amounts of Panchetta, Mushrooms, and Garlic Jack Cheese. It was such a magical combination and it was by far the best Omelette I've encountered yet!Tip, if you're going to eat here, come extra early (before 9:00 AM) or come really late (we're talking about 2:00 PM since it closes at 3). Also be sure to note that this place is CASH ONLY. :) Definitely worth the crazy wait time because the Omelette was seriously to die for!"}, {"review_id": "1Yy0DFEi3zNF86iJjh2N1A", "user_id": "8peyDqFPoADDwGuCUvIo7g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/26/2018", "text": "Great breakfast/brunch spot!When you're planning when to get there, the longer you get in line, the longer you and your party might wait. My girlfriend and I arrived around 9 AM or so, and waited for a good hour and 15 minutes or so. We got to order Mama's Monte Cristo and banana bread french toast. My goodness, their Monte Cristo tasted amazing and was fantastically platted. The banana bread I can say has the same fresh taste and included fresh banana slices on top. We also got to order their fresh orange juice and, it was a win. Service was great and came back to check in if we needed anything."}, {"review_id": "ShendDU8dKeiwU55tu80ww", "user_id": "CwkDmbyWGEfAtqwj2vwv9Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/31/2017", "text": "Easily one of the best brunch spot to hit up when you're in the bay area. Expect long wait time so plan ahead. How it works...Fall in lineWait for your turn to get inOrder at the counterWait for a table... What I tried...Monte cristo! Don't leave this place without getting the monte cristo! It's so delish! Worth the wait in lineCrab benedict- they don't skimp on the crab! Get this if it is available Service-- is ok. They check on you once in a while and get you refills. Overall, it is truly a hyped up brunch place. Come here with a big appetite. Servings are huge, probably shareable by two to three people."}, {"review_id": "C196yY1SfnoHJS3wQ2V48A", "user_id": "RNHR4C_fkAKeJXOcj_lOHA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/27/2017", "text": "Get there early while the queue is short otherwise you'll spend a while waiting - we nearly got to 1 hours.However, once you're inside, it's relatively speedy and the staffs are helpful.Their food is amazing. We ordered \"Washington Square\"-omelet and \"Our Famous Monte Cristo\". Both were really good especially \"Our Famous Monte Cristo\". So delicious!They also provide housemade bread and jam. I loved the jam so much. Not too sweet and very fresh.This place is fantastic. Well worth the wait in line.Come check and have a good brunch time!--舊金山知名早午餐店, 差不多中午的時間到餐廳就已經大排長龍店裡座位不多,我們大約等了一個小時我們兩個人點了歐姆蛋\"Washington Square\", 和大家推薦的\"Our Famous Monte Cristo\"\"Our Famous Monte Cristo\"超級好吃！強烈推薦來這一定要點這一道法國吐司裡面有雞肉和火腿, 吐司煎到表皮有點脆脆的, 但裡面的肉軟嫩多汁搭配起來真的是太美味了！價位中上,兩人餐點共$42.2(兩份早午餐＋兩杯咖啡)服務很好, 店員都非常親切推薦給來舊金山遊玩的人, 早上早一點出發或許可以省去許多排隊時間！"}, {"review_id": "9SLI1xEC7OxhCMEJtwsNUw", "user_id": "9LjOW_9CgDQ0u0bD4-5Zog", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/29/2018", "text": "Wowee! On Saturday around 10am, we waited in line for an hour to get in. We ordered at the front before being seated. They only accept debit card or cash, no credit card. We got the mamas smoothie, Florentine eggs Benedict, and mamas French Toast sampler. The smoothie was so yummy! It has berries, yogurt, honey, and banana. The Florentine eggs benedict had spinach and mushroom. The eggs were so juicy. We got fruit instead of potatoes to come with it. The French Toast sampler had a blueberry flavor, cinnamonish flavor, banana like flavor. It had fruits on top like berries and banana. Also came with maple syrup and this yummy creamy sauce. It was all very delicious.They were diligent in refilling our water. There is a tiny little outdoor bathroom if you go through the kitchen. There is often a line for it."}, {"review_id": "gMHprMJTx2UpHYg4YO8p_w", "user_id": "w3wlCroSNY-EkfIynn7I_A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/24/2018", "text": "Who says no?Located by beautiful park in calm and comfortable area. This is my favorite activity to come here in early morning and have decent breakfast making me feel away of daily life.Any of variety menu qualify your standard. I see customer smile even after they waited for tens of minutes to get seated. Try homemade jam."}, {"review_id": "XyTUYeRsyqayJxdI-NSLyA", "user_id": "j8m6Qn1aCwSYEBbXlVGgGA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/5/2018", "text": "Tupac's \"Dear Mama \" and The Intruders \"I'll Always Love my mama\" are two classic/timeless songs. My father doesn't even like Hip hop or even know who Tupac is but he LOVES the song Dear Mama..but I digress..Cool spot , I got here pretty early and waited in line and was among the first to enter so I was able to people watch. I saw my soon to be best friend at Liguria Bakery making her bomb foccacia. I saw more senior citizen women in Washington park bumping music while they did Tai Chi  which I wanted to join...but all kidding aside...and \"on Mama's\" ...I was excited to try MOWS (Mama's on Washington Square). Per suggestions I got the : Monte Cristo- This was delish and was the standout of the items I ordered. The jelly/jam goes excellent with the fried offeringsFrench Toast Sampler- While this was good I didn't like it nearly as much as I like the Monte Cristo.Unfortunately I couldn't try the Dungeness Crab Eggs Benedict I'll save that for a later date. The service was good , food came out about 15 minutes or so after I ordered and as I mentioned I got in with the first batch of people to get in since I arrived very early in the morning (early bird gets the worm).\" It feels good putting money in your mailbox. I love paying rent when the rent is due. I hope you got the diamond necklace that I sent to you...\" RIP Tupac !"}, {"review_id": "6DAobNIBwp9B2fgADtFxow", "user_id": "eDASio_BIAyIod5jCo2KOQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/2/2018", "text": "You have to be serving a damn good breakfast to support a two hour line out the door. We came, we waited and it kicked ass. Day after Christmas was really crowded, because many restaurants were still closed. The line wrapped up the corner and we were able to run up the street to grab a coffee from Hole In The Wall Coffee to stay focused on the mission. It would be an excellent idea for Mama's to offer coffee (or mimosas) to guests waiting outside...but again, if they're making it without the hassle - I get it.Once we got in the door of the tiny restaurant, there is another small line and you order at the counter. The food prep line is just in view through glass and the whole place is bustling. It took some serious restraint to not order the carrot cake (regretting that decision) as it looked better than any I have seen. We ordered the dungeness crab omelet and the original monte cristo. Both the entreés we had were delicious. My omelet was cooked to perfection and exploding with fresh lumps of crab meat and ripe avocado. The monte cristo was beautifully plated and full of buttery goodness. Mama's potatoes were spot on, I generally won't eat potatoes  since they're filler for the most part...but these got doused in ketchup and scarfed down.Although the sun was shining on this little box of a restaurant and the grills were at full tilt, the temperature was just perfect inside. The bathroom is pretty well hidden and if you can avoid using it, I would advise it, but not for any other reason than having to walk through the kitchen. It was clean and perfectly fine.After all, Mama's was worth the wait and I would recommend it to anyone wanting a good breakfast at a place with staying power. Forget about the tourist trap comments...San Francisco wouldn't survive well without them."}, {"review_id": "IOLT1AY7p38FvdgQJwGBKA", "user_id": "yYHXQbsZdxLY7pf_tzaZ4g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/20/2018", "text": "Best Breakfast In San Francisco! This place has a daily line for a reason. The attention to quality, detail, and friendly customer is like no other. Get there early or the wait might be to long. But after coming here for the past year, I can truly say it's worth every minute. Before I go any further, they are closed on Mondays :( . So make sure you take that into consideration. I always avoid this place on the weekends unless I get in line really early. Omelettes!! That is the way I always go. I've just about tried them all, but I keep going back to some of my favorites just because they are so good. Farmers (Top Pick) Smoked Bacon, Baby Spinach, Grilled Leeks and Sonoma Goat Cheese. The flavor from the Smoke Bacon and the Goat Cheese really set this apart from other OmelettesNorthern ItalianPancetta (Italian Cured Bacon), Mushroom, Fresh Basil, Tomatoes and Garlic Jack Cheese. My latest try and moving it ways up the list. The Garlic Cheese and Pancetta.. wow! The CalifornianCrispy Bacon, Avocado, and Monterey Jack CheeseSimple yet so amazing!! Was my second favorite until I tried the Northern Italian.The place is small, but they do know how to get you in and out while enjoying your meal. Always look forward to eating here."}, {"review_id": "vzYtfMwQoTAlzMBa_RF5Zw", "user_id": "E43fOz5VM6BsdlCae1ksJg", "rating": 1.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "I was thoroughly enjoying my breakfast, despite the wait, until I noticed a poster celebrating Christopher Columbus staring down at me. As somebody who has native ancestry, I liken his image to other despots like Hitler. It's 2018, why do you risk offending your patrons with such an image? I won't be returning to Mama's ever again."}, {"review_id": "hyJjPiXSBVn7ATi9_JKf-A", "user_id": "TzWMjmLBTcn7S3ZCsKkkOw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/20/2018", "text": "We waited 2 HOURS in the freezing cold on a Sunday to eat lunch which was now lunner at 3:30pm. Thankfully we made some friends while waiting so the wait wasn't too excruciating, but still!  Finally we entered into the restaurant but weren't able to be seated YET.  We waited another 15-20 min to order at the counter and then were able to be seated.  At this point, I didn't care if I was served McD or Panda Express, I was hangry! Ordered crab cake Benedict- very good Carrot cake- decent with a good amount of carrot shavingsChocolate pancakes- ehhhhDue to the massive plunge in our blood sugar levels, we literally inhaled our food, with minimal talking and finished in 15 min.  Pretty anti-climactic and not worth the wait."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/mamas-on-washington-square-san-francisco?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]