[[{"review_id": "zzK576oHd9v1L3dOKdqXMA", "user_id": "OR78B0E4p9RZ-kIHZ-DDeA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "Great flavor, tried the gyro and the falafelsandwich and they were both good! Second time after many years and liked! I'm sure that are mo delicious things in the menu that i would try in my next visit"}, {"review_id": "8L88LrHy3NSgitzmFDVDew", "user_id": "pVVwbRq0pklVL8Fqzj8F5A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "Finally tried Falafel's Drive-In after hearing so much about it! It's a small place but it has plenty of outdoor seating (it's under an awning). The employees are really nice and friendly. Love the feel of this place for a quick bite to eat. Everything is pretty decently priced too.My boyfriend got the falafel sandwich and I got the gyro. I definitely enjoyed the falafel more than the gyro, I'll have to order it next time. I'm not usually the biggest fan of falafel, but this sandwich changed my mind. The falafel was a nice crispy texture on the outside and super flavorful. I liked it with the tahini and hot sauce together. I also got a banana shake and it was SO GOOD! I'm also usually wary about banana flavors, but this banana shake was just too good. I loved it, 10/10 recommend."}, {"review_id": "bAy5NxzNy7UJ4XqjzQYQSg", "user_id": "HWBTOG4T5nloTNvP-ZE_bA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "The lines at this place can be pretty long on a weekend day around 11 am. That's surprising because that's pretty early for people to be having lunch. However, the lines only got longer during the half hour we were there, with people filling up the outdoor seating area (good thing there are heaters outside since it was a chilly day). The indoor seating area was also packed with people, alongside people eating in their cars as well. We waited about 20 minutes in a pretty long line and the guy taking the orders was curt. I ordered some of the food and was surprised when he was doing something with a remote and repeated what I just said with a question mark: \"Umm?\" And I'm thinking that he was busy doing something else, and waiting for him to finish before finishing up our order. So that was abrupt of him. The food itself was fine. We ordered one of the specials, a large falafel sandwich and banana shake, a large side of fries, and then a falafel salad. The falafel itself really is great and with the red sauce on the side, it is awesome. However, the salad was just really plain and bland. It just had more sesame and red sauce in it, with no other veggies other than dry lettuce, which just did not taste fresh. The fries were pretty salty and definitely added to our food coma after our meal here, so we probably wouldn't get all of that again. The shake was also kind of watery as if there weren't a good quality of ice cream used with it. I think the redeeming thing about this location is the falafel and the red sauce, but I don't think I'd recommend any of the other items we ordered that day."}, {"review_id": "I1oC7WbUXY5EMF4rsPgKbw", "user_id": "R7L6Fz8_SJuPJx3TqwzfTA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "Falafel's Drive-In is one popular place--its menu is a cross between Middle East-inspired street food and American classics (hot dogs and the like). You order at the window and seat yourself at one of the semi-outdoor tables--there's a distinctly classic American \"drive-in\" feel to the place, and indeed, many of the flavors have been modified to fit American taste buds.Coming in for lunch, we had only a short wait before ordering and picking up our food. I started with the falafel salad--the homemade falafel balls were crispy and nicely seasoned, and the simple salad of lettuce and tomato came with a watery but tasty tahini sauce on the side, as well as a red sauce that looked super spicy (as it had a ton of chili pepper seeds), but in fact was a very sweet spiced ketchup/tomato paste. Certainly not authentic but tasty nonetheless! We also got an order of the pita chips, which consisted of the fried \"slices\" of pita that are cut off from pita bread to make falafel sandwiches, and the chips were seasoned with an insane amount of za'atar, which was fantastic! We also had the dolmas, or rice wrapped in grape leaves, which were served cold and kind of average. Lastly, though I'm not that into sweets, I had to try the famous banana shake but didn't turn out to be a huge fan. The shake was quite watery, had an artificial banana flavor, and turned out to be overly sweet for my tastes.Overall, this was a good meal at a great value, and while I'd say that Falafel's Drive-In is worth trying, I probably wouldn't come back anytime soon, as there's definitely better, more authentic Middle-Eastern food elsewhere."}, {"review_id": "yba6cvpBQpHpR85gkpUAYQ", "user_id": "di1Lpu1CgalyotISa8eISw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "Had some time to kill and didn't realize how close this place is to Valley Fair. Didn't have any expectations, but I have heard how long this place has been around. Got the small gyro (and didn't get made fun of my pronunciation, lol) here, and I love the layout of this drive-in place. Plenty of parking and outdoor seating, and they made my order super quick. Everything is cut up into big chunky pieces, and my gyro came with tons of meat. Not to mention it tasted very fresh and refreshing.Sitting outside brings me back and it definitely feels like a retro vibe here. I liked seeing the photos of Guy Fieri around the place, but they don't seem too hung up on former glory of being on triple D. They seem to strive to keep putting out good food. Employees were cool, and I was definitely happy with what I ordered. Will have to come back and check out the much talked about falafel."}, {"review_id": "QwoEYj0S6xbDxLEirojkkw", "user_id": "T7UOTXOsi6ZdJkzy8czTMw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/19/2018", "text": "Sometime these reviews are easy. They just fly off the keyboard. Other times its much harder to articulate your thoughts. When its an local icon, and you have some ups and downs its brutal........ Such is the case with Falafel's Drive-In. If we had stuck JUST to the falafel, gotten takeout, its an easy 5 stars. However, we dinned in, ordered other stuff and thus the quandary I find myself in. Look I know better right? Falafel is the the name of the place so you should stick to that......  Outside of the falafel its a 2-3 star place (I will elaborate) but the namesake is so good its like a 6 star kind of thing so I settled on a soft 4.The Food: Falafel Sandwich: I went large and was not disappoined. The pita is stuffed with just the right amount of everything. The falafel themselves are crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside with the perfect combination of chickpeas, parsley, garlic, and whatever else they put in the. For me its the perfect fritter. Topped with tahini sauce, and that oh so sweet but spicy chili sauce (plus a bit of salad) its is perfect. The pita was barely able to hold onto this piece of awesomeness. The tahini sauce adds a bit of richness with that understated sesame taste. Set off by the herbs in the falafel, it forms a nice duo. The chili sauce adds a whole new layer to the affair. For my money its the best in this area. Chicken Pita: The chicken was off. It had a off rubbery texture to it and it was quite bland as it under seasoned. We had to add a tone of the aforementioned sweet chili sauce to kick it up. It was an easy meh.....Onion Rings: The main issue with the onion rings was that they were not very crispy and they were at best slightly warm. Had they been hot and crispy, they would have been pretty good. Looks its a cool divey place. The murals on the wall are fantastic and if your from the Bay Area it brings back alot of South Bay History. On the other hand it was pretty dirty. The tables were a bit sticky and some spots on the floor were almost like walking on flypaper. The prices are quite good, and the staff is friendly and efficient. I will keep coming back but I will be sticking to a strict falafel diet going forward."}, {"review_id": "nms-Q4fN-yeYfEEdvF8oBw", "user_id": "ryf4jg4g3xweyIjkGOY3vg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/2/2018", "text": "Falafel Drive-In has always been consistently good, and consistently popular. Their food is fresh, service is fast and the food is so good!My go to meal is their special. It's a large falafel with a banana milk shake. It's THE perfect meal there. I typically do not have tahini sauce, so I usually get that on the side but I love their spicy sauce. It's a mix of ketchup and chili sauce (or at least that's what it seems like). The large falafel is actually very large. I'm not sure exactly how many falafel pieces are in there but I want to say 6.Their banana milk shake is SO good. Fresh and real pieces of banana in there. Even my non-banana liking bf LOVES this milkshake.The lines can be long but they truly push out the food super fast so don't be discouraged. There is seating inside and outside (but there are a lot of birds). There is parking in a lot next door or on the street."}, {"review_id": "UFeAwcJ62uSmxebg6HDjhg", "user_id": "5qgJTus1l35A6bqW2fFk0w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "Delicious falafel (bite size, crunchy on the outside, soft but not soggy on the inside), amazing pita chips (herby and garlic) that are freshly made so that some are crispy and some are still soft. We also ordered the babaganouj, which was very good as well."}, {"review_id": "cBGHfa__NXQiYG6FTIb_lw", "user_id": "0H2ggT37lK8hsbH8aGR1Ug", "rating": 2.0, "date": "3/14/2018", "text": "3/10/18I knew better.  Guy Fieri, the biggest douchebag personality ever on TV, the very worst \"chef\" on the Food Network, the fakest fake of all of the Food Kingdom,... THAT DUDE... was plastered all over, as I saw walking toward the order window.But as much as I love to hate him, I have to admit that he does make everything look yummy on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives.  And since they did a feature of this restaurant, you'd figure it would be awesome...NOT.NOT EVEN FRICKIN' \"GOOD.\"  Like just edible.1. Banana Shake $4.75:  One of the \"famous\" items here.  Alright, I will say, it definitely has tons of fresh banana in there cause you can really taste it, even the texture of the gritty small seeds.  That said, it was icy and watery.  Soooo.... screw the hype... 5/102. Gyros Lg $8.75:  Let me tell you, after tasting this, how ANYONE could say a pita sandwich here is any good is beyond me.  Yeah, I realize they're really more famous for the Falafel version, especially given their name, and my friend's did look better, but other than the one ingredient everything else was the same.  The store-bought, mass-manufactured, stale pita pocket bread.  The over-abundant lettuce.  The watery white sauce making everything soggy.  Same stuff.  Oh, and they add tomatoes.  That's IT, besides my gyro...And let's talk about that gyro--no, it wasn't shaved off the spinning rotisserie.  Just cubed.  And oh my god they gotta lay off the filler.  It was like a really bad crab cake--all bread, no meat.  Might as well have been vegetarian.Crappy pita sandwich.  3/10What the hell Mr. Fieri?  Not only can I not stand watching your face, now I can't even trust your opinion in what you should know best--comfort nutrition-be-damned good ol' mmm-mmm-yummy food.2/5Disclaimer: My opinion about Mr. Fieri is absolutely nonsensical, as I'd admit.  Never read anything about how he is in real life.  He could be the world's greatest Guy (har har har pun intended).  I dunno.  And I will never tell you how many times I've watched his show...!, so there.#guyfieri #sanjose #falafel #gyro #star #middleeastern #fastfood"}, {"review_id": "xNrz-7VBfEQNX_EpKtaIUw", "user_id": "lbEY6U0t_Qda65OuouxoOQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "Why did it take me so long to discover this place!!!I thought I wouldn't like Falafel's Drive In because I never really enjoyed falafels so I didn't have any expectations. I was dragged here by my boyfriend and to my surprise, this was the best damn thing I've had in a while! I think the fact that I didn't expect to like it made it so much more delicious. I've been craving and constantly thinking about this place since.I got the falafel, the gyro, and the banana shake and everything about this meal was perfectttt. The falafel was definitely my favorite, though. I also really enjoyed their hot sauce, not really hot but more tangy in my opinion. I also really like the vibe of the place, the outdoor seating and painting on the wall really reminds me of Hawaii for some reason lol."}, {"review_id": "LTVSI5FWuphX1Y4iZu-V0A", "user_id": "758xhNBgcIPpUQOzTFaUAg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/5/2018", "text": "I really like this place because it has something for everyone. They have fused together the taste of middle eastern food and American fast food. They're really quick to make the food and are really friendly.I've been coming here for the past couple of years now and I love their food! Their falafels sandwiches are really good and their prices are very reasonable for the amount of food you get. I also get the chicken sandwich which is a piece of seasoned grilled chicken on a bun with lettuce, tomatoes, and mayo. It quick fast food without all the greasiness and is pretty flavorful.I tried the pita chips for the first time the other day and I thought they were good. I would try that again next time with the white sauce because I think that would be a really good pairing. I also noticed that they added chicken shawarma to the menu and will definitely go back to try that as well."}, {"review_id": "Fd7FISitwPvff04d_zM4yg", "user_id": "SHqSTxYYSDhdYj7PEEkDRg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/21/2018", "text": "These are my favorite falafels ever. I am always on the hunt for good Mediterranean food, especially falafels, and these have been the best ones yet. They are fresh, moist, and so flavorful! Environment: This hole in the wall consists of outdoor tables and chairs. There is also a tiny section of seating inside, but most people sit outside. The place is covered with an overhang, and has windows that people order from. The outdoor seating area isn't the most inviting, but the wall art is very unique to the place. In terms of parking, the lot gets really full, but there are always parking spots near the residential areas for you to park at and then walk over.   Falafel sandwich (5/5):You know it's a good falafel when the color is green. These falafels are light to medium green and have a great cumin flavor. Crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. The onion, parsley, and garlic flavors are also very distinct. This family recipe is seriously the best! I love the pita pocket, and the chili sauce that goes with it is perfect -- sweet and spicy. Service:I have only come here on weekends, but they are normally really busy. I usually have to wait a little bit, but I don't mind. The wait is so worth it once I get my food. Love the staff here because they try to speed the orders up as quickly as possible. Last Thoughts:I only come here for the falafel sandwiches. The large is the perfect size for me (small is typically only just right). I love coming to this place. I always crave these falafels, and look forward to when I can eat here every time. Come hungry and be prepared to enjoy the best falafels ever!!"}, {"review_id": "irB6BpgbkUqqzb24phHSNw", "user_id": "j8vLWCPlDKm1C8jgAhefhA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "Best falafel balls in town! Sized to be slightly bigger than your average cotton ball, these falafel balls are crisp and full of flavor! I ordered about five of these, and my fiancé stole one of my mine.The tabbouleh here is also rather delicious. However, the real special is the lunch special comprising of a large falafel wrap with a banana shake - for $10! You cannot go wrong with the baba gannoj here either. My fiancé also claims this place has the best baba ganooj.This place has also been visited by Guy Fieri himself, and I believe the owner is of Palestinian origins.Prices here are very reasonable for what you get as well.Will definitely return!"}, {"review_id": "aSPyLkC1PvgugwM_TsMMGQ", "user_id": "hFrsSpNCBPBQjX42S8Xn1w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/12/2018", "text": "Finally able to visit and try their falafels. Verdict: best I've ever had! These little scrumptious balls of goodness were crispy on the outside, bursting with flavors inside, and paired perfectly with their red and white sauce.. All of this snuggled inside a pita pocket alongside some greens, cucumbers, and tomatoes. Every bite was so good!! I got a large falafel sandwich and it is very filling, especially if you're ordering a side and their banana shake. If you're in the area, don't pass this place up! It definitely is deserving of a place on my top eats!!"}, {"review_id": "fxL_ko_64NmGq-mDDM7e9A", "user_id": "ahwpRaWh939Sjns5bWb36Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/2/2018", "text": "I love stopping by this place whenever I'm in the area for a quick and filling meal! Lines here can get long, but they move fairly quickly. The falafels here are amazing! They're crispy on the outside, fresh, and delicious. Topped with plenty of veggies and their spicy sauce all wrapped in a pita.....perfection.Beware though! It gets messy so be sure to grab some napkins."}, {"review_id": "gT7ZJU5LWBko2kXg0qDaBg", "user_id": "HrsOUf77EUu3aydEo_OVmw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "My friends said that this place is a must-go if you're in San Jose and I must say, it's probably one of the best falafels I've had! I got the standard small falalfel sandwich ($5) and those falafels we're super crispy! Just how I like them. Biting into a warm green falalfel was so satisfying and paired with their sauce, mmmm! I definitely recommend checking this place out if you're around. They are cash or debit only so be prepared when you come!"}, {"review_id": "Yx7GlMHuhSDpzmokmAGiog", "user_id": "YIHEsaceMbt4wUb-ojTn5w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/20/2018", "text": "SO GOOD! How did i not know about this gem before! I happened to be in the area, and I ended up being hungry and searching on Yelp and finding this place. I went about 30 minutes before closing time, so I figured it would be close to closing up shop, but there was a long line outside still and a lot of people waiting around for their orders. We decided on small sandwiches, and it was basically the large size sandwich cut in half. The wait was not long, and I regret not ordering a banana milkshake with my order. The sandwich was quite messy, but so worth the mess. It was so flavorful, and I also added some spicy sauce on the side, which added even more flavorful and some spice. The spicy sauce actually looks a lot spicier than it actually is, but it is not as spicy as it looks. The pita was so full and everything was freshly made and crispy inside. The pita bread was also fresh and filled with lettuce, tomato, and red and white sauce. I definitely recommend this place, and it was a great bang for your buck for a late night bite."}, {"review_id": "UsHpeZwdgsRXGtuwVHXoKw", "user_id": "DBJ4b1cU_21pM41uhyu-PQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/9/2018", "text": "We've heard of this place a lot, so we finally came. Food was very good I got their popular falafel sandwich- flavors were savory (and a little bit spicy), but I wish the sauce was all over the sandwich rather than just on top. I wasn't a fan of the pita chips- I thought they were kind of plain even though there was a lot of herbs on it. They also have other side options like fries and onion rings. It's busy around lunch time- we had to park a block away since their parking lot was crowded by people out for lunch. There's lots of tables to sit outdoors, under a roofed area."}, {"review_id": "3kbdKxS5efUDmjmQY-jweg", "user_id": "X6U3CFn7-x8BKgO9Eb6G6w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/24/2018", "text": "Just came back to this place after not having had it for awhile. Surprise, surprise - still the same great food as always! This time, given my body's recent rejection to gluten, I got the gyro salad, while my bf got the gyro. He downed the gyro in 0.2 minutes, so I'll assume he loved it ;) The gyro salad was excellent! Lots of flavorful, tender chunks of meat, lettuce, tomato, and a citrusy, creamy dressing. I also splurged and got a banana milkshake. It is sooo worth it. Highly recommend treating yourself to this creamy, not to sweet, cool treat! As for seating, it can be cold on winter days, but it is covered, so you're good to go even if it rains. Be prepared for a wait here; it's quite a popular destination at all hours."}, {"review_id": "E4im_56eX945R7n7Ek66UQ", "user_id": "Wk3Ezdn1ChOPZYp7rkko8g", "rating": 3.0, "date": "12/29/2017", "text": "A must visit when in San Jose, as is one of those staples from 1966 and that is retro in here! It was my first time after a nice walk in Santana Row. I was craving gyros and falafel and thought this was a drive-through, grab and go kind of place. Well, that can also be, but I was surprised to see the many tables and the interesting graffitied walls depicting stories and monuments of San Jose and Santa Clara valley. The falafel was pretty good, but the gyros was just OK in my opinion. Maybe is the squarish cut that does not seem so attractive to me, or that apparently spicy red sauce that is actually sweet. It was kind of cold and good quantity for a sandwich but nothing special. I tried also the banana shake because is another classic there, but too sweet for my taste. Easy parking in the back."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/falafels-drive-in-san-jose?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]