[[{"review_id": "jPqHcNHDTzSkzFUgWVL4Rg", "user_id": "7On6AEMRuUJGaPireJGTmQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Came here during the weekday and there was no wait. We found parking on the street(meter parking) at first we had a hard time finding it until we saw across the street the word 'monzo' The insides interior is very quaint. We came around 6 and there was no wait. We were seating immediately. We sat in front of a glass window where we could see them making the udon noodles. I got the creamy uni udon and my boyfriend got the bacon creamy udon. This is one of the best uni pasta-like dish I have had. I couldn't finish it and it was still good to-go later that night. My boyfriend loved his as well. Very creamy and the udon was cooked to perfection. The price range is roughly $20 a person"}, {"review_id": "r-SC6VzXnNYHFf-Fbr3g1A", "user_id": "8Jzj9ZK9iZDqqFBRxzLlEQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/9/2018", "text": "We stay in Little Tokyo every time we come to LA, yet rarely explore the area.For lunch, we decided to change that. We found this yummy noodle shop and decided to stop by.I ordered the lunch special; duck udon noodle soup with a beef rice bowl. The beef rice bowl I thoroughly enjoyed. The udon noodle broth was very well prepared. Lots of flavor. The duck itself was a bit dry and average. The noodles had a nice bite to them and tasted fresh. The shop isn't the biggest but it is nice and cozy. The kitchen is open, so you can see them working on the noodle dough right in front of you."}, {"review_id": "3Wp4zy2anjmds-a9K_P5UQ", "user_id": "QDGjYCDmfzGcNo3odE-yoA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "There's a reason why this restaurant has the longest line on the block and you'll just have to taste it for yourself. Clearly they're known for the udon noodles- which are absolutely amazing. The udon noodles are handmade at the restaurant and cooked to perfection. My table ordered a few appetizers along with the sea urchin, curry, and carbonara bacon udon dishes. All were delicious. I grew up eating a lot of udon noodles and this was the first time having it in a warm, creamy, savory sauce along with sea urchin. I'm a huge fan of Asian fusion dishes and this place definitely hits the spot! I'm not sure when I'll ever have these noodles again as I was just visiting LA for a day :-(. Easy street metered parking or paid public parking right across the street! Average price for a dish is ~$13."}, {"review_id": "O-tmkhlDnJ9rMSzPeKeV9w", "user_id": "svg_vZv5aRaMzulEwW11GA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "While I love udon, this is not a place I can regularly frequent -- long waits, cramped seating, so forth and so forth. However, I do feel the need to make occasional visits for their homemade, delicious udon.Large glass windows for the kitchen allows for admiration of chefs pulling long udon noodles. If you can score some seating right in front of this window, you'd be entertained for sure. If not, prepare for some tight seating where you will intimately dine with other customers near you. While I have enjoyed several dishes, the miso carbonara continues to be an all-time winner and ultimate indulgent dish that I continue to re-order. You can't go wrong with this. Thick, creamy sauce with chewy udon noodles. You will slurp it all up."}, {"review_id": "5UQbyj4aLzoG-HVaMU0AiA", "user_id": "JN9u_i6GUzp6SbafK8XI-Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/23/2018", "text": "Whoa, there's no line at Marugame Monzo? Um, yea, let's eat there!Parking: Street metered parking and paid, public parking lots all around. We work nearby and so we walked over.The coworker and I were trying to figure out what to eat for lunch - he wanted pizza, but I wanted Spitz (doner), and so we compromised on ramen, especially when we walked by Daikokuya and Marugame Monzo. We got to Daikokuya first, but they were still closed, and with good luck, Marugame Monzo was opened, and no line! As we entered, we were immediately greeted, and waited 2mins while they cleaned up our table, and we were then seated (by the window). After a quick browse, here's what we got:Drinks: Iced water - just one glass each was all we needed.My coworker got the Kitsune Udon $9 + $4 Mini Beef Rice Bowl Lunch Deal. His Udon Bowl consisted of udon, seasoned beancurds and green onions. His mini beef rice bowl looked hearty and good. He dig the soft bed of rice. Overall, he enjoyed his meal. As for me...I got the $12.75 Kakuni Bowl (no mini rice bowl for me). This meal by itself was delicious and filling. The Udon Bowl consisted of fresh, thick, yummy udon. Topped with green onion, and served with three tasty, GIANT pieces of braised, fatty pork belly (two of which were tender, while the last one was a bit tough and chewy). Best of all, I loved the broth! So clean, light and great tasting! The right amount of sodium without feeling so thirsty afterwards! I would get this Udon Bowl again, so good!Service: Our servers were polite and friendly. They got our orders down, and the food came out quickly. We were in and out within 30mins, cool!Ambience/Decor: Compact, but clean and cozy organized seating. They used up every nook and cranny efficiently! Also, if you sit at the bar, you'll get a free show. You can watch the cooks make the fresh udon right before your eyes!After our meals, my coworker and I both loved the broth, and will definitely be coming back here to try out their creamy udon. Originally, we were gonna get those, but decided not to because of our limited lunch hour, and we didn't want to be sleepy coming back to work, lol!Nonetheless, we got our eyes on the next ones:1. Sea Urchin Cream Udon2. Carbonara Bacon Udon3. Mentai Squid Butter UdonLooking forward to returning back here for the creamy udon bowls. If their creamy udon bowls are worth the hype, then I'm definitely gonna be giving it 5 Stars. Until then, 4 solid delicious stars!"}, {"review_id": "-WqGrZJqoDJrp01MWeQ0CA", "user_id": "wdXrFg8yYXc7C1oc2kS1mg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "I always walk by this place when I'm in Little Tokyo and never realized that it was the infamous udon place everyone raves about. | w a i t |I was expecting the dinner rush and a long wait because we came on a Saturday evening. But we only wanted 25 minutes for a table of 2. I think the wait would have been much longer for parties more than 2. | v i b e |It's like a \"hole in the wall\" place because it's small, a bit cramped, and easy to miss. BUT they get a lot of hype and are well-known.| f o o d |I actually don't eat or crave udon very often, but I really enjoyed the udon here! They make the udon noodles in house, and you can see the chefs at work through the glass window too. The udon noodles were the perfect texture and not too doughy. 1. Beef Udon - The waiter recommended this to me. The beef was thinly sliced. The overall dish wasn't heavy, but I wished the broth was warmer and had more flavor. 2. Miso Carbonara - Omg if I wasn't so lactose intolerant, I would be all in on this!!! This is my friend's fave and I can see why!! It's definitely on the heavier side. The sauce is SO creamy, and the bacon adds some saltiness to it. Definitely an umami bomb!| t l ; d r |Sometimes you might get lucky with wait times. Definitely worth it if it's your first time or if you appreciate handmade udon."}, {"review_id": "BhZXQKhGKxUmWRwB78XDXQ", "user_id": "tA8s77RZqAHhBtf6Oc7AdQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "Super good!Went in at 5 when it opened and didn't have to wait at all. We ordered the Negitoro roll, assorted tempura, fried chicken, sea urchin udon, carbonara udon, and the vegetarian udon.Everything was done very well!All the appetizers were very tasty, negotoro roll was my favorite.As far as Udon, wow. I've never had udon like that before. Very good (but honestly I prefer ramen  for the price and type of food)Very rich and intense flavors. Favorite was the Uni (Sea Urchin) udon. Flavor was ever so slightly better than the carbonara. Everything was very well done, staff was friendly and the service was quick."}, {"review_id": "v0BX1qFEnBfIWe5qvcb6TA", "user_id": "lCR_HtbtNHJORiroX9ExxQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "How have I not written a review for this place yet!!? There are a plethora of Japanese restaurants in Little Tokyo but I don't crave anything else as much as I crave Marugame. Their menu is so extensive and everything is so good. Any type of flavor you're craving, they have it! They do usually have a LONG wait unless you go right as they open, so be prepared to walk around little Tokyo until your name is called. I don't think they give phone calls or anything but they do tell you an approximate wait so just be sure to be back so they don't skip your name! During lunch they have lunch sets which was A LOT more food than I thought & boy was I stuffed. But you can always pack the rice bowls if anything so order to your heart's content! You won't regret it!!"}, {"review_id": "ZxUDThv6gq9SJr3DCq3o2w", "user_id": "Pn7isO6sB4-J8PYWfxbiRg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "5+ Yelp stars for the best udon ever.Udon noodles are my favorite noodles of all. And I've had udon in other restaurants that were good, and even great. But the udon at Marugame Monzo take the cake, by far. Incredibly fresh, delicious and the perfect texture, they are also offered with a variety of different seasonings and toppings.If you haven't been here yet, put it on the top of your list. We arrived right at 11:30 am in order to get counter seats so we could see the noodles being made. So much fun to have a free show during lunch! The line for lunch can be really long, so get there early. Typical Little Tokyo parking situation."}, {"review_id": "8fA7aDFajfea12f9Pp1QlQ", "user_id": "4lCI4KzmI2cKH8dBXJOo-A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "Best udon I've ever had. I ordered the beef udon and everything was perfect from the broth to the meat to the noodles! The only complaint I have is that their bowls are very large so it looks like they are serving you a large portion, but it really all is soup. I left this place still hungry and I would've been down for seconds if I felt baller enough."}, {"review_id": "gyMT56HzToX59HHNIkl-ug", "user_id": "W0aeSjZc5ocd82XiAgtq9w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "Lunch on Thursday, 4/5/18 (first time visiting)They're located right next to the famous Daikokuya in Little Tokyo. The wait time was bearable, only 15 minutes. It's a small restaurant but surprisingly fits a lot of people inside. There's an open kitchen where you can view the chefs making udon noodles.Everything looked delicious on the menu. I couldn't decide on what to order. I ended up trying the curry udon. The udon noodles were good, not soggy or hard. It has a good texture. The curry favor was flavorful and also not too spicy. I would definitely come back and try the other menu items. So many flavors yet not enough stomach space to try them all. My next order will be the uni udon. Mouthwatering already."}, {"review_id": "7LJ-I0o7smXjCTZBiTm0GQ", "user_id": "hbM_DrKp8QoI86-WIQZX3w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "I was told about this place by my cousin who's also been to Marukame in Honolulu so the BF and I were interested in checking out this place for sometime now. We drove by the place where there appeared to be a long line of people waiting for the place to open already so the BF dropped me off and got in line to wait. As soon as they opened, the folks there literally sat probably the first 30-35 people that were in line. I was next in line and there was one table left for two and because the BF wasn't with me as they were about to sit me they made me put my name on their waiting list and sit the couple that was waiting in line behind. I can't tell you how irritated I was by that because the BF came moments later after I had to write my name down on the waiting list and he was extremely irritated and didn't even want to leave a tip. Don't worry, we did leave a tip once we finished our food. About 30 minutes or so later, we were seated at a table and since we looked over the menu while we were waiting we ordered our food right away. I went with their signature sea urchin udon and the BF went with the pork belly udon and a pork belly rice bowl on the side. Once we got our food and tasted the dishes, our angst against the place went away. The food is very much worth the wait. The uni udon was full of flavor and there was a lot of uni in it to my surprise. I thought there wouldn't be as much but glad there was. We were both also surprised by the pork belly udon because we didn't think the udon would have giant pieces of pork belly in it. We were anticipating it to be sliced thinly but no, they were giant pieces. We weren't mad at it though. So if you decide to come here, be willing to wait and have your entire party with you when you come. We will definitely be back."}, {"review_id": "kE0Eh40dwuuXzHmb-YtlMQ", "user_id": "6RvEmtxIgm-g3B0s_WpPvg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/3/2018", "text": "CHEESY UDON. Basically Japanese pasta. I've never seen anything like this. Luckily (or unluckily?) we arrived at 2 because traffic was bad coming from the LAX car rental. Fortunately there wasn't a line and the kitchen was still open, so we were seated right away.I ordered the Miso Carbonara, which comes with bacon. The udon is so, so fresh - you can tell they made it fresh in-house as you can see the chefs making the udon noodles from a glass window on the kitchen wall. Creamy sauce and GENEROUS amounts of chopped bacon - and not just bacon bites, but bacon PIECES. I tasted zero miso, but I ain't complaining - my stomach was happy with the comfort food of carbonara udon.Be warned... this is ONE HEAVY DISH. Come when you're starving, not when you're even an ounce full."}, {"review_id": "x2BzBe5NbajWZjyuFt9bQA", "user_id": "95zXtEeQWUWDew6W8f9apg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "TL;DR - Quality of food is still great! Try their uni udon or the mentai squid butter udon. But for me, beef udon for the win. Prepare for ~$20 per person.Well, throughout the years I've tasted this place, I can say that the taste quality of the place has gone down. But don't get me wrong, the taste probably went down from a 5-star to a 4-star place. Nonetheless, this place is one of the places you must try for an udon restaurant in LA.This place does beef udon justice. Though you can find beef udon in many restaurants, this place is easily one of the best. The broth was satisfying to drink, the udon was not too soft and not too hard, but the best part was the beef. Crispy ends, tender, and carries the broth well. Some green onions on every bite, plus a helping scoop of the broth and udon really makes one's Saturday.And, of course, the staple recommendation from this place will be the mentai squid butter udon and the uni udon! These two were ones I've tried before and they were amazing! This past weekend, not as much, but still great!Parking is quite hard to find, but find it! Staff was great and made sure that we were taken care of. The line in this place during lunch and dinner hours do build up quickly, so coming at odd hours might help you get a seat faster. Coming in parties of 2 also helps because they have many more small tables compared to larger groups.The prices of each udon dish is fair, in my opinion. They're pricey yet leaves you feeling full. Do their lunch combo which pairs your udon with  a rice bowl for a few dollars extra ($3-$4 if memory serves correct)Well, all in all, I'll always recommend this place to others if they like udon!"}, {"review_id": "wPSLHwdFnAkzOx-0WLtxQA", "user_id": "La-2Uo8fRfGMgxOAmQRZuA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "Consistently delicious and good service. Been here several times and I only order the Uni creamy udon fromthe specialty udon menu. It's such a smooth, mild, and  flavorful taste. It isn't a typical way to serve udon, but somehow it's so perfect!!  Udon is made in house and you can see the master working hard behind a glass window. It's solid, but not heavy. Wonderful texture with a satisfying bite & chew.  Always cooked to perfection.  The $2.95 kakiage is also amazing. Delicious and a great deal for the amount of food. It's a high stack tempura with thin sliced veggies, baby scallops, & shrimp. Both items are on the MUST TRY list. Beef Tataki is s great opener. Tender rare sliced beef with light oil drizzle, chopped pickled radish, and Japanese chili powder sprinkled gently for a little heat."}, {"review_id": "_sBA0l_15bg4SCYiAAbujQ", "user_id": "KW0XQb9jt3_JHADV0n9RYg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "This is by far the BEST udon place I have ever been to!!! Seeing the noodles made fresh in front of you was the ultimate dining experience. Their uni udon and mushroom cream udon were out of this world for a very reasonable price.  we also tried the pork belly!! SO GOOD! 10/10 deff coming back!  -Wyatt & Rox"}, {"review_id": "PUR2xDZsdlffWwrLzoWnZQ", "user_id": "M5_ktOd16Zv_ziwYz7kdRg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "Small place so be prepared to wait! Street parking only. Also bring a jacket because you'll have to wait outside. The thing to get here is the urchin udon and the mentai squid butter udon. So of course, we got both. They were both really good! But it IS very heavy and thick, and I got tired of the flavor after a while. I enjoyed the squid more than the uni, but I will say the uni is super worth it. You get a ton of uni for the $17. Next time I'll definitely get one of these and then make my bf get a traditional udon to share!Also bowls look small, but you will DEFINITELY be full after."}, {"review_id": "gLsInOY348-FCslLNT-P6w", "user_id": "RiyfftYb6iuh5S1lPrp7sQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/12/2018", "text": "Came with a group of 7 and the wait was about 30 minutes on a Saturday night.We all ordered our food together and I was in great anticipation for this fusion udon experience. I got the Uni Udon. One by one I saw all my friends delicious udon dishes come out except for mine. Heroically, I said go ahead and eat I'm sure mine is coming out soon! I was wrong. They forgot my order and when I did get it my friends were nearly done with their food. I believe that they did give me some extra Uni as an apology though!Onto the udon though. I thought it was quite delicious. The Uni did not overpower the dish with too much of its seafood flavor but it did accent it well. The sauce was extremely creamy and stuck to the udon noodle well. I really tasted the Italian pasta influences in this Japanese dish! The salmon roe was really salty so make sure to distribute it evenly throughout your bowl. Highly recommended! To sum it up, great food and good service. I hope the next time I come (because the food warrants it) things will run more smoothly!"}, {"review_id": "nAKubLBEvXxj6g3_PeM3-g", "user_id": "88KYqN570RslBaNzYqdhCg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/19/2018", "text": "I am so happy I found this place! Despite an hour long wait for dinner, it was so worth it.We ordered Takoyaki ($5), Uni Cream Udon ($17), Curry Udon ($10), Choya Umeshu / plum wine ($6). Everything was delicious! The takoyaki balls had so much umami flavor. The curry udon tasted exactly as it sounds and you can take the curry back to make curry rice the next day. Plum wine is always delicious. But the highlight was the uni udon. This is the first time that I've had uni that didn't taste fishy. Literally, the first time - and that's include sushi shops in Tokyo, Nobu in NYC, etc. This is unheard of and a miracle. The uni was deliciously buttery and the uni with the roe added the brine needed to break up the creamy sauce. Highly recommended. This place is a treasure."}, {"review_id": "ZVjFPVdA2ISI9TFCrpbBWw", "user_id": "mxlvv27pKSTWs8uNyEGmTA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/25/2018", "text": "Fate decided tonight's dinner.  After putting my name on the lists for both Daikokuya (next door) and Marugame Monzo, the latter called us up first.FRIED CHICKEN = classic, juicy, tender, crispy.  I might be hard pressed to find a better version in this area.TAKOYAKI = 3 pieces a bit overloaded with toppings. MISO CARBONARA UDON = creamy with bacon and egg, hint of miso.  So indulgent, so good.MUSHROOM CREAM UDON = same creamy indulgence, but with the earthiness of mushrooms.  I added a FISHCAKE which I loved, as well as a SOFT-BOILED EGG, however this egg's creaminess was lost in the already rich broth.UDON GRATIN = baked udon with chicken in a cream sauce, topped with cheese.  This crossed over too much into the Italian zone for me.  Next time, I'll stick with the soupy offerings.SHRIMP TEMPURA UDON = good choice for anyone lactose intolerant who can't handle the signature creamy options.  This one is clear, flavorful broth with 2 pieces of crispy shrimp tempura on the side.If you're lucky enough, you'll be seated at the counter by the open kitchen.  There, watch the dough rolled out into sheets, then sliced into the perfect noodles you'll soon be indulging in.Location is in Little Tokyo along 1st Street across from the Miyako Hotel."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/marugame-monzo-los-angeles-2?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]