[[{"review_id": "tyKcWsHtzEm2OD3-qa7zzQ", "user_id": "8D3Rnqs4B9fGxzTjuwOVZg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "Blue Jam Cafe lives up to it's name--it is definitely jammin'! Easily one of my top 5 brunch places in LA! We ordered the: 1. Chilaquiles: Corn chips are house made! It was topped with scrambled eggs, braised chicken, tomatoes, cilantro, chipotle, black beans, onions, cheddar cheese, pico de gallo, and sour cream. Super filling and satisfying with blasts of amazing zesty flavor! 2. Blu Jam Benedict: Poached eggs on English muffin paired with baby spinach, mushrooms, sundried tomatoes, mozzarella, hollandaise, and grilled potatoes. Would've enjoyed it more if the English muffin was more toasted--was a bit soggy from the hollandaise. 3. Crunchy French Toast: Most amazing French toast that the universe has ever created. Order it and thank me later."}, {"review_id": "7B015qoU13ZxyOhV299MOQ", "user_id": "ycc8omtM8ElCJaJNE2h_pQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "This is a must try brunch place. Def worth the hype!! My friends and i got the steak hash, norwegian benedict, california omelet, and crunchy french toast.CRUNCHY FRENCH TOAST IS LITERALLY THE BEST THING EVERRRRRRR. (Must get) Steak hash was super good as well. California omelet is not super special but definitely tasty. And i personally didnt like the benedict because the bread base was very thin and soggy. Servers are friendly but a littttle slow. Also there were alot of other things on the menu i wanted to try!! Very diverse and interesting :) We went early so only had breakfast options. Would def come back to explore the lunch itemsCome around 10-10:30 to beat the rush ! Line started forming long around 11-11:30"}, {"review_id": "EDQkTNNCphuYFGqA6e-Mmw", "user_id": "DeMzIeTYi_ySomA4tD7Ilw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Came here on a Sunday around 12PM and waited about 1 hour to 1.5 for a table for 2. Place was packed and crowded when we got there. It was the only brunch place on the street with a crowd of 20 or more people crowded around it. Ordered the Blu Jam Benedict and Norwegian Benedict. Coming from a person who brunched pretty hard in San Francisco, this place wasn't a disappointment. The benedicts were cooked perfectly, egg broke and poured over just right. The bacon on the Blu Jam wasn't soggy and was the right amount of crispy. The salmon on the Norwegian was tasty and not salty at all. I loved how small and diced the potatoes were on the side. I would definitely come back, but I don't think I'd ever wait another hour to eat here. I'm glad I gave it a try, but I don't think it's worth over an hour of wait time!"}, {"review_id": "l-h3imkKuurm1DqXh-B7OA", "user_id": "qwvqOG9UoClcR4iFnmAPHw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "You know where the good food is at when there is a line up of young people! Coming here at 12pm on a weekday, waiting was only about 10mins.Seating outdoor and indoor, both with a breezy feel with plants and pots and paintings on walls. Excellent table service and free wifi! There is also a variety of menu items with gluten free and vegan options and all day breakfast. I like how they advertise that they use natural meats with no antibiotics, no added hormones, or added nitrates and that we know where their eggs are from: brown, organic, free range eggs from Milo's Farm.Got the make your own eggs combo: scrambled eggs with ham, bacon, chicken sausage, cheddar and substitute the potatoes for mixed greens.It comes with a slice of toast, which was so fresh and crunchy! Delicious with the creamed butter, I wished they served more of it! The eggs were good, a huge portion for one person. I am pleasantly surprised with the amount of greens too, they don't skimp out! Serves with hot sauce and a sweet smokey black sauce; I found I didn't need either as the salad is already dressed and the eggs has a lot of salt and flavour already."}, {"review_id": "C5HU0DMQt9TvimpwNoc9cA", "user_id": "qS7g94fSIEZr5kQMck1HQA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "One of my favorite brunch spots in LA! I've been here multiple times and I'm never disappointed with their food. It can be difficult trying to find parking here & there will most likely be a wait if you come during a busy hour. I came here around 2pm and got seated about 20 minutes later. So if you're not too hungry, I would suggest coming later in the afternoon. My go-to food item here is the crunchy french toast! It's the best french toast I've ever had. It comes with berries & a vanilla bean sauce that you pour over it. I think the sauce is what makes it so good. The other dish I tried is the California Omelette. This is probably a more basic dish, but you can't go wrong with it. It's very filling and the potatoes that come on the side are also delicious. I shared these dishes with another friend and we were both very full after the meal, so their portion sizes are big & good for sharing. Overall, I'm a big fan of this place because they serve such good brunch food!"}, {"review_id": "aEHFRSK0jzZVMsRh08qhKA", "user_id": "5vPhuJUhrEL_9jzNx4JnOg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "A trip to LA wouldn't be complete unless you go to visit the Hollywood sign, and Melrose (especially if you used to watch the show). Found this place (thanks Yelp!!) and had to see what all the fuss was about. Then I saw the menu and that French toast, and I was determined to wait as long as necessary (we waited about 30 min on a Saturday, FYI). Thankfully this place was pretty (double) stroller friendly, so for those of you with multiples, you're good (they'll even store your stroller for you). We were seated and the waiter was pretty awesome with trying to keep our order straight, between what we need and getting random foods for my girls (I know, it's their job, but hey, some people got it and some don't). Everything looked delicious, but I ended up getting the salmon scramble and the French toast to share. My partner also go the chilaquiles...in fact, everyone else in our party got the chilaquiles.The food didn't take too long to come out. The portions are pretty large (you could totally family-style the dishes). My salmon dish was cooked to perfection! I got my eggs scrambled hard and added some cheese and it was on point! And the French toast...honestly, if I wasn't in a group, I would have totally eaten the entire dish myself (that's my inner fat girl talking), but I was with others, so I had to maintain a sense of decorum (especially when the others were so \"full\"...I would have stuffed myself to the brim had they not been there, but I digress). The chilaquiles was also delicious, but note that they won't let you change the type of eggs with this dish. My orange juice was also pretty fresh, and their yogurt and berries was pretty much a hit with my girls. I definitely plan on coming back to this place and have it bookmarked for our next trip (where I'll be able to hopeful unleash my inner fat girl to her full potential!)"}, {"review_id": "Lwh8KfjK6_Gh1jAI0bn6xg", "user_id": "N82O-pWWp8xBJJH_UNJ0HA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/30/2018", "text": "Blu Jam is my new jam!This place is nothing less than perfection!  We were walking along Melrose Avenue, shopping, and trying to figure out our next stop. The family consensus was that we needed to grab food before we headed out to another part of LA. Best meal decision of the day!We knew there would be a wait, just based on the number of people hanging round the front of the restaurant. The seating hostess could have said that there was an inside waiting area, but im not hating on her. It was an honest mistake, and we could have popped inside to look ourselves. The wait was about 30 mins for our group, and that gave us plenty of time to shop at the surrounding stores. *bonus*Lets just say that the wait for worth it. Seating was comfortable, and the wait staff was at the table instantaneously. Water, tea, and soft drinks arrived in record time.  The waitress was super sweet, and was happy to answer our questions about menu items.So much good food to choose from. This is the place that you want to try everything on the menu, and will make the point of dining here frequently. Yes, our experience was THAT good. We ordered the crunchy french toast, which the waitress suggested that we get a plate for the table. We totally agreed. The portion was huge, and the sweet tasting delight, was super sweet. Delicious, but needs something salty, or savory to break up the sweetness. The Norwegian Eggs Benedict was outstanding! The lox was a tad salty, but it worked with the hollandaise sauce, and made for a perfect taste sensation.  The eggs were perfectly poached, and had that buttery taste that a perfect poached egg should have. The side of potatoes were kind odd to me, as they were small cubes of potatoes. Its not the norm, but why should it be?! They were delish. Move over plain french toast, Maui french toast is here. Its a crunchy french toast, with coconut shavings, and caramelized bananas. The pineapple dipping sauce, made this a luau to my tastebuds. The bananas are over the top good, and if i could also have them over ice cream, OMG!!They have several locations around the greater LA area, but I highly suggest the Melrose location. It has a great vibe, great customer service, and the food is amazing. Its my new favorite breakfast spot in LA, and once you try it, it will be yours as well!"}, {"review_id": "3iWwGkaHApA80H8uwCuNgg", "user_id": "fRJpK_b0rrjpBgRZjvfvgA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/18/2018", "text": "My favorite breakfast place in town. Blu Jam Cafe has several locations. From Woodland Hills to Downtown Los Angeles. The minute you arrive to the hostess table you are greeted with a warm welcome. I'm a big fan of customer service. Blu Jam Cafe customer service is always solid.After being seated your drink order is taken right away. No more then two minutes your server comes offer and ask if you have any questions on the menu. The French toast is a must when you come to Blu Jam Cafe. You have several French toast choices. From assorted with berries, banana with coconut and stuffed cream. The omelets are excellent. The coffee selections are very large.  Blu Jam Cafe as a very friendly vegan and vegetarian menu too. If you are coming for breakfast or lunch you will not go wrong no matter what you order. The food quality is always solid. From the minute you walk in to the minute you leave you have excellent customer service.As parking is a hit or miss here."}, {"review_id": "0QG2nrTcM2sXhhPovGwCAg", "user_id": "JcuRhF_vzaCdVTjg-Nupow", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/20/2018", "text": "I wanted to try a new place for brunch so I decided to come here.  There are several locations but I chose this location because it was on the way. It was easy to find and there is street side parking.My husband and I ordered the crunchy french toast to share. Honestly, it was okay and I think it's been hyped up too much. The toast felt like it has been smashed and the consistency between the \"crunch\" and toast itself wasn't very different.In addition to the french toast, I ordered myself the Blu Jam Cheeseburger and my husband ordered the Kali Crab Meat Sandwich. My cheeseburger was absolutely delicious! The red onions added a great  flavor and there was a sauce that added some heat to your meal. It got a little messy eating it but it was worth it. As for the crab meat sandwich, it also tasted very good with fresh ingredients.Despite the overrated french toast, the other dishes we got made up for it!"}, {"review_id": "o196HAnE5GPGGjsAFXNtiA", "user_id": "g7a1ThDGHEZvk-t9HKUUPQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/11/2018", "text": "Went on one of the worst days possible, Saturday morning but surprising the wait wasn't too bad. We waited a totally of 25 minutes give or take and was seated on the extension side of the restaurant. Once we were seated we were greeted by our server and another staff came to take out drink order while we browsed over the menu. We ended up ordering both the NORWEGIAN BENEDICT $15.95Poached eggs, Scottish smoked salmon, spinach, tomato, dill hollandaise, english muffin, grilled potatoes.Benedict wasn't too bad. The grilled potatoes was my favorite on this dish though. Crispy yet soft and flavorful. 3 1/2 stars***BREAKFAST QUESADILLA $15.95Scrambled eggs, braised chicken, tomatoes, cilantro, chipotle, onions, spinach, avocado, cheddar, flour tortilla, side of pico de gallo, sour cream, grilled potatoesThe better option out of both times that we ordered. Great portion and fresh ingredients. The flour tortilla was crispy on the outside and the inside was warm and gooey with cheese, eggs, and chicken. Sour cream and avocado as well as pico de Gallo was on the side which we appreciated. 4 stars****Service was spectacular. Everyone and I mean everyone checked on us. The staff from the waiters/waitress down to the bus boy all work together well to make sure diners are happy with napkins, water, condiments and whatever else they needed. I didn't have to ask for a refill on water not once. Every time it was about halfway in my cup someone  was already refilling it. Would definitely come back to try other items. Like their famous French toast, I would've love to try it but unfortunately I gave up all sweets for lent so Next time for sure."}, {"review_id": "ek4e-7I8jdQV-mIJnr3P-g", "user_id": "CjhTdmN6qWEKC7Zo6qadow", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/9/2018", "text": "I saw so many good reviews for Blu Jam Cafe before going to CA, I had it bookmarked for brunch. We stopped by on Saturday morning and were told the wait time was about 45 minutes. We found parking to be tough at all places during our entire trip, so since we had found a spot, we decided to just wait it out. Well, a few parties that had come before us left which put us ahead on the list, we were seated about 20 minutes after arrival!After a glance over the menu, I selected the Norwegian Benedict which had poached eggs, smoked salmon, spinach, & tomatoes on an English muffin, topped with dill hollandaise, served with grilled potatoes. My husband got the Brunch Burger which had a beef patty, bacon, chipotle aioli, lettuce, tomato, cheese, & a sunny up egg on a burger bun, also served with grilled potatoes. The Benedict was okay, I thought it was lacking a little bit of flavor, maybe just needed a sprinkle of salt & pepper, but the grilled potatoes were good. The Brunch Burger was very large & super messy, he enjoyed it!Overall, an okay choice for brunch. Not sure that I would put it on the top of the list of places to go back to. The food was good but nothing special and the service was lacking (needed to wait quite a while to order & then get the check)."}, {"review_id": "yxxqm44sSj9c7qzGxFabzg", "user_id": "u6Rb0yrjDvYpAFOgXL8WXQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/10/2018", "text": "I can't believe it took me so many years to finally try this iconic spot in LA. With over 4k reviews, I was hoping it wouldn't disappoint. Came on a weekday for brunch and I'm glad we did because there was no crowd. I can see why it can get packed on the weekends and you'd have to wait for hours because the restaurant is pretty small. There are only a handful of tables outside and inside.Even though we were starving, the portions here are big enough to share and STILL have leftovers. Steak Hash - This was just ok, wouldn't order this again. The beef was overcooked and kind of dry, but the poached egg saved it. Egg white omelette (created my own) - You can add up to 4 items. I added chicken apple sausage, mushrooms, avocado, tomatoes. There was an extra charge of $2 to have it be egg white, but no extra charge for the avocado which is nice. It came with nice diced potatoes and 2 slices of toast w/ jam. I really enjoyed this meal and finished EVERYTHING. They give you a good amount of toppings especially w/ the meats. I hate how some brunch places are skimpy w/ the amount of meats, but Blu Jam was generous. I LOVED the potatoes here and am pretty amazed how they were very uniform in shape and taste. They almost tasted like roasted garlic rosemary potatoes. Crunchy French Toast - Couldn't leave this place without trying it! It was why we came in the first place lol because almost every review was raving about it. WHO KNEW that cornflakes would be good for french toast!? I really liked the extra crunch it gives and it was the best french toast I've ever had! It's a lot more flavorful than boring regular french toast. It wasn't overly sweet either with the vanilla bean sauce. I didn't leave feeling groggy like you would after eating a heavy dessert. Would come back just to get this again!"}, {"review_id": "b1LmuEph7HZV7-Tx8CypmA", "user_id": "EIiiHZjZl9r7B5amlmyPAQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/13/2018", "text": "Yummy Brunch goodness! I've been dying to try this place out for a while now and it did not disappoint! Parking can be pretty tough on the Main Street, but I was able to find parking on a Saturday late morning in the residential streets behind the restaurant! The wait can be crazy if you come during a busy time, but we only ended up waiting 30 min which wasn't bad! We ordered:CRUNCHY FRENCH TOAST- this is probably the one thing you have to get here because it's a specialty!- it comes with a little milk/cream dipping and is topped with strawberries and blueberries!- this dish was deliciously crunchy and not too sweet which I appreciated BLU JAM BENEDICT- this is like your typical Benedict but I think it has ham AND bacon in it- the eggs were perfectly yolky - the potatoes were like crazy small cubes that were super crunchy - side note: I like drenched my potatoes in the habanero hot sauce they had on the table and it was delicious MIGOS- my friend got this so I didn't get to taste it- but it looks like a giant breakfast hash with some tortillas and potatoes! Overall, I really enjoyed my meal. The service was fast and food came out pretty fast too! I would say be prepared to wait if you come in at the wrong time, but other than that I would definitely recommend this place!"}, {"review_id": "dw7dRes1Q2b9n1tc8vg17g", "user_id": "bV_huiFDKrrwy-mSUM1SDQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/3/2018", "text": "My first time at Blu Jam! The drive down plus parking is a serious downside to this location. Street parking is pretty tight, so be prepared to walk a little. We came on a Saturday at peak lunch time and the line was pretty long - they told us around 45 minutes to wait. Luckily, we were seated in the patio area a little sooner than that. I ordered the shakshouka which came with two pieces of bread. It was delicious with just the right amount of spices. The meal was a big size and was more than enough for lunch. The tomato soup base was refreshing for a hot day! My friend ordered the steak hash which was just alright. It lacked dimension to the dish and was just a pile of steak and potatoes. I thought the food was okay considering how long the wait could get."}, {"review_id": "0tsi4DTSZuIiIdM5isRQeQ", "user_id": "xuvCrJpBHLuJfqOG0omVMA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Here's the deal, this place was really good. I may even say it was great. Unfortunately it didn't really set itself apart from many breakfast/brunch spots. We had the blu jam eggs Benedict and their signature french toast. The Benedict was really good. The french toast was just okay. I've had the same corn flake crusted french toast at many locations and it didn't really impress. It was really good, but nothing special. I dare say it was even a bit bland. The best part of the Benedict were the potatoes and ketchup. I would even say the ketchup was the best part of the entire meal. Odd to say, but their ketchup was incredible.  I would go there just for the ketchup.  If I was local would probably eat here once a month, but as a tourist I'd probably say skip it."}, {"review_id": "0gFOb7xj0HdcMUUJQneSZQ", "user_id": "cPfy1Ot91-HlFTjfuXPkvA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/24/2018", "text": "YAS. The wait takes forever. The food was good though. Everyone swears their signature dish, The Crunchy French Toast is the best around. I enjoyed it a lot and would definitely say it's a unique dish you won't find anywhere else but wouldn't go as far as to say best ever. Would definitely try it if you haven't though.Kamil's Breakfast is basically mac and cheese w eggs, bacon and other goodies mixed in. LOVED IT. Couldn't stop eating it!I think the last dish we ordered was a eggs Benedict which was also good... would just stick to Kamil's and French Toast next time."}, {"review_id": "-5opor8CQyhQ8kR-3AfDxA", "user_id": "Auph-6XZF2IBcsO0pjkBCA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "First things first: if you're going on the weekend be prepared to wait about 45 to an hour depending on how big your party is. I've gone on a Sunday and had to wait an hour and 30 minutes and I've gone on a Wednesday and only waited 5 minutes, so keep the time and day in mind. Recommended items for sharing for two: Their  Signature Dish - Crunchy French Toast and a create your own Omelette. Something Healthy and something sweet.! (: Their French Pressed Coffee is delicious.! TIP: Order just one because they give you enough to share, so ask for an extra cup. The servers could be a little more friendly, it's seems like they just wanna take your order and move on, not very nice or friendly. I live in Vegas but whenever the girls and I are in town we definitely gotta hit this spot up. (:"}, {"review_id": "BknflImZVVYbWuRQjX8qrw", "user_id": "UYU71DRx-UDAee-eFOFfWw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/7/2018", "text": "Wary of the lines we've seen during breakfast/brunch hours at restaurants in LA, we arrived at Blu Jam a few minutes before 8am on a Sunday. We were 2nd in line and there were at least 6 other parties behind us waiting to be seated when they opened. I had the Kamil's Breakfast which was a bowl of macaroni, cheese, egg, bacon, ham, garlic, and chives. It was a beautiful, colorful, tasty meal and I was so glad I ordered it. Dining Partner had the California Omelette. The omelette was large and served with grilled potatoes and toast. Our waitress was attentive and friendly and our food was incredible. Get there early!"}, {"review_id": "riZ7w8jv7UJob7R15kbNiw", "user_id": "l1JztJ-rweEqTvhcs5tRaQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/7/2018", "text": "One thing about this place you should be well aware of: it's a long wait. Seriously, they'll say 45 minutes but they'll add an additional 15 min to it. So if you're coming starving for food to start your day, keep the wait time in mind!But the wait wasn't bad, since this gem is located on the strip of WeHo. You can walk around and shop. Since it's rather residential near by, parking is pretty easy. Should be less than 5 min walk from where ever you park. The service was efficient and prompt. Layout of the restaurant is split by a wall. It's more quiet on the right hand side than the left (which is nice so you can actually hear people lol).?The brewed french press coffee was delicious and they gave the whole thing, so you can share among your group. I loved their freshly squeezed orange juice blended with carrots. My SO got the signature french toast and I got the salmon potato hash. What I loved about the toast was how they sweetened it to just the right amount, so it's not overwhelming. The vanilla icing was the perfect amount of sweetness too. I thought the dish was going to be heavy, but it wasn't. The salmon potato hash also came with their house-made ketchup.As a visitor that isn't a Cali native, I would come again depending on the wait time. Other than that, this place deserves the popular recognition it receives!"}, {"review_id": "9PXLB93w49a0WohUkYLaKw", "user_id": "FaehH4lKx2-Ql2d4q8Ssqw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "A college friend of mine was in LA over spring break, so I yelped up Blu Jam Cafe in an effort to seem like I knew the good brunch spots in the city and dragged my family over from Ventura County to grab a quick bite and say hi before hiking the Hollywood sign.We got there around 10 AM on a Friday and only had to wait around 2 minutes before being ushered in to our table. It's cozily crowded inside, and service was quick and very friendly. Between us all, we ordered the eggs benedict; mushroom soup (soup of the day); crunch french toast; and chilaquiles.I tasted some of the food and thought it was all pretty solid upscale brunch fare - perfectly poached eggs, hearty soup, etc. My notoriously picky little sister chowed down on her entire crunchy french toast order, and left nothing on her plate - a rare occurrence for her when eating out.For me, the star of the meal was my chai latte with almond milk - it was without question one of the best chai lattes I've ever had. Perfect balance of spices and just enough kick, I guzzled most of it before our food could arrive to the table (which is saying something, since they had a really quick turnaround!)It was clear that the staff was trying to move folks through the restaraunt as quickly as possible - my friend picked up her slice of toast off her plate, was still munching through it, and the waiter came and whisked her plate away. However, I can see why they're so rushed - by the time we left, the line stretched a quarter of the way down the block!Tldr; nice vibes, fairly solid eats, get the chai latte, make an effort to get there before the rush!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/blu-jam-caf%C3%A9-los-angeles-2?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]