[[{"review_id": "9pLiUWj8ANdHblVNpHp15w", "user_id": "JWBRvizb6yuh4w0emnh3xQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "It boggles the mind that such great Caribbean food and Southern bbq - made by such great people - are available under the same roof.I always order jerk chicken and oxtails, and (because a well-rounded diet includes as many animals as possible - please hope my primary care physician Dr. Nguyen isn't reading this) add a hot link in delicious bbq sauce a la carte.Tip: order extra plantains and corn festivals because you'll definitely want those"}, {"review_id": "1LADzZk6dgiLkxK_F-ACJA", "user_id": "qHtzckFmtMDxtltxjTGXrA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "you feelin for that jamaican jerk ...go here!!braised oxtail ...go here!!hungry? ...go here!!located in downtown san jose near Market St. this spot hooks up that meal fix for you. they even serve a small selection of beers and a sangria if ur thirsty also.prices are fair for what they feed you with.dont mind the fly or two buzzing around bothering you...it happens sometimes, like eating outdoors   lol"}, {"review_id": "2k52TQEUY81sxrh8bpzJCQ", "user_id": "5axLA9GqQ5I7oogL9qT94A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/27/2018", "text": "Just got the 3 meat BBQ combo and it was not only massive, but super delicious! What I didn't know was that the chicken that comes with it is actually BBQ chicken and not jerk chicken. So now I obviously have to go back. I did try the jerk sauce and it was awesome, but I definitely want to do the 3 meat combo with the jerk chicken substituted, if they let me. Cool place, cool employees, the music and the murals make you feel like you are in Jamaica. I substituted fries with extra cole slaw and it went perfectly with my food. Even though I was starving, I still couldn't finish, so I have one huge rib and some sausage left over for later. :)"}, {"review_id": "ME-nyEme2b91_2_Lz_IsyA", "user_id": "yZ-vbhFPnhInlnxxEQyVdw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "Wife was reporting for jury selection in downtown San Jose, and came across this place at lunch.  She loved the jerk chicken, and waited for another opportunity to come.We are season subscribers to Broadway San Jose, with 6 shows plus two extras each season.  Only problem is that we subscribe on Sundays, when this Back A Yard is closed!  However on the two extra shows, we came on a Friday and Saturday, with my handler, I mean my wife, pointing me in this direction.Now the food has got to be great for me to forgo going to Peggy Sue's or Scott's Seafood, both of which validate the $10 parking fee at Cityview parking lot, closest to our theater performances.  Place is has a windows all alongside the large frontside, next door to a parking lot, with 1339 parking space Market-San Pedro multi story parking structure right across the street.Once inside the restaurant, the place is full of bright yellow, green and black colors, the colors of the Jamaican flag, full of ambiance.  Adding to the ambiance is the large number of black people sitting here.  Never seen so many blacks anywhere in a restaurant around my area.Fridays at 6pm the place is about half full, with a short line at the counter.  Usual fast food place, where you stand in line, order your food at the counter, pay for your food, take a placard with a number, find an empty table, and wait for your food.  In most restaurants where there is waiter service, the cashier is next to the front door, to prevent walk outs!Back a Yard has the counter in the back of the building.  Main problem is that half of the two person tables are right next to the line of people waiting to order.  Don't like sitting next to a line of people standing up.  Someone could sneeze on your plate, or brush your elbow sticking the fork into your mouth.  Wife orders the $11 white jerk chicken, while I get the $10  dark jerk chicken.  Service is leisurely, with about a 10 minute wait.    My meal comes with two chicken drumsticks, a chicken thigh, two scoops of rice-beans, and plantains.  Plantains taste like a cross between fried bananas and sweet potatoes.  Would be helpful  if they gave an extra plate, so I don't have to leave the bones on the side of the glass covered table, which I would certainly do if there were people standing by me, in hopes that they would get their clothes greased up, brushing on the bones and skin, hanging on the side of the table.     The dark jerk chicken is out of this world, moist, extremely spicy, exceptionally delicious.  Of course I toss out the bones and the skin, but the yummy hot spice goes all the way through the super tender, fall off the bone, chicken.  I go through 3 glasses of water, with mouth so hot it like the Tolken dragon breathing flames afterwards.  The portion of rice with a bit of beans is flavored with coconut, but not enough to put out the flames.Wife has the white jerk chicken, and doesn't like it too much.  So we switch plates.  The white jerk breast chicken has less skin covering a larger piece of meat, and is definitely less spicy, and a bit on the dry side.   Got to pour on the side container of juice onto the chicken to give it kick.  Two single person bathrooms, one for men, and one for women. ADA compliant, with plenty of room for a wheelchair.  I just hate those restaurants with only unisex bathrooms, as inevitably got to wait outside for some lady to get out -women take longer and use the bathrooms more often.Next time we come on a Saturday night at 6pm, the place is almost empty.  Guess most of the traffic is from workday people, or when the Sharks have a game.This time wife orders the dark jerk chicken with extra rice.  15 minute walk to the San Jose Center of Performing Arts.We will change our show times from Sunday to another day so that we can come to Back a Yard more often.  But the wife won't serve on jury duty just to come to Back a Yard.  As my ex would say to me: \"Not in my Back Yard, jerk!\""}, {"review_id": "IUgTzvESYF6e2hdNH_O_bQ", "user_id": "qJHp_rRkQ9n6i47F1_pkTg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "I didn't know about the gem till after a couple years in the Bay Area. Now, I'm making up for lost time. I always order the curry goat because it's amazing! I don't always see it on the menu but I ask anyways. I love the plantains and the ginger drink too. All of the food is delicious and flavorful. The servers are also really quick. I enjoy the relaxed atmosphere. It's perfect to come and eat a lot of good food without trying to look cute! Lol!Anyways! I totally recommend you come eat here and bring some good flavor into your life :)"}, {"review_id": "2zVuqnVvXhsHVxnj8R2tiQ", "user_id": "GD3RR2LqKzJCuGkO4uycJA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/7/2018", "text": "Back A Yard is located on Market Street in downtown San Jose.I'm surprised I hadn't reviewed this place yet.  Taking a break from Silicon Valley Comic Con, I walked over to get lunch.The staff were attentive and ready as I ordered the Beef Oxtails Plate which comes with Rice & Beans and Fried Plantains.There was a minor wait as the food was still be prepared -- late start?  Kitchen problems?  Whatever it was, it was worth the wait.The Oxtails were delicious and tender -- I like the flavor.  The Rice & Beans and Fried Plantains were a nice balance.I'll be back for future visits."}, {"review_id": "vmrkUYAp8chNFpjNPiGFCg", "user_id": "p5_QNgZWTJUuI4loaP4Kbw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/23/2018", "text": "My friend Darrin insisted we go here. Not that he needed to insist. And it's OMG good.Just had two dishes -- the chicken and the oxtail -- but they were terrific. And so were the sides. When a place does this well with the sides, it's your signal that they really care about everything. The rice and beans were excellent but the plantains -- I would be extremely happy making these a meal. Much sweeter than any plantains I have had before. (They may actually be bananas -- they tasted that good.) Deeply caramelized to crispy/chewy edges. I know, already said OMG but ya know what? They are OMG.The chicken was good. Not as tender and juicy as I'd like but very good and spiced to perfection.By the way, if you worry about dishes being too spicy, these were not. There's plenty of hot sauce available if you want heat.The oxtail was outstanding. Deeply spiced and braised, juicy like stew. Fatty, but in a good way. Oxtail will be my go-to but Darrin also suggests the goat dishes and a salt-something, which is only available on Saturdays.Ambience is comfortable but basic and service is quick. You order at the counter and they bring it to you."}, {"review_id": "lQYK3a5md3blYjp8pooFNQ", "user_id": "LNzUe8fwKeS5HRaxtb55gw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/4/2018", "text": "Come to my Back-a-yard and gimme s'more of them succulent oxtails puh-lease! Can I have a round of applause for those oxtails? They are fingerlickin' GOOD, I tell you! There's no doubt that there's a shortage of Caribbean food restaurants in the Bay Area. They're around yes, but there aren't as many of them around as there are in comparison to other ethnic food restaurants. When I found out that I would be in the area, I just knew that I had to stop by and finally try this place out. This location is pretty close to the SAP center. I unknowingly decided to come here during a Sharks home game, and experienced the true struggle of trying to find parking here. Once I finally made it inside, the fragrant smell of Caribbean spices greeted my nose.  It was a Saturday night and the place was packed! The inside was bright and open. The color scheme is reminiscent of the Jamaican flag with all of its' bright colors. Despite how packed it was inside, I didn't have to wait in a long line. The gentleman who helped me at the register was really nice and answered some of the questions that I had about the menu. After examining the menu for a minute, I decided to get their jerk chicken and oxtail plate with red beans, rice, and plantains along with a guava pineapple juice. I was given a number to place on my table and they delivered my food to me. It didn't take long before my meal was ready. Before I knew it, this beautiful plate of Caribbean sustenance was sitting right before my eyes! You best believe that I dug right in!Their guava pineapple juice was amazing! I don't drink juices too often because of the sugar, but when I DO drink... I like to go all out! This drink was sweet and delightful and satisfied my sugar cravings. The plantains tasted wonderful! Not too sweet with just the right amount of bake on them. I enjoyed the red beans and rice... only, they weren't actually red beans and rice. It was more of like a bean and rice blend that contained waaay more rice than beans. I could live with that. But, what I couldn't get with was the lack of flavor in their jerk chicken. I wasn't expecting my mouth to be on fire, but damn... a LITTLE bit of a kick would have helped. Maybe it was just and off day for them?! But, if given the chance to have their jerk chicken again, I would pass on it given this experience. What really saved them for me were there delicious oxtails! BOOOOM! Just an explosive burst of Caribbean spices and flavors hit my mouth when I took my first bite! They were tender. They were flavorful. They were SO good! And, they are what pushed my initial 3 star rating to 4 stars. I WOULD come back here JUST for those oxtails because I love oxtails. GOOD oxtails at that! Overall, it was a solid experience. I would come back for those oxtails the next time that I was in the area for sure."}, {"review_id": "9ULg6OAZIWjtZnEeOT1Q6g", "user_id": "r801ueHQdKA1Ie4YIRQuWg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/27/2018", "text": "The food here is just an absolute explosion of dynamic flavors, and always seasoned and cooked to perfection!First timer? Definitely try out the jerk chicken platter. Yes, the presentation of the platter isn't the most appealing in terms of portion size or visual appearance, but trust me, it's insanely filling and delicious!Although I don't usually handle spicy foods too well, I found the tingly spice of the jerk chicken to be very tolerable and complements the smokiness perfectly. I could finish the entire plate without taking a single sip of water, so it really shouldn't be too spicy for anyone.The coconut bean rice provides an amazing contrast in flavor and is super unique and yummy! Slightly sweet with a nice texture.The fried plantains are syrupy sweet and to die for! Seriously, they're mind blowing and are, alone, worth getting the jerk chicken plate for.My alternative go-to is the jerk pork plate. Usually I'll get this if I'm feeling some veg (because the jerk pork platter actually comes with jerk pork, salad, and one scoop of coconut bean rice).The jerk pork is super succulent and juicy. The spice is relatively more mild compared to the jerk chicken, but extremely flavorful still.As for location, the restaurant is a little bit small and can get really crowded during peak times. Tables and other furniture are kind of old and sticky, but it's honestly not that big of a deal.Parking here is super convenient since there's a parking garage right across the street, and Back A Yard provides validation."}, {"review_id": "xgID6hu6ucMSd1FmW6pIbQ", "user_id": "KFFg3owYflKqEGOUz81FoQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/8/2018", "text": "Back A Yard is SO GOOD, it should be illegal.I go there sometimes for lunch and it's always packed. If you go with someone, have someone take the orders and another person stake out tables because of how busy it is. Also make sure to check for utensils. They've run out of forks every time I've gone (both at the tables and at the station), so you might have to use the to-go plastic utensils. The people who take the orders are super sweet. They try to get to everyone as quickly as possible and try to help with any of your requests, so that's nice!Let's talk FOOD. They have all kinds of Caribbean food and tasty things! Jerk chicken, jerk salmon, bbq chicken, hot links, bbq ribs, oxtails! I personally absolutely LOVE the jerk chicken/oxtails combo. It's a lot of food for lunch, and it comes with red rice and plantains! The rice is so good and so flavorful! The kidney beans are cooked perfectly and compliments the rice so well. And the plantains are so sweet and tasty too! The oxtails are so tender, they just come off the bone with the least resistance. The jerk chicken is spicy and salty and so flavorful. You can get a little extra sauce if you want more kick. The ribs are also pretty tender and tasty and the bbq chicken is equally flavorful as its jerk counterpart, but sweeter and tangier.I really want to come back and try their desserts! They have a couple options every day, like pecan pie, key lime pie, pineapple upside down cake, etc. I also want to try their homemade drinks, like the ginger beer.I'll definitely be back here and I can't recommend this enough!"}, {"review_id": "8ay2PJ2huFdl6ofOOpMLfQ", "user_id": "GALdlBthuNygyM689El7IA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/7/2018", "text": "Food: 5 starsLunch service: 5 starsDinner service: 1 starI have to preface this and say that I've loved Back A Yard since I first discovered it in EPA. The food is SO good, it almost trumps anything else that's weird with the place. Almost. I've been to this specific location a few times for lunch and never had a problem. The one time I went for dinner however, left a bitter taste in my mouth. Here's why.- We came on a Monday night at 8pm. The line went unbearably slow with the one cashier. We were in line for at least 20 mins. - At one point, an employee burst out of kitchen, yelled some stuff, and started cursing his job and his coworkers (\"eff this place, eff him, etc.\"). I expected him to leave, but instead he went back to work. Ok great, a disgruntled employee is handling food. Sounds just great. - 40 minutes later, we still have not received our food. We noticed people after us were halfway done with their meal. When we finally flagged someone down, we found out our order didn't go through, even though we have a receipt and a number. The waitress took our order again. - The manager walked by to tell us they're closing soon. He asked why we didn't get our food yet, we explained, and he said \"wow\". And walked away to tell the next table they're closing. Nothing else. No apologies. It almost pains me to give this place just 3 stars but seeing how the management handled our order and the employee outburst (did nothing), I wonder how they deal with any other issues that come up.Next time, skip the dinner shift."}, {"review_id": "A2AoGMDldZ28x_66JyFrCg", "user_id": "CdUth1fTZGJUCFpdKihcIQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "First time finding a decent Caribbean restaurant in the Bay Area, because the east bay suffers badly. The guava pineapple juice is bomb.com, I wasn't crazy about the salmon but the jerk chicken was delicious and a HUGE portion for $10."}, {"review_id": "fBke7L2rw9NSUo5w2FE_OA", "user_id": "Nfp5VrZwnms_whEFBpX9VQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/7/2017", "text": "This little joint in down town San Jose was something I had to check out. I could never find a good Jamaican restaurant back in my area so I was very please to find this little gem.I had spoken to the cashier regarding what to order and she had mentioned to me about their daily special which was curry chicken. As much as I love a good curry, I wanted to get the chance to try some authentic jerk style cuisine so instead I went for their jerk chicken and beef oxtail. It came with a side rice and sweet plantains.Although it wasn't a bright and colorful dish to look at, it was good dish to indulge in. If you're looking for something sweet, smokey, and with a spicy kick, then this is your go to meal! The chicken was a bit dry but the jerk sauce played it's part in the dish and the oxtail meat fell off the bone, which tasted really scrumptious!I would recommend to get passion fruit mango beverage with the dish because it complemented the heat of spicy jerk sauce!Would I order this dish again? The chicken no, but yes to the oxtail and to the PASSION FRUIT MANGO juice!"}, {"review_id": "55A-gJ5pjb9vfgP95oGfAg", "user_id": "lQttOvOc30AV5r2QyNRvKw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/29/2017", "text": "Their jerk chicken and corn festivals are AMAZING. I'm not the biggest fan of oxtail, but my family love the oxtail here. They love it so much that they'd order it for family parties! The jerk chicken is good and juicy with lots of flavor. This definitely has a kick to it. The plates usually come with some mixed greens and a side of their rice mixed with beans. Note: the beans are already mixed with the rice, so don't try to ask for just rice and no beans.The corn festival is soooo good. Not sure how I can explain it. They kinda remind me of the Chinese donuts that I would eat as a kid. Just get it, you won't regret it!There's street parking outside and also a parking lot (for a fee). You go in and order at the register and then you find a table to sit at. They'll deliver the food to your table. This place gets busy during lunch, so try to beat the lunch crowd!"}, {"review_id": "AW0KA9oj7drc3BbjjRqyoA", "user_id": "Ay1lS7X47zlDekJyO22B_w", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "We have gone here before for dinner was great. But Saturday May 5, 2018 my daughter, granddaughter and I went for dinner, we arrived at 4:00 ordered our food.  We waited and waited finally had to go ask as we were seeing others after us being served.  Food finally came had to ask about our 2 sides and drink.  The service was terrible food was okay but a let down. When we arrived there it wasn't even crowded. Sure wish we were treated like valued customers."}, {"review_id": "bpkffIu13W1s5owMHRh_rA", "user_id": "_oicwXdBKEE7vSfU5YV52A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/14/2018", "text": "This place is absolutely DELICIOUS, but The jerk chicken was too spicy for me (but I loved it anyways). The Plantains are great, the rice is great...honestly it is all delicious and so so flavorful."}, {"review_id": "JDDtGALy1CkbNxMBwEb0eQ", "user_id": "6xJRtHuvYncyE985eWEu5A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/20/2018", "text": "I heardI came...and wiped my plate clean.There's not enough superlatives to describe how i loved my jerk pork and oxtails. I loved the well-rounded earthy spice of the jerk marinade, and how they meticulously they cooked their proteins-- my pork was tender and well-seared from the grill, and my oxtails were tender. I will definitely come back!"}, {"review_id": "92IO7_0npZ-OAQqDtUT2PA", "user_id": "anQlEvNADUhW_T26p5IEVg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/1/2018", "text": "The food was pretty good. I enjoy their jerk sauce. It has just enough heat without being over whelming. The fried plantains were great and it's a ton of food for the price. The reason I'm giving them 3 stars is because the rice was just okay it was a bit on the dry side and the pork was over cooked it was dry and very charred in some areas. But overall I would say it's pretty good Jamaican food."}, {"review_id": "2xhgvsStqTNzT-Z8lNnZIQ", "user_id": "1_6QSQYnDBsnqAl9hUaBwQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "Back A Yard is VERY popular! It often has a line but it goes fast and is always worth waiting for!The BBQ sauce is excellent and the meats are very tender and juicy. The cornbread is delicious. And the pineapple upside down cake is so good!I'm going back real soon!"}, {"review_id": "SJFkBoBXol7aq6dipvFeeA", "user_id": "Ey2J2J3liHtF1o9ItvzG9w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Great Jamaica food ! A little Americanized but that's fine for the locals. I say this but I got a vegan dish that had tofu! Lol,  anyways the plantain ( known by most people as fried banana ) was great, jerk flavoring is great ! This place gets pretty crowded and loud but that's a taste-a-ment to how good the food is. Definitely a must try for San Jake"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/back-a-yard-san-jose?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]