[[{"review_id": "wSy0vfCgZyPLR_vTo0l4NQ", "user_id": "JYYYKt6TdVA4ng9lLcXt_g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "In town for a weekend of spring skiing, we decided for a nice night out in Denver before heading into the mountains, and we've heard so much about Guard and Grace in the past, we made sure to get a reservation this time around. The place is set up like most of your nice steakhouses - a dark, intimate setting. They do have a large bar area with plenty of patrons eating there, so that is an option if you cannot get a reservation. We arrived a bit early which gave us an opportunity to experiment with their drink menu. I will say this - they make some great cocktails here and if you are looking for a place just for happy hour, these drinks are worth the visit. While bourbon and gin are staples of any place that offers cocktails, they have a few that feature scotch, and are quite good. Our favorites were the Up in Smoke, Barrel Aged Old Fashioned, and the Smashed (yes we like our whisk(e)y).Once we polished off a few drinks and some Oak Fired Carrots for a starter, we were off to our table. I opted for the Oak Fired Prime Rib and simply put, it was one of the best pieces of meat I've paid for at a steakhouse. I think Guard and Grace really distinguishes themselves by oak-charring their meat - so you don't just have a nice, cooked-to-perfection cut of meat that you expect from any quality steakhouse, but some great smoky flavor as well. Due to this attribute, I think Guard and Grace is our favorite steakhouse, anywhere, going forward. If you're in Denver and looking for a nice night on the town, stop by Guard and Grace for one of the best steaks you'll ever have."}, {"review_id": "aepe_H5sQMYrcMlW6zQUYQ", "user_id": "rYH17FN_7hwLDVR2ERRLlA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "I had two appetizers for my meal--the carrot appetizer and the octopus appetizer. Both were great!  The carrots were served with a yogurt and pistachio dressing, and the carrots were different colors, from purple to orange, so good!  The octopus was wonderful as well--perfectly cooked and served with a bean dish.  I also ordered the toffee cake because of the glowing Yelp reviews, but I wasn't a huge fan--while good, I didn't think it was over-the-top special.I sat at the chef's counter, which made it really fun to watch the chefs at work.  And service was great as well."}, {"review_id": "52eBVdJ0i9jT_h9POY54VQ", "user_id": "nr35WjC-YI0dFcsnW33Szw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "I love this place, for your steak and service. It's dark, intimate, with a lively happy hour. Things to Note:1) Reservations are a must at prime time.2) Cocktails over Wine. Smoked Whiskey!3) Surprisingly the hamachi is excellent and a great starter!4) Truffled gnocci, enough said5) I wouldn't come if you are vegetarian, while the sides are good - it's heavy and not really meant as a main.6) Perfectly cooked strip. You know it's awful when someone doesn't understand what a medium rare is suppose to be. The prime though is Meh. 7) Private room available.8) Free valet.9) Not overly inventive or modern, but it's a steakhouseThis is clearly a place where a lot of people celebrate some occasion, but honestly - come for a whatever happy hour b/c you will never have a bad meal."}, {"review_id": "y-_Mp9bBw2PKgq57TgC2-w", "user_id": "pQguja22i5-KgPMVpBkK-Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/15/2018", "text": "This place is always amazing!!Started with the wedge salad, filet, \"mashed\" potatoes finished with chocolate mousse! We came right before a show at the Buell and had plenty of time without being rushed to eat or order or to leave. I was wondering why it's so hard to get a reservation here though, we sat and half the place was empty. All in all wonderful dinner, never disappointed here!!"}, {"review_id": "obfy2oNn6KkAeIhcGD1bzw", "user_id": "Z5j9Xw_G0c7M2b1-iS67wg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/15/2018", "text": "One of the best dining experiences I've had. This place is worth every single penny - and it will cost a lot of them, but again, totally worth it. I had the bone in ribeye and it is one of the best steaks I've had in all of my travels. It was cooked perfectly and deboned before it was served. Absolutely amazing. We shared salad, whipped potatoes, and Brussels sprouts which were also delicious. The service is impeccable, the restaurant is trendy and fancy and clean. Of all the places we visited in Denver, this was the absolute best of them and will leave the longest lasting impression."}, {"review_id": "qvz9NI1KY8-G0iZV6ynddg", "user_id": "ueXeWSU-ks5N6f7UcF85VQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "One of the best steakhouses in Denver. Try the filet mignon, truffle mac n cheese and Brussel sprouts. Ambiance is nice, wine selection was good as well. Nice private room also available for large groups."}, {"review_id": "udHnqVI9tI54E_FbMPJf_Q", "user_id": "hqqqAYlqqTiIlX5MkpM7-w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/10/2018", "text": "The place ain't cheap, but it will wow you.Starting right from the top: the staff at G&G is impeccable. Every waiter (not just yours) is tasked with ensuring you have everything you need. I've experienced waiters just simply walking through to notice something on my table and ask if I would like anything - that kind of service is exactly what makes restaurants famous.The food is outstanding. It's gourmet, varied, and will please any palate. Their steaks, drinks, and especially their seafood ice bar really stands out in a city that doesn't often get fresh food that needs to be shipped. I've never had a bad meal.Now, if you read some of my other reviews, you'll find that I am one to emphasize the \"utility\" of an establishment. Guard and Grace is expensive, however the added benefits of the experience (G&G has a classy, upscale vibe, but doesn't make you feel hoyty-toyty) and a phenomenal staff. So if you're looking to celebrate something (or you have a corporate expense account), G&G is a good place to go. I'll definitely be back."}, {"review_id": "G_I6Uk-rl_FwYmaR4x_8wA", "user_id": "jTdCaEpAv2a_HKIZYLX67Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "Like butter! I had the lamb medium rare plus and it was like butter, sos moth and tasted oh so good. My boyfriend had the ribeye medium rare and it was also amazing. We shared a Caesar salad, which was light and fresh. There was a bit of a wait for a table, so we just ate on the couches. The couches were low so you had to slouch to eat, but the food was great and so was the service. It's a bit pricey, rack of lamb, ribeye, shared caesar was about $150 including tip, but the food is worth it."}, {"review_id": "aRdZCWOH3_ByzQVCortfoA", "user_id": "j3XwzFVZF8p54XUWRExhFg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "1/22/2018", "text": "I just don't understand all of the hype.We came here upon recommendation of a local Uber driver here in Denver.  We were simply underwhelmed.Steaks seemed to be high quality but PLEASE PLEASE realize that a good steak DOES NOT NEED TO BE SMOTHERED WITH SEASONING!!!! Let that thing stand on its own!  Salt is all you need for a steak that is high quality.Best thing about the dinner was the awesome truffle macaroni and cheese.  The truffle flavor was present but not overwhelming as it often can be.  Service was meh."}, {"review_id": "tefzSaC7KNM-fr-FkomJog", "user_id": "E_IB8kIBUzdgNF8H6Nii8A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/4/2018", "text": "Highly recommend making a reservation, as our group of 2 arrived on a Thursday night around 7pm and was told that the main dining are was fully booked until 9:30pm. There was a waitlist for the high top table in the bar area, which would run about 1 hour 30 min. The bar stools were also on a first come, first serve basis and all occupied. The front desk host was extremely kind and even walked throughout the bar with us to see if anyone was close to leaving. She was very cheery and helpful and her level of service made us want to dine at the restaurant even more. We put our name on the high top table waitlist, and decided to browse around the neighborhood. There aren't many other food choices, but we stumbled across a few healthy fast food joints and got a quick bite. We had totally forgot about our name on the list until we got a text, saying our table was ready. Although full, we decided to give Guard and Grace a try still, given it's popularity. Our waiter convinced us to order the 21 day dry-aged bone-in by telling us that the chef found it to be the best steak he's ever tried. We figured it would compliment the bottle of pinot noir well. The steak did not disappoint and was on par with other dry aged bone-in steaks we've previously had at other establishments. Although we opted not to order any additional sides, the baked carrot on top was the perfect compliment. Our overall experience at Guard and Grace was delightful and I would highly recommend it to anyone! We were told the lunch hour gets busy as well, so don't forget to make reservations!"}, {"review_id": "Ac77GRskjGEOKKUdsbW2Wg", "user_id": "Wf8s8Li2QaUOQffMMviWhA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/10/2017", "text": "Wow, amazing, unbelievable.. these are just some of the words I could use to describe my dinner last night with my fiancé.  It was his birthday and they made it perfect. First off,  complimentary free valet after 5 pm- this is great because downtown parking can be tricky. From the moment we walked in the door it was amazing. We felt so comfortable. We had reservations at the chefs table.  When we arrived the hostess created us and also recognized that it was his birthday. From that point on I knew it would be a special evening.  The manager seated us and also said birthday wishes. It was like the whole place knew.  Our seats were so cool! We sat in the end and over looked the kitchen. There was a station right in front of us. We could watch them cook, prepare and serve. Right away we were offered drinks and even the people in the kitchen said happy birthday.  Our waiter was Luke and he was wonderful. He explained things on the menu and made suggestions since we had never been before. We ordered a meat and cheese plate to start.  We loved it, there was goat cheese, sheep's cheese, Vietnam sausage, spicy mustard, candies walnuts and picked veggies.  We then split a wedge salad and it was beautiful. The bacon, tomatoes and blue cheese dressing compliment the perfect crisp lettuce. On to the main course, he had the aged Ribeye and I had the small filet (both med rare). The stakes were outstanding, juicy and perfectly seasoned. His came with an onion sauce that tasted like heaven. Our sides were mushrooms, fries and Brussels. Each were better then perfect. As we ate they prepared food in front of us. \"D\" was the chef working that area. As she made others food, she also prepared samples for us. We got to try the tuna sashimi,- let me say we will be back for this. It is fantastic.  We also tasted some salmon with lemon and caviar. Again nothing but heaven. Thanks \"D\" your great! Since it was a special occasion we had desert. The sticky toffee cake was orgasmic. The cake was moist, the sauce was not to sweet but just enough to compliment the cake with a little ice cream on top! I have been to a lot of steak places and this is now top of the list. They think of everything, the bathroom is perfect too. I can see why they have won so many awards!  My fiancé received a card from them at the start of dinner and it was signed personally from the staff. They go above and beyond! Amazing work."}, {"review_id": "mp1J2pxlng2Pjwa7uTVW0g", "user_id": "mAfDgCP58JsAL3Fmj4gfwg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/27/2018", "text": "Love! Love! Love! Everything from start to finish was amazing. Valet was quick, your ticket is sent to your phone and you have the option to add you tip for valet on your credit card or pay cash. I'm one to not carry cash much so I loved the convenience! Servers, bussers, and chefs were all wonderful. We went to celebrate a birthday and they left a card on table for an extra touch. Now to talk about the food experience... the best way I can explain it, is my palate did not want me to stop eating. Everything was delicious and the best meal I've ever had! Started with the octopus app, ordered a wedge salad, had the prime fillet mignon with crab oscar and split blackened macaroni & cheese! I can't wait to go back!"}, {"review_id": "8ZfCv8qBWm6I9Cen0ChrkQ", "user_id": "F_0D4JKZ7BKyQ2ADmreAFg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/10/2018", "text": "Such a great atmosphere! The mushrooms are so yummy along with their steaks!!! Our server was great as well very knowledgeable and great service! Highly recommend"}, {"review_id": "S37iTqgwtTwblyFtoKqLpw", "user_id": "HSGAhudkNn94fIBltsDk9A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/23/2018", "text": "Great 35th anniversary meal. Staff was great and was very generous to make us feel special on this day. Food was amazing. I had the 10 oz bison. Cooked perfectly. Server did not charge for dessert as he felt it took a little long. Nice jester but we didn't think it took to long. Wine by the glass was reasonable on price. Would return again and again.Atmosphere is noisy but didn't take away from our enjoyment."}, {"review_id": "6tj9wjIGNKDdslnpV7lP6A", "user_id": "3BR8K4mJz8aB3Wdl6TFagQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/21/2018", "text": "I went with my partner for our 3rd year anniversary. When booking on-line I informed the restaurant about our celebration. Restaurant staff gave us a special card with their signatures and congratulations. That was a very nice, warm and thoughtful touch. Service was top notch. They made us feel special. Food was outstanding. Their special vegetarian dish for an appetizer was amazing. New York strip cooked to perfection. Will come back to this restaurant for sure. Thank you all staff for adding a special touch to our celebration. Oscar&jamie."}, {"review_id": "z-i05wTXWKi1BllIajGh1Q", "user_id": "FuBhoRNIOYBQndFImdOZUQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "In town for the weekend and local buddy suggested it.  All around great place.  Wait staff was well informed on their menu.  I ordered the filet trio which was 4oz filets of Prime, Angus and grass feed steak.  All pieces spiced the same, it was nice to see how different each one was in taste and texture. A"}, {"review_id": "NuslHpVR4lV9ECeWOTsARg", "user_id": "JKXdGq2xb0hrOU5xgdLTrg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/30/2018", "text": "Wow. Just wow. Phenomenal, expensive, busy, loud, so worth it. Generally sit at the bar - fantastic bartenders; same food, amazing. Have sat in the restaurant - also amazing. The 21 day dry aged bone in ribeye will melt you. Oh my goodness. With the truffle gnocchi & crispy brussel sprouts - wow. To start we usually do the crab cake or the octopus or the meat and cheese (add oven roasted tomatoes - trust me). Dessert is always sticky toffee cake with burnt sugar ice cream. Have had pretty much everything on the menu, the above us just my go to. Can't recommend this place enough. Just try it. Again it is expensive (for us usually around $400 for two of us inc. tip) but it's worth it - reservations are recommended for the restaurant, but you can eat in the cocktail area or bar if seats available."}, {"review_id": "-WjBrvILYtxF9T216xsEhw", "user_id": "bED9sKMAbNwCNEz-sVIiIQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/23/2018", "text": "My favorite steak house in Denver. Attentive and knowledgeable staff. Good bartenders who make special ordered drinks upon request. The best thing steak I have ever had. I've tasted multiple fillets and cuts and I can say I have never reproduced the flavor I have enjoyed here.. I recently enjoyed the grass fed fillet mignon with amazing sides like the mushrooms, Brussel sprouts and  lobster tail. If you want an exceptional experience this is the place to enjoy."}, {"review_id": "6C4Cv3l3fPhtTwk4I4UX3w", "user_id": "JN86ioxv1txn11-q3AmriQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/16/2018", "text": "This review is overdue but needed to be added! I spent my birthday here a month ago and was simply blown away. It is not a cheap place, so be prepared to spend some money but boy is it worth it!First off the service was incredible! Everyone greeted me with a \"Happy Birthday\" and at my table was a hand written birthday card from the entire staff. A really sweet gesture! There were so many hands that touched out table throughout the night. Our server was excellent, and we  always had a clean table and full glasses of wine and water. The food is absolutely divine. We shared a hamachi appetizer which was delicious. This was the one thing that I felt was pretty overpriced for the portion size but it was delicious. For our entrees I had the filet mignon flight which was so much fun! I could definitely taste the difference between the prime, angus and grass-fed cuts. My boyfriend had the aged New York strip which had so much flavor. For sides we had the brussel sprouts which were nice and the truffled gnocci which was heavenly. I know it's not your typical side dish but if you go you MUST order the gnocci because it is incredible.We finished the night with some after dinner drinks and the sticky toffee pudding which was perfect and actually a rather large portion. If you are celebrating a big event or just celebrating life Guard and Grace is a great place to do so!"}, {"review_id": "4voAOi0DNxKm8wn5ErqGzw", "user_id": "4R0VR2obUUbieOf19apCxA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/13/2017", "text": "This steakhouse is as good as it gets. Me and my husband celebrated 6 years of marriage by dining here and woah-- I DID NOT WANT THE MEAL TO END!!The service is 5 stars, the dining area is 5 stars, and the food deserves 129713972714 stars. haha! The wedge salad is literally one of the most tasty salads i've ever consumed. The tuna sashimi was MELT IN YOUR MOUTH AND DROP DEAD GOOD.And then there's the steak...oh dear baby Jesus the steak!! I ordered the filet medium and about licked my plate. If I was put on death row I would choose to eat the steak and loaded backed potato as my last meal.Ya'll, that POTATO THO. Stop searching for a nice steakhouse. Get off of your Yelp app now and call Guard and Grace to make a reservation. Your heart and taste buds will thank you!!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/guard-and-grace-denver?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]