[[{"review_id": "mA9FE3phZzYebdLOkJ_O4g", "user_id": "QlLjmqGSNcN8l4KMKYe1uQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "The indoor part of the restaurant is great, but the upstairs and rooftop are EPIC!  One of (if not the) best decks in Denver metro.  Nestled into the popular Highlands neighborhood, it overlooks much of the stunning skyline and plenty of good people watching.Great spot for a date night or drinks with friends!  Cannot be best in summer.Make a reservation or be ready to \"wing it\" at the outside bar and food lounge."}, {"review_id": "0LmF2hT-XLDER7jGyB9JoQ", "user_id": "P0pFmBdgsP4_ceJuRaMbBA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Great menu, and a handful of plates are enough for 2-3 people to share.  My favorites are the masala dosa and the devils on horseback, but really there's nothing here that I haven't enjoyed.  The bar area is pretty nice and is typically crowded but I don't feel comfortable going there as a single person to sit and have dinner, just a different vibe.   Upstairs roof is great to kick back but note that there really isn't wait service and it's a very limited menu.Reservations are highly recommended."}, {"review_id": "xYiDjr4eMn5RuOGpp3kyRQ", "user_id": "Suxj_V5kN6LYaaB27RpowQ", "rating": 2.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "We ended up at Lingers this past Saturday for brunch because no other place could accomodate our large group of 8. The host informed us that the bar area was first come first serve, and luckily there were two booths next to eachother right away. We were excited to try Lingers based on the highly rated reviews. While we enjoyed the trendy interior and the view, we soon found out that was all it had going for it...I'm just going to say it: the food was gross. Such a disappointment. I'm not sure what the hype is all about. 4 stars for ambience, 0 stars for food = average 2 stars. The entire fusion menu sounds great, but why didn't it taste as great as it sounds? I personally ordered8i one of each of the baos to try. The duck was nothing special, the pork was way too sweet, the korean fried chicken one tasted like a chicken tender in a bao bun with some chopped up kimchi. The bao bun itself was too dough-y, and didn't taste fully cooked. The other girls in the group weren't too excited about their dish either. A couple of them ordered the Benny Chow benedicts and complained about how hard the potato bun was and how sweet and overpowering the hollandaise sauce that they couldn't even taste the curry lamb. I tried it and agreed. Two others ordered the Adobo pork benedicts and neither of them enjoyed it either because of the sweet hollandaise (no savory factor at all). The worse though was the Hangover Ramen - the broth lacked so much flavor, and honestly, worse than packaged ramen! Imagine water with lots of soy sauce and a dash of sesame oil and seaweed. Then imagine paying $20 for that. Bottom line: don't bother...unless you've got money to waste, no appetite, and/or really into trying to be cool/trendy/hip no matter what the cost"}, {"review_id": "8ZKo5hWZcaR8vCVxAtqHYQ", "user_id": "QwYUgv2fSLbtelKZd4MdAg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "We had a really fun time a Linger with great service, hip vibe, and surprisingly accommodating for our infant and car seat/stroller considering some of the reviews out there that marked it as rude. Atmosphere: We had a nice long booth for a late lunch on a Saturday. The windows were open and the place was fairly full and hopping. Everyone was putting off a relaxed and hip vibe. The dress code is Denver casual shiek (not officially. heh.). Service: The hostesses were very nice and accommodating. There's free valet parking so don't miss out! They left a few people look at the roof bar though it wasn't open yet/taking new people/customers. Our friends were on the way and we were able to sit early with our baby before they got there which was really nice.Food: We loved the small bao, sandwiches, and beet salad. The impossible burger was set up without mistakes, too. I particularly enjoyed the fried chicken and pork belly bao. No one left hungry, the ingredients were fresh, and reasonable portions. Drinks: The beer list is enviable. I was able to try a few selections and decide which to order with generous sample pours. Price: Fairly good for the up and coming area. We could have been charged 20% more and not blinked an eye. We left with a couple of drinks and food for two people and long lunch only paying around $60.I'll be back and recommend to all!"}, {"review_id": "zu_Mj1rFDkTMBjUwdJjFgw", "user_id": "pR2dvcLbo6HIYNNYtMWZLg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "Linger served up my favorite meal while in Denver.  I came here with a large group and we bought a bunch of food to share.  The menu is a bit all over the place and I wasn't sure what to expect but I think sharing was definitely the way to go.  We started out with fried chicken and pork belly baos. Yum. This may have been one of the best parts of the meal and I'm not really a bao person.  They are served a la carte and a tad expensive but so, so delicious.  We also shared the pad thai, crispy cheese curds and shishito peppers, and the chicken and chinese sausage lettuce cups.  Lastly, we had the masala dosa, which was the most delicious thing we ate.  I love that they have dishes inspired by different parts of the world.  There are also several options for vegetarians.  I would definitely recommend this place and would go back next time I visit Denver.  After finishing our meal, we went up to their lovely rooftop to see views of the city.  I was freezing my butt off, but on a nice day, I'm sure I could spend a few hours up there."}, {"review_id": "YZPjnO-dp_ibQzc_2KXYBQ", "user_id": "MLHJ247B3_GyX6ZMeyqWwg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/6/2018", "text": "I've been here twice with a group of friends, and it never fails to impress. Even though it's still cold in Denver, they let us take the elevator to the rooftop area just to take in the view. I recommend checking it out especially when it gets warmer!Try to get a reservation, though! The place gets filled up pretty quickly, even on a Tuesday at 5pm. The ambience is fancy enough for a classy date, but it's also just fine to dress casually.Service is top-notch every time. Servers know their drinks and give great recommendations. Food is so uniquely presented - all my friends were wowing at each other's dishes. We were all satisfied with taste as well.Pro tip: Ask for the complimentary popcorn because it is absolutely delicious. It is both sweet and peppery, a must-try combination."}, {"review_id": "RT6n-dhUNbUBaNX8vjRqAA", "user_id": "t88BYa7mKFiQuu4pFzDV_g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "Linger never disappoints, it's that simple. What's not simple however, is the food that they serve here. So many different option from around the world with their own twist. Today I had the pad Thai with tofu. It was really great. I have had Asian dishes at restaurants that did not primarily serve Asian food and it has been a total let down. Linger does not fall into that category. They take the traditional dish and elevate it without taking away from the dishes roots. Love that. The atmosphere is always fun. However can be very loud at peak dining hours. All in all another amazing meal!"}, {"review_id": "jqtVcrPGoXcKYFfrV3Iirg", "user_id": "0BqQspZ-PLAdiMcLlxCFDg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "The food here is so delicious. We ordered an array of food and all of it was delicious. The sliders were cooked perfectly and had a great flavor. We were seated immediately and our waitress was very personable and attentive. I deducted one star because  the price was a bit high for what you get. Also we waited an unusual amount of time for our food but our waitress let the manager know and he came to our table right away. We did not even have to say anything to our waitress for this to happen. We were given a complimentary dessert for the inconvenience."}, {"review_id": "HOzmTApA_tQEIg-749VZVQ", "user_id": "1jLThvvGOqxZGGqmadXAPg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/23/2018", "text": "Definitely a must when visiting Denver or if you live here, go! Just make sure to plan ahead. My wife and I debated on what day or time to go (passed on making reservations), but lucked out and were able to be seated right away for dinner. As long as we finished before the upcoming scheduled reservation. This is a tapas-style restaurant with a variety of items on the menu, which is perfect when wanting to try a variety of food. Plus, the ambiance is rad. So we started with the \"Devils on Horseback\", which was dates done right. The herbed goat cheese was an excellent touch while it melted in your mouth. Next, was the \"Mongolian BBQ Duck.\" Hands down, could have ate a bunch of those as my meal. Amazing. We then decided with the \"Pad Thai\" and \"Beef Bistro Tender Fajitas.\" The Pad Thai was very good, even we forgot to add a protein. Definitely would get that again. For the Fajitas, for the price, I would try something else. The meat was good and tender, but overall, nothing special. It is also cool knowing 75% of their menu is locally and organically sourced."}, {"review_id": "_kyFIopaDb96Fmk9eJ2Hag", "user_id": "j2p-W_bsYBT4i08_A4LnWw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/15/2018", "text": "Man, this place is absolutely fantastic! I went for dinner in early February 2018 during an extended weekend in Denver. I truly enjoyed all aspects of the dining experience, from the ambiance to the amazing food, to the creative cocktails. The menu features small plates that are good for sharing. A general observation is that each person can handle about two plates. So expect to order 4 plates (or more if you're hungry) for a table for two.The food was exceptionally good. Seriously. I was thinking about some of my dishes days later, wishing I could go back and have more.I am so glad we decided to try this spot. It is my favorite in Denver so far and I will definitely return whenever we're in town. Thanks Linger!"}, {"review_id": "VOEvBq5ibrzkoQrtd9zYuw", "user_id": "M6YYqVPEp-M8ZzhExW-EmA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/16/2018", "text": "We stopped by for a quick Saturday brunch before heading to Breck and we all really enjoyed their food! I was quite intrigued by their Asian-inspired menu and unique cocktails.Some of our favorites were the curry benedict, adobo benedict, and the baos. I was skeptical of the buns of the baos because they looked very thick but they were actually very soft and fluffy. The benedicts also both had a lot of flavor and the curry wasn't overpowering. Portions aren't the largest (but keep in mind I'm from Texas) but they were enough to keep us satisfied.I definitely recommend trying this place out for the food and drinks! (And little man creamery is also conveniently right outside)"}, {"review_id": "9WhD93Z1_RX27sLMSDsHIQ", "user_id": "AM8T22vnwxrDqeGmWMRLdg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/14/2018", "text": "I have been to Linger several times and always forget to write a review. My first recommendation is make a reservation, this place is always a zoo. The nice thing about the place is it's huge so there is space for large parties or lots of parties. I have been for bachelorette parties, birthdays, and just for a meal! Brunch seems to be a pretty happening day. Their bottomless mimosa deal is great. The best part about Linger is the rooftop. They still let you up there in the winter (even tho it's cold) if you want to take a look. Linger rooftop in the summer + Moscow Mules literally cannot get better. The food is great and I recommend splitting everything. They are small plates intended to share but sometimes I think I could eat a whole plate. Brunch has an entree option however. The sweet potato fries are a must. But everything is unique and delicious on the menu. They are bringing food from all over the world so expect unique items. I will say it surprised me that they stay so consistently busy. It's always a great option when in Denver. The food isn't to die for but I think the atmosphere makes up for it. Skip dessert and grab from little man ice cream next door."}, {"review_id": "dD_vpAs0u9xVm5G4-0gTIg", "user_id": "SqT_4haKHFIIEF00-iImdg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/28/2018", "text": "The rumors are true! Linger is actually the old funeral home company Olinger, which you can see their graveyards across the greater Denver area. That little fact lends an air of mystery to this establishment. It is kind of antiquated and it's ambience, it's dark inside, and very spacious like a warehouse. I went here with my friend from out of town and we had a very delightful dinner experience. The price point is a little more than a casual dinner would be, but the amuse Bouche and meals available, although small, are worth it. Me and my friend got a few tiny plates to share, and from what I recall the flavor palette was phenomenal. There are some interesting pics from that menu that are influenced by different countries around the world, which ends up making for a great variance of dish choices. I also don't believe that the restaurant itself shies away from the history of the building they are housed in, which comes into play with how the servers are dressed and how the interior appears.  I don't want to give too much away, so I would recommend this place for date nights, for fun group outings, or if you are any variant of a foodie!"}, {"review_id": "HjMHXj_tSK3cmbyArjxuJw", "user_id": "lgPCm2v8ZGOQpLKlTTQKOw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/13/2018", "text": "You know I'm such a fool for youYou've got me wrapped around your fingerDo have to let it linger?Do you have to?Do you have to?Do have to let it linger?Now that we've gotten that out of the way, we can talk about the restaurant! It's a good one; very trendy, unthinkably large, and it used to be a mortuary. To eat where people were once dead makes you feel quite powerful, given you're alive and enjoying food, something dead people simply can't do (that I know of). The menu, crafted by prolific restauranteur Justin Cucci, is a true trip around the globe. In learning about Cucci, I discovered he's not only also a music composer, but is \"obsessed with holocaust books.\" Kind of fun, right?! Cucci's menu consists of anything from wagyu beef to sweet & sour crickets. Despite our waitress' best efforts, I could not bring myself to eat crickets. I don't even eat shrimp, who are truly the crickets of the sea. Instead, I went with the pad thai, while my beautiful tablemates enjoyed bao buns and sliders made with \"IMPOSSIBLE BURGER.\" Contrary to the name, we found the burgers to be quite possible.The vibes here are tremendous and tables are lined with large windows which can be opened or closed at your behest. It's easy to meld into your chair, sink into the extravagant meal, and lose hours of time discussing current or past events. With its history as a mortuary, I'm pleased to report we had no visits from ghosts, and if we did they didn't bother us.I have to let it Linger, and you should too: a five star corker of Denver culinary prowess!"}, {"review_id": "3aaeK04uNnOKxQyk-rrCqQ", "user_id": "p7g0eJ1lrZ16TkSPhFoiMA", "rating": 2.0, "date": "4/27/2018", "text": "Looked forward visiting this establishment and was disappointed.  Moved here 3-months and it was one highly respected and suggested \"must\" visit places. Maybe I visited on a night when they were short handed but service was absolutely horrible.  Orders aDrink and appetizer, finished my drink and appetizer, ready to order dinner and another drink but it took 15-minutes to get someone's attend.  And I was sitting at the bar.  I closed out and left.  Sorry but doubt I will ever return. Too many other options and choices in the area."}, {"review_id": "7aoYkXpTWvqJpRBON2F-sw", "user_id": "BOh3_pP0Di-txZomArm4yg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/19/2018", "text": "Came here on a visit to the Denver area.  I must confess that I'm a bit leery of menus that seem to be all over the place with their food selections.  It has been my experience that most restaurants can do well when specializing in one type of cuisine but the flavor tends to diminish when they try to diversify too much.  I looked at Linger's menu and I'm so thankful that I listened to my curiosity​.  Linger shattered my doubts.  Linger's menu is ridiculous (in a good way) the way they bounce around the globe with the dishes: Africa, Asia, America.  I didn't think they could possibly nail the different cuisines from each continent but they delivered.  The head chef grabs your tastebuds and hits them with a one-two punch before delivering a haymaker.  The flavors are so distinct and vibrant.  There is an Asian influence in many of the dishes and even the most familiar dishes have a little something extra.  For example, the popcorn snack that they serve while you wait for your food isn't even your average American-style salt and butter popcorn.  We decided to dine tapas style and had a few apps since there were so many dishes that sounded interesting, and all were good, but the one that stood out the most was the IMPOSSIBLE burger! OMG! I'm a carnivore all the way, but I had no idea that this thing was a veggie burger until I was done.  It is amazingly good and has the texture of a meat slider.  You've got to try this thing if you have a taste for a burger.  Linger: Great food, great drinks, great staff, pretty unique origin.  I can't wait to get back to try some more from the menu!"}, {"review_id": "ANN_MwEZn2bMNpZNOlPI9Q", "user_id": "gec9uCNQnrgELZ6Xaz-Scg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/17/2018", "text": "Food is good, front of house and service is just ok.I ate out here for my birthday with my wife and 2 kiddos. I put in the reservation maybe 2 months ago, mentioned it was my birthday. I wasn't expecting anything amazing but at least an acknowledgement would have been great. We don't eat out much as a whole family due to my kids being 3 and 1, and going out for it is an undertaking.On the bright side, the food was good. Duck bun was good, cone salad was excellent as was the Waygu Beef Sliders and the kids meals. For a small plates restaurant, we got filled pretty quickly!For those with kids, they have high chairs and kids menus. Also we were in and out within an hour and the popcorn they give helps tie kids over until food comes out.On food alone, would eat here again. But on a birthday and you can't take an extra step to make the customer feel special?"}, {"review_id": "uMPenVMXq1wlI5CMnDGsBw", "user_id": "3YlDyqYIsu8FyrnTMNacBw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "I went for brunch with a group of friends. Bottomless mimosas, which were ok, but it's easy to overdo it. I order the challah French toast. It was ok, the bananas were over fried so they were mushy. All in all, it was an okay brunch food, but I wouldn't return."}, {"review_id": "4nlcvZGIiUTFMNnrFfRLkQ", "user_id": "C2nzoqU60AcRPHpCBsEScQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "1/9/2018", "text": "Came by on a Tuesday night.  Reservations may be hard to come by, but you may get lucky and find something if you stop by.  This place was formerly a mortuary.  The menu has a couple of different flavors ranging from all different continents (US, Asia, Africa, etc.).  On Tuesday's, they have this 3 for 33 deal.  It's an ok deal, but probably good if you really want their dessert.  I ordered three bao buns (pork belly, duck, and separately.  I only liked the duck.  The Korean fried chicken was basically a chicken tender with some kimchee, no crispy skin.  These are also super expensive.  You only get 1 per order and each is $6?? The fish tacos are more reasonable in cost.  The flavors are fine.  Yellowfin tuna with a mango sauce, cabbage, and nuts.  I probably would try something else next time.  Drinks are good here, but that's about it for this place."}, {"review_id": "9bZaR8slgc7XICznKdnb7A", "user_id": "Wx2K1_-lzCxBo2rIOUAX0g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/28/2018", "text": "Loved the variety of flavors. I love small plate restaurants because I always have such a hard time deciding on just one dish, especially when so many of them sound good like they did here. My friend and I got three things and shared. We had an Indian train cone salad, a Korean fried chicken bao bun (with tofu instead of chicken) and Persian sliders. All were very good! The only thing that was disappointing were the sweet potato fries--they weren't super crispy and were sort of flavorless."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/linger-denver-2?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]