[[{"review_id": "G6Um76phhM2rZBNeKP8Cnw", "user_id": "VmmNe5oqovR_9e0hkvILUg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "One of the best restaurants we've found in Denver.Intimate atmosphere, knowledgeable server, great food, and approachable wine list. All very good. I had the sturgeon and my husband had the bavette steak. Both of our meals were excellent. No complaints, will definitely return."}, {"review_id": "Yx7JjnaYPtgiN9cF7-2oLg", "user_id": "fVcbSlnARRO2_PyJqc6qug", "rating": 2.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "I dine at Michelin star(s) restaurants and other refined dining establishments throughout the U.S. and abroad.  So maybe my expectations were too high...  Overall, the food here was well crafted and well presented but lacked conviction and any sense of adventure or creativity.The service was kind, enthusiastic, and highly attentive but ultimately did not, and can not, compensate for a meal that was merely sufficient.  When I ordered my three courses (e.g. Beef Tartare, Carbonara, and Baramundi) in such an efficient and decisive manner the waitress was suprised and said it was like I had been there before.  And I think that represents the clientele at Fruition that typically are not used to refined/Michelin star level dining menus (e.g. a la carte, tasting, and fixe).In any case, the food was well prepared, balanced, and plated/presented.  There just was nothing overly remarkable or unique about the courses.  The pork belly and egg combination of the Carbonara was somewhat unique, but the pork belly itself could have been better prepared and more juicy; rather on the dry side.  Based on this first experience I might try another a la carte experience, but I am not fully trustworthy of the chef to try either of the tasting menus.  Ultimately I think Frution is more for those who want refined food but are uncomfortable with Michelin star level dining; whether it be the atmosphere or Michelin star level prices."}, {"review_id": "2sZV3y_CyGW0Ry__cmuZJQ", "user_id": "ih24PVcbNhypMmtcESTT1w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/10/2018", "text": "My rating is 4.7. Unlike Florida where I currently live, Colorado is great about its restaurants. There it is difficult to find a bad restaurant, for which the standards of qualification are made a little unfair if one compares them. This place is really good and is worthy of its good reputation, it is small and you have to make a reservation, but that does not bother me. The lady at the entrance is not the friendliest (That the reason why a lower some points) but she's not rude, maybe she just had a bad day. However, the chef (owner) is incredibly friendly and if I could only give him 6 stars. He goes around each table waving and actually seems interested in explaining about the food and the place, I loved that.The food is rich, I maybe do not have the most sophisticated palate but I liked it. Definitely if you want to impress someone go there, but do not arrive early, arrive at the exact time of your reservation, otherwise you will have to wait outside and if it is cold I do not recommend it. The dishes are not super expensive but you need to prepare your wallet for this site."}, {"review_id": "O7l78paMsip1qZUODRHHeA", "user_id": "4ZbCVQZAbW3Reg-xw9Nxag", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/19/2018", "text": "I have always heard good things about Fruition and finally I decided to splurge for my birthday this year. My husband and I ordered the roasted brassica salad as appetizer. My husband got the famous maple leaf duck breast and I decided to try the bavette steak:The salad was light and pleasantly aromatic with roasted almond. The duck breast was soft and juicy without being overly greasy.  Flavoring of the duck was on the light side compared to what I am used to.  However when had together with the sides, either the poached bartlett pear or the pickled squash, the combination was just perfect! The same impression applies to the steak: soft and appropriately seasoned. When combined with the horseradish sheepskyr and roasted shiitake mushroom, it brings out the best of all of them. It was like a MAGIC!  Because this dinner was for my birthday, the menu I got had my name and happy birthday on it. We also got complimentary champagne which was so sweet. I also liked it a lot that our waiter was friendly, efficient but never overly attentive. We got full 3-course with a glass of wine and tipped generously. The meal ended up being about $150. Thank you for an unforgettable birthday dinner and I will definitely be coming back!"}, {"review_id": "NUnG-3lEuynbjG0g5d_nEg", "user_id": "TlBZwi8ayt-CbGGNQ6m2yQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/5/2018", "text": "Since being in Denver, I have heard nothing but good things about this place so decided to check it out. We made a reservation for Friday night and it took a while to be seated, not necessarily the restaurants fault but it was kind of annoying. The restaurant is very small and there was a table of guests that didn't want to leave and continued to make small talk amongst themselves, even though they knew we were waiting for their table. Oh well!We started with the tuna and beet poke as well as the potato wrapped oysters Rockefeller, both of which were delicious and prepared in a way that I've never tasted them before. My favorite part was the sauce that came with the oysters. For our main courses we had the cod, steelhead and steak, all of which were good and perfectly prepared. We ended our meal with the chocolate ganache and lemon meringue, I didn't like the spiced sauce that accompanied the chocolate ganache, but enjoyed the macaroons, I don't typically eat lemon meringue, but if you're into it then it tasted pretty good.All in all, the food was delicious and I will definitely go back. I just hope that next time we get better service."}, {"review_id": "5lXutdR8Kwx5MACuE2ltSg", "user_id": "aMyh1VBqgEdN5xmd1_pqcQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/1/2018", "text": "The minute you walk into Fruition, the ambiance of this restaurant is cozy and the dim lighting sets a romantic scene. The hostess greeted us and sat us right away. First for starters, we ordered the ricotta ravioli and the potato wrapped oysters Rockefeller - presentation of both dishes were beautiful and I highly recommend the oyster Rockefeller as the Parmesan leek emulsion was a nice touch to the dish. For the main course - we ordered the pan roasted striped bass and grilled Bavette steak. In my opinion, the striped bass was a bit bland, however the steak and the shallot jam was delicious! For the final course, we ordered the chocolate ganache and lemon meringue pie - typically I don't enjoy lemon meringue, but I can see myself ordering this dessert again at fruition since it had a perfect balance of sweet and tartness from the lemon. Overall, I highly recommend this restaurant if your looking for a cozy, romantic ambiance with great service and exquisite meal."}, {"review_id": "ysZNAK6HFGywuazcB4j8sA", "user_id": "Wf8B9MCRT3YcLZ2Tcxo1vQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/16/2017", "text": "This is the best meal/service I have had in Denver in the past 4 years. My wife and I came this evening to celebrate our anniversary, and used the event as an excuse to spend what we thought would be more money than normal while dining out. Imagine our surprise when the meal with tip only came out to 150$.The staff at fruition created personalized menus with our names and the fact that we were celebrating our 11th anniversary which was a nice touch. They gave us a celebratory toast with a 2015 Marques De Caceres which we had never had before but not want to try to find as we enjoyed the white wine's flavor.We started with the oysters Rockefeller which was warm and tasty. My wife got the pork loin and I got the duck. We both really enjoyed our entrees. We ended up sharing the chocolate torte which was the perfect size for us to share. Overall, we really enjoyed the meal, service, atmosphere and price point. We will be back in a month or two and hope to come here often in the future. Highly recommended!"}, {"review_id": "rCUbSMiif8KGj8p-w2NpCg", "user_id": "XufItBcOwCqaE1wTUp5JhQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/18/2017", "text": "Wow, where do I even begin. I absolutely love Fruition and my boyfriend and I come back every year for our anniversary. We have never been disappointed with any of our meals here and this most recent visit was no exception! To start, the service is wonderful. They gave us menus that had \"Happy Anniversary\" written on top and also gave us a little wine for a toast right when we sat down. We made reservations on their website, which I would highly recommend. The restaurant itself isn't too big, but it is a cozy little space without feeling too crowded. The ambiance is very mellow and it isn't too loud. We started out with the Pasta Carbonara. Oh my goodness, it is to die for! Fresh made pasta swimming in a cheesy, savory broth with peas, a perfectly cooked piece of pork belly on top (crisp on the outside, juicy and tender on the inside), and a 6 minute egg to top it off. The runny yolk was rich and rounded out the whole dish. Our waiter told us this appetizer is always on the menu and it definitely is a must try. I had the Grilled Bavette Steak prepared medium. It was accompanied with a potato galette, arugula pesto, confit sweetbreads, sweet pearl onions, and a mushroom butter/gravy. Every single thing on the plate was seasoned well and cooked to perfection. I cleaned my plate without a single bite left. My mouth is watering just thinking about it! I finished off my dinner with the Chocolate Torte with Caramel Ice Cream. The Torte tasted exactly like a chocolate truffle - creamy and rich with chocolate flavor. They put a fresh raspberry sauce on top with fresh raspberries. The tart sauce cut through the sweetness of the Torte. The caramel ice cream was a great complement to the dish and they topped it with cocoa nibs which added a crunchy texture. I would highly recommend trying Fruition! The menu changes frequently and I can't wait to go back for more."}, {"review_id": "bqvyMXDqol-qBpI3o9TlcQ", "user_id": "sSZOyV-IiXrUqm0gv8MMxw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/25/2017", "text": "We came here to celebrate our 9th wedding anniversary having heard many good things (top 5 restaurants, good yelp reviews, etc...).  This is a wonderful little (as in only seats 45 people) farm to table dining establishment.  We arrived about 10-15 minutes early and were told timing was running pretty close to on track for our seating.  Be advised, they don't really have any place to hang out while you wait other than right in the door, it's a cozy little place.  While they don't have a bar or anything, there are a couple places across the street you can hang out at if you get there too early.  Seating isn't very intimate, you're mere elbows away from the next table.  Once we had been seated and settled we noticed that they had customized the menu for us with a happy anniversary message!  Love the level of detail they give to the patrons. The service was very friendly and right on top of things.  Our server (Kathy I think, I'm sorry if not or if I misspelled it!) was incredibly friendly and helpful.  Everyone we interacted with was kind and polite.  We asked but unfortunately we weren't able to meet the chef to say thank you and share our compliments, but can't blame him for being busy.  On to the food.  Let me start by saying the food was fantastic, but I can be a finicky foodie and with such a small menu for me, there were not a lot of options that matched my palette.  There were about 5-6 options for both starters and entrees.  We were a little disappointed to find out that the starters ($10-16 each) were not really big enough to share, so we both ended up ordering one.  The main courses are around $28-31 and they have a duck, steak, pork, fish, lamb and of course vegetarian option.  My pork was cooked wonderfully however the scallops my wife had were a bit gritty.  The deserts were wonderful and are around the same price as the starters but again a little too small to share.  All things considered it was a wonderful experience with some expertly cooked food and I would recommend to people who are into food to try Fruition."}, {"review_id": "ZqcVywek_HlJ_FoguHGAGA", "user_id": "kC6WWGHk44BmuCPnJSyk7w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "7/19/2017", "text": "We were visiting Denver and wanted to try some of the high end restaurants. We actually came to Fruition because my wife heard an interview with Padma Lakshmi who mentioned the restaurant by name. We were not disappointed and ate six different dishes. Each one had an element of the season, early spring: ramps, peas, spring onions. In most of the pictures I am posting there is a green sauce with each dish. I assure you they are all different. This menu changes frequently so if I go into detail about a lot of the dishes it might not do you any good because they may not be around anymore. What is important to know is that the chefs here know how to cook their food properly and they know how to season their food. For those of you who frequent upscale restaurants often you know the difference between well-seasoned food and food that just doesn't quite hit the mark. Fruition is working the flavors at all levels; sweet, salt, acidity, and savory elements make their way into each of their dishes. Not only that, but our server was amazing. He makes a living from it, so he knows the food, knows the wine, and helped us pair them."}, {"review_id": "cRiC1K6oQfXJsvriuuDebQ", "user_id": "n_LC1bpEseByx11qyQjbXQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "6/20/2017", "text": "I had such high hopes for this place after reading all the great reviews on Yelp. Sadly, this place missed the mark for me. I made a reservation for 1 for an early weekday dinner.I was greeted by a nice lady at the door. She noticed that I made a note in the reservation about wanting to sit in a more secluded corner. I sat at a table against the wall, but next to a super loud group of 8 people from out of town. Not her fault they were loud.My server took forever to get to me after I sat down because she was busy pouring wine and talking to the table of 8. By the time she got around to introducing herself and asking if I wanted anything to drink, I not only already decided on what I was going to drink, I also figured out what I wanted to order. 1. Strawberry Elixir Mocktail ($6)2. Potato Wrapped Oysters Rockefeller ($15)3. Cobia Tartare ($13)4. Maple Leaf Farms Duck Breast ($30)The Strawberry mocktail was ok. It tasted good, but a bit weak in terms of flavor. The Cobia Tartare was my favorite dish of the night. I would totally have it again, in fact, I would have it once a night if I could. The flavors and textures really came together. If I had more time, I might want to just order that dish for take out. The oysters rockefeller were ok. Fruition does a fun spin on them by wrapping oysters up in this thin potato slice, deep frying it (I think), so it becomes oysters wrapped in a potato chip. It came with this green sauce. The table next to me asked the server \"is the green stuff guacamole?\" No, it is a Parmesan leak emulsion. The table next to me, who ordered the dish after they saw me eating it, was blown away by the emulsion. I wasn't too jazzed about it. To give you an idea about pacing, from the time I walked through the door, to the time I finished by 2 appetizers, about 50 minutes had passed. Also, by the way, one does not need to order 2 appetizers. I was barely able to eat my main after I polished off all my appetizers. People on Yelp talked about the crispy duck skin and how it was good. I went with the duck instead of the pork shoulder because it was lighter and the server said that it was a solid choice. When the duck came, it was perfectly cooked. The duck tortellini (?) that came with the duck was unimpressive in terms of flavor. I'm not a fan of fennel and the duck came with a bed of fennel, but I can't count that against them. I did like the Marcona almonds and cheese that was added to the salad. The duck skin was not as crispy as I thought it would be and was definitely too salty. The butter that came with the free bread was unique. I believe it was a sea salt parsley(?) butter. I had such high expectations based on the reviews on Yelp. Sure were the people nice, yes, but the service was a bit spotty and the food definitely didn't satisfy my tummy. I was full at the end of the meal, but I was not a happy panda. I would say that this place is not as good as what other people say. Or maybe the restaurant had a bad day. Either way, take the 4 and 5 star reviews of this place with a grain of salt. For the ~$80 I paid, I feel like I could have had a better experience elsewhere. Sure, one dish I really liked, but that 1 dish couldn't make up for the other dishes I ordered or the experience. Pro tip: don't wear dark pants. The white cloth napkins shed all over my black pants."}, {"review_id": "lS6ceKtJCOIpT8os2sH0yA", "user_id": "GUQ5Odz0dY_afWUEJOefEA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/21/2017", "text": "Fruition is voted one of the best restaurants in Denver and for good reason too. FOOD WAS AMAZING. SERVICE WAS TOP NOTCH. OVERALL, A FANTASTIC MEAL. The restaurant is small and feels like eating in someone's living room. There's no pretentious decorations and paintings, it was all very homey and cozy. Reservations were not as hard to get as I expected. I went on a Thursday night and was able to make a reservation 30 minutes before for 8pm. Here's what we ordered:- Grilled Spanish Octopus ($16): AMAZING. The octopus was tender and had a perfect char to it. The sofrito was like the bottom crusty part of a paella. All the tiny elements like squid ink, lemon aioli, romesco, and olives came together to take you a little journey to Spain. Love it!- Pasta Carbonara ($13): Instead of spaghetti pasta, it was cute al dente cavatelli, which were perfect for holding in that delicious cacio pecora broth. Now for the house cured pork belly... melt in your mouth and fork tender, divine.- Duck Breast ($30): I love duck. And I have to order it whenever I see it on the menu. And this did not disappoint. The portion was generous and cooked to a perfect medium-rare. The black mission fig and port wine reduction pairing is a classic, and for good reason, cause it's just so so good! - Pork Chop ($31): I never order pork chops at restaurants because they always come out dry. But the waitress insisted and we decided to take her word for it. This pork chop was delicious! It was cooked and just a slight pink on the inside. I loved the sides and garnishments that came with this too, roasted squash puree, brussel sprouts, mushrooms, it was a perfect fall dish.- Grilled Bavette Steak ($29): At this point, we were stuffed. But the steak was juicy and tender. We kept saying after each bite, that it would be our last... and then suddenly it was all gone. We didn't have room for dessert, but the appetizers and entrees looked too good to swap one out for a sweet. This is definitely on the top of my list when I come back to Denver!"}, {"review_id": "WeASPi3G8fP4hlK3Auhneg", "user_id": "KdnIKifTxxrasorpJzSFMg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/24/2018", "text": "Had heard amazing things about Fruition and brought it up to a friend, who then agreed to bring me here as a treat for my birthday. I felt a little worried that it was maybe not going to be as great as I had heard, after spotting some negative yelp reviews, but I'm not one to let the haters stop me from doing my thang, so off we went for a very belated birthday dinner celebration. ;)Started with lamb gnocchi, followed by steelhead with roasted fennel, almonds, and grapefruit, then finished with a cheese plate for dessert.. since I don't have all that much of a sweet tooth. Um.. that beet jam though on the cheese plate.. can I just get a jar of that?? or a bowl???! Amazing! My friend had a poshy polenta soup, followed by a chicken dish, followed by the incredibly Instagramable lemon meringue pie.. and also loved everything he got. All of it was beautifully plated and all stolen bites on my behalf were also delicious. Waitress was super attentive when I needed more bread or wine, but otherwise left us alone to be able to catch up and make space in between courses. A lot of yelp reviews complain about the service being slow.. and I personally love things to move that way. America culture, in general, is so frenzied and rushed.. especially with food.. and I've always found it obnoxious. I appreciate a bit of a more slow pace.. within reason, of course and when I am out.. I am all about the experience and enjoying the company of whoever I've gone out with.. but like.. I get it.. maybe you have places to be or you've gone here on a first date and it isn't going well.. whatever. From my own perspective though.. how things were paced was pretty ideal. Definitely a great place to go with someone who you enjoy the company of or who you haven't seen in a while...Aside from our waitress giving us ample attention, she was also on point with a dessert drink rec of a super nutty sherry (which I am still fantasizing about) to go with my cheese plate and gave solid insights on how our food selections would work in progression to one another. The wine I selected also (I believe it was the nebbiolo) was also totally phenomenal.. enough to prompt me to order a second glass of the same wine.. which isn't usually the direction that I take. Good job on that wine list, guy who does the drinks.. who's name may or may not have been Patrick. You the real MVP ;)All in all.. it was just as amazing as I had heard from friends.. and I will absolutely be returning soon with my partner for another visit.. especially since we are both huge fans of the sister restaurant Mercentile.Boom."}, {"review_id": "cYTSPE8gjUH_1Y45cWMMUQ", "user_id": "FxheTFcsyFPTx_bJKt4KHA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "Great food in a lovely room. Everything we had was wonderful. Our only issue, as we ate there on a cold night, was the burst of arctic air whenever someone opened the front door, which flooded the entire restaurant. Everyone ate with coats on. (Wonder why they can't build out their front to have an encoded double set of doors?) We will definitely be back, but only on a warmer night."}, {"review_id": "_FYJYim1sNiXb8tJmlNeLA", "user_id": "HtdlXHymvxb_oI5LhKZKWg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/17/2017", "text": "How about the best meal of your life for one penny? (Don't try this at home)Had dinner at Fruition in Denver six years ago after an unsuccessful attempt a week before. Because they were unexpectedly jammed and couldn't honor our 8:30 reservation until after 9:30, they gave us a \"dinner for four\" coupon which we redeemed this evening. Little did we suspect that \"dinner for four\" covered appetizers, mains, wines and desserts. When the bill for $0.01 arrived, after a perfect, and I really do mean perfect, meal, we were stunned.Sorry, folks, that is unlikely to happen on a regular basis, but it does illustrate how deeply the owner and management at Fruition are committed to making their customers happy. And that is what they do so well, no matter what they charge you.That evening we had duck, sous vide pork chops, beautifully tender and slightly pink in the center, halibut and... damn, what did mom have? Oh yes, a vegetarian casserole. Give me a break. It was six years ago. Everything, the food, the service, the blessed quiet ... why would anyone want loud music when they are eating? Put your hand down, Danzig.OK, enough about the old days.Recently my wife and I were walking in Capitol Hill, and I said \"We should go have dessert at Fruition.\" It was about 8:00, so I thought there was a good chance that they might have a table for two open for a half hour. I was right, they did have one table, right next to the kitchen. Still a good seat. We had key lime pie and an amazing Sauternes recommended by our waiter as the perfect accompaniment. He was so right. My my, were we pleased, and we left grinning like cartoon cats.The end."}, {"review_id": "5eZYsYOEUxCdqqVcSZHmZw", "user_id": "oWccKrMSB-wKYMecBrbmUQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/15/2017", "text": "I took my wife here for our 2 year wedding Anniversary and we both really liked this place. When we were seating we were given special menus that said \"Happy 2nd Anniversary\" at the top which was a great touch. This place is very nice on the inside and all the food is beautifully served and tasted great.StartersAsparagus Salad - Truthfully not really my favorite and I wouldn't recommend this dishPasta Carbonara - Yes, Yum, Good, Great, Grand... All of the above, this dish was awesome I highly recommend it to anyone and everyoneMain CoursePan Roasted Barramundi - The fish was very well cooked and very tastyI recommend this place for any special occasion; or I guess if you're just looking for an awesome fancy dinner"}, {"review_id": "QCFrVco7uOsQ3VZU8c4hqA", "user_id": "-K13kDXDwAUblX08-5CoQQ", "rating": 2.0, "date": "4/9/2018", "text": "I really wanted to like this cute and cozy restaurant. Especially since it was rated so high but I have to say that they are just not worthy of a return visit. There is a little deception with the menu descriptions that you wouldn't know unless you knew to ask. For example the menu offers Oysters Rockefeller. No asterisk or quotes around the wording. No way to know that this is NOT Oysters Rockefeller but a version that they just call  Oysters Rockefeller. Think little fried taquitos that have an oyster filling. The Sturgeon is claimed to be covered with a blanket of Cauliflower. Came out smothered with a tasteless cream sauce. There is absolutely no creativity in any of the dishes. The appetizer Tuna was billed as Tuna with a couple of garnishes which I can't remember but what it is actually is a tuna Poke. The Tuna smelled fishy. Sooo sad. Why couldnt they just call it tuna poke?  Dont get the chocolate ganache either. Its a strange rubbery mess that just has no flavor. The lemon meringue pie was decent but obviously not fresh or made ar the restaurant. Nothing special."}, {"review_id": "Oaq9Coxdw6wqmUNTY7EZdg", "user_id": "7ZDUKL36wrl_nH73NzE2QA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Ive eaten here probably 10 times over the last years and its always excellent.  The menu changes with reasonable frequency and the food is as refined and inventive as any we've found in Denver.  Nice location, reasonable ambience, smooth professional service and a great place for both a romantic or a business dinner."}, {"review_id": "vWDOOuJiBBdDnUrQ6VJi6g", "user_id": "8a2XnkOPI3n6c8MQ19pvLQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/11/2017", "text": "We had been wanting to try this restaurant forever because of its stellar reputation. We finally went for my birthday. Fruition did not disappoint!The wine menu was excellent. The food was very well done. The menu rotates often. We stuck with the seafood dishes, from the scallops to the monkfish to the escargot."}, {"review_id": "hplhdPc7SRAdBWrAOxhMiQ", "user_id": "FOKDR6toKHMm_RGDkwIUMA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "For my money, the best restaurant in Denver.  The first time I dined here, several years ago, some fellow who was walking out recommended that I order the Colorado lamb.  I asked if it was that good and he answered yes.  He was right.   I have eaten here numerous times since (I have not seen the lamb return to the menu) and every time the service is excellent and so is the food."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/fruition-restaurant-denver?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]