[[{"review_id": "g6xVIiaP2ITDrB4e55VvNg", "user_id": "zGHogojxcWihoetc3eogCg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "RIOJA IS NOW ON MY TOP 5 LIST OF FAVORITE RESTAURANTS.I'm not even sure where to start with this place! It's in a great location in Larimer Square and definitely a great place for a romantic date or iny my reason for the visit, a dinner with your girlfriends! We were in town for one of my friend's bachelorette party and this was on the itinerary for dinner Sunday night. I first have to start with the AMAZING service we were given. From the second we walked in all the way through on our way out, we were given way more than just great customer service, we were pampered! The restaurant put a great touch on their customer service by trying to accomodate for all of their guests to make it the best experience in their restaurant as possible. Our server, Jessica, was ABSOLUTELY amazing. She catered to our very needs, offered to take snapchats and boomerangs of us and our bachelorette and even brought over complimentary champagne! Hand down, one of the best servers I've experienced ANYWHERE =). Now lets get to the food...If you're the type of person who looks at small portion entree's and immediately loses interest, DON'T swipe away just yet. I was blown away with how impressed I was by the food here and I walked away feeling full and satisfied! Upon seating, they give you an optoin between still or sparkling water and someone comes around to present you with the bread options. Take my advice: lavender sourdough and goat cheese biscuits! DELISH. In between this and the appetizers, the chef gave us a complimentary salmon crudo each. The salmon was fresh and the flavors of each ingredient that he had mentioned blended together SO well. As a group we ordered 2 appetizers, the rioja \"picnic\" (a meat/cheese board) and the fresh bacon as suggested by our server. Both were amazing of course. For the entree, I ordered a surf and turf and ordered it cooked to the chef's recommendation. Normally, I would request medium if at all ordering anything close to steak but in this case nothing else had gone wrong when I trusted the kitchen so I decided to go with it again. They sure proved themselves right! The ahi tuna and steak was both tender and basically melted in my mouth. Since we were going all out, we went ahead and chose dessert. We ordered the chocolate peanut butter torte as well as the goat cheese and fig beignets and again were blown away. I liked the beignets more than I did the torte but I feel like out table was 50/50 on which one was better. I wish I lived in Denver so I could come back here on special occasions and such but I will definitely be returning the next time I'm in town!"}, {"review_id": "PXCH5uJ-PaIGyCk6lAFgmw", "user_id": "soY8k-9b3sEUOrs8-nNQfw", "rating": 2.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Count me underwhelmed. I had read many great reviews of this restaurant since moving to Denver two years ago. Let's start with the good. Service is impeccable. Ambiance charming. That's it. Understanding that most Americans overeat and restaurants try to satisfy their needs, I found Rioja's portions conversely very small especially considering the high prices (at least for fine dining in Denver).Bread is in a large basket brought around by staff infrequently. Customers get one very small piece that you choose from four or five types of bread, all cut into three-bite pieces.  If you're lucky enough to be around for his next pass through AND your plates have not been removed, you get another tiny piece.My husband ordered the gnocchi with broccoli rabe (rapini) pesto. The gnocchi was overdone (dry) and both the gnocchi and pesto were almost too salty to eat. In fact, my starving foodie husband left much of it on his plate.  I had the artichoke tortellini with truffle brodo. A small portion that was pretty bland.  Desserts were unremarkable and, for a restaurant known for fine dining, the selection of wines by the glass was very limited.We were both disappointed and someone said maybe we ordered wrong. With the prices charged at this restaurant EVERYTHING should be first-rate, don't you think? I'm not a food snob, but I've eaten at many fine food restaurants throughout the US, Canada, and many cities in Europe. To say we were disappointed is an understatement. Obviously, we will not be returning or buying their gift cards for friends or family."}, {"review_id": "hJb9F4xUgjciDnjqG063kQ", "user_id": "hv-BDwL_Yf06mpyZBVVAbQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "My boyfriend and I decided to come to dinner here for our anniversary after our other option for dinner closed because of a power outage. Well, that was probably the best thing that could have ever happened. We both agreed that it was the most SPECTACULAR service we've ever had. They were so attentive and personable. They knew it was our anniversary and made it so memorable even giving us a signed card. I was blown away. Now the food. Every bite of food was better than the last and they were all still the best of that specific thing that I have ever had. The scallop crudo was light and refreshing. The tortellini was bursting with a delicate flavor and the broth was so yummy. The peanut butter chocolate torte was absolutely amazing. I would recommend this restaurant for anyone who can appreciate amazing food and amazing service. Seriously they strive to give everyone an amazing experience. This is my go to \"special\" place from now on. Thank you so much to the entire restaurant for an incredible experience and anniversary!!"}, {"review_id": "-CFGEwi5zTywkL6oB11k6g", "user_id": "4jPsIgMZT4_Ks5-myaW9Bg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/29/2018", "text": "What do you get when you mix Spanish tapas with New American cuisine (whatever that means) with a touch of Asian fusion? I don't know, and I had no idea until I was pleasantly surprised at Rioja.(+++) Apparently it is named after a region in Spain well known for its wines, and indeed the wine list is extensive. They have an original cocktail menu as well, and we went for the SPANISH SOUR ($15.30), consisting of a Old Forester bourbon, yellow Chartreuse, Licor 43, lemon, and a tempranillo ice cube. I used to be fascinated by iced coffee with coffee ice cubes, but I can't imagine anything more clutch than a cocktail with a spherical wine ice cube. (It's essentially a BOGO drink!) I suggest sipping on this so that you can notice the drink slowly evolving into a boozy sangria.(++) Be warned that it's one of those places with like 5 different bread options. You can't go wrong because they are all fresh; I would recommend trying the bite-sized cheese bread. (Fun fact: you get a nifty square container of butter topped with hipster pink rock salt)(++) They served a complimentary SALMON CRUDO to start off--a fancy bite-sized wooden spoon of raw salmon marinated in multi-dimensional flavor explosion. In my opinion it was a bit too wooden-tasting with the spoon, but I think that would be too picky a critique.(++) The GEORGES BANK SCALLOP CRUDO ($12.24) was similarly sophisticated and distinctly different, with a melange of Asian-inspired and aromatic flavors including dashi, lemongrass, nori, cucumber, and strawberry. (Don't ask me how they pull off raw scallops and strawberries; it's surprisingly tasty)(+++) The ROASTED BEETS ($9.69) were a refreshing winter-type salad, augmenting a foundation of the earthy beets and mustard greens with sweet, citrusy, and nutty layers from the blood orange, sweet potato, and black sesame tahini.  (++++) Either I need to order gnocchi more often or Rioja really is talented, but I thought their POTATO GNOCCHI ($10.20/half portion) was the best I've ever had. They've mastered the perfect degree of a schmexy skillet sear on the outside and a lusciously soft interior. The rapini, rapini pesto, lemon, pancetta, and (read:) pears made the dish even more intriguing.(+++) I would recommend trying at least two of their house-made pastas, because I also liked the SPAETZLE WITH BEEF CHEEKS ($10.20/half portion). Again, the texture of the spaetzle was on point, though the beef cheeks were a bit tougher and drier than I would have liked (the only other time I had beef cheeks it was soaked in a curry broth).(++) The VEGETARIAN FOUR SQUARES ($20) changes based on seasonal ingredients (and FYI it's not related to Foursquare). I liked 3 of the 4 squares: there was a lightly fried polenta-like cake, bok choy seared crispy like Brussels sprouts over zucchini ribbons, and fried ocra. The last square of the taro chips was alright; otherwise, I appreciated the creative spins in their vegetarian entree.(+++) Lastly, the SERRANO WRAPPED OCTOPUS ($29.58) is an amazing savory masterpiece paired with olive oil cake, fava beans, olive purée, grilled ramps, and mint. Spoiler alert: the serrano wrap makes a deliciously crispy exterior coating.Having come from a 6-month-long winter in Michigan, we opted for the outdoor seating to enjoy the pleasant Colorado outdoor weather (though it got a bit chilly as we were waiting for the pasta and entrees; my theory is that the handmade pasta was indeed being handmade.) The ambiance is most definitely Instagram-worthy, with the beautiful strings of lights spanning the historic Larimer square to frame the sky in between the tall majestic buildings of Downtown Denver. No better space to explore dashi strawberry raw scallops and cocktails with tempranillo wine ice cubes."}, {"review_id": "WXKVRTUkDDSMM4ewDIILOA", "user_id": "yWEf9BnnS9dTHxfBaT8N4Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/17/2018", "text": "Came to Rioja for a weekend brunch with some friends. After hearing about how the chef, Jennifer Jasinski, was award-winning and also a finalist on Top Chef, we wanted to check this place out!First off, love the location, as the restaurant is located in the heart of Larimer Square. There is patio seating, which is perfect for sunny weather. The interior of the restaurant also has a nice ambience, with a classy, modern vibe.The food also did not disappoint. We were served an amuse bouche before even ordering, which consisted of a small bite of fruit, cream, and granola, and goat cheese rosemary biscuits which were both delicious. I ordered Chronic Breakfast Sandwich for my main meal. I loved the different components, but the poblano cream cheese was on the sweeter side and I would have preferred a spicier spread. Overall, though, it was quite tasty and filling.Would recommend checking Rioja out if you're in the area. I'm looking forward to going back to try their lunch or dinner menus!"}, {"review_id": "4g0Gtghktko558HJryafSA", "user_id": "STxhzIJC0q_iXrNrg8vZzg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/1/2018", "text": "Came to Rioja for an anniversary. Read great reviews so had to check it out. We arrived early and grabbed a drink at the bar while we waited for our table to be ready. I ordered the gin and juice, and my friend ordered the forester the elder. I wasn't as in love with mine. Loved the interior!To start, the service was great throughout our meal. Our server was great and so friendly! Very attentive staff, always changing our used dishes and utensils between each course. We were offered bread from a huge bread basket. I tried one of each and they were all delicious!We ordered the roasted beet salad and that was soo good. The beets were cooked perfectly and flavors were all there! Next we ordered the Italian burrata. I am a huge burrata fan, and this did not disappoint. Im still dreaming of the toast that came with this dish. So crispy and good. Next up was the artichoke tortelloni. Now I understand this is a signature dish, but I wasn't much of a fan. The pasta itself was well-made and tasted great, but the filling didn't really \"woo\" me. I guess we had to try to for ourselves. Maybe order as an appetizer just to get a taste. I do have to admit, dipping our bread in the white truffle broth was pretty delicious.Next up, we ordered the Serrano wrapped octopus. I don't know if it was just us, but we were under the impression that the Serrano meant Serrano pepper....when the food came out, to our surprised it was Serrano HAM wrapped octopus. Considering we both don't eat pork, this was a bit of a disappointment. However our server took care of it and crisis averted. I just wish maybe the menu specified that it was ham...Next was dessert. We got the brandy snap cannoli and our server brought us beignets on the House. The beignets were soooo good! Much better than the cannoli in my opinion. If I had to order one again, it would definitely be the beignets.I liked the appetizers more than the main dishes. Overall, this place does live up to the ratings and I would be back."}, {"review_id": "e_A9M_Mxz3TZEgkRrJErPA", "user_id": "uHA2E62LB8EnQMr4DUALBw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/28/2017", "text": "Rioja is one of those restaurants that I want to definitely try again when I'm in Denver.  My experience was almost a slam dunk, and I could see why previous reviewers have raved about this place and given it five stars.    I made a reservation for dinner on a Friday night, and I was happy that I did; this place was quite busy, and even though I was dining alone, I'm not sure I would have gotten seated easily if I had just walked in off the street.  There was great service though out my meal, though I wished my server could have been more attentive.  My sense was that he had to manage many tables, and while he did an excellent job, he could not make himself very available.  I ordered the fresh bacon as an appetizer and was amazed by the soft, delicate texture of the meat.  The pork felt as if it could literally melt upon consumption, and initially I was thrown off by how tender it was.  I'm used to bacon with a seared or crispy texture, but the mixture of the pork belly and the garbanzo purée made this dish a winner.  The Petaluma chicken was fantastically prepared, with a crunchy skin blending well with the moist meat underneath.  I tried their Darkness cocktail (which mixed rye whiskey, Aperol, blackberry, and lime) and thought that a happy hour with Rioja's cocktail menu would be a wonderful time.  You should definitely give this place a look!"}, {"review_id": "IBkBUrPLSJMvFufo1Od1oQ", "user_id": "W7ZAXkcltdBIntHEXeemMA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/31/2018", "text": "I recently went to Rioja with a couple of friends, I had heard great things about Rioja and was excited to try it myself!Our waitress was very attentive and was able to describe each dish we had questioned about. She was so helpful!To start they bring around a basket of the most delicious bread! I tried one of each kind and none of them disappointed! The lavender sourdough was especially good.As an appetizer we ordered the rioghnut, this is something that is just too good to pass on! Then I ordered the artichoke tortelloni for my main meal. At first I thought the portion seemed too small, but when you add the free bread and the rioghnut you really don't need much more! The artichoke tortelloni was as delicious as everything else had been!This is a wonderful place to eat and would be great for any special occasion!"}, {"review_id": "ehKXyJ77ioV4OUwFDVen3A", "user_id": "S8WNkQ6KSFXnDowqO6phkA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/1/2018", "text": "What a lovely establishment right in the middle of the legendary Larimer Square! My boyfriend and I visited to celebrate our anniversary. He ordered the duck pizza as an appetizer and could not stop until he ate the whole thing - so delicious! We also order the gnocchi to share and they brought it out in two servings. It was incredibly yummy - I'll be dreaming about that sauce for the next month.It's also worth noting that they circle with a bread basket with a wide array of breads to choose from to enjoy with smooth butter and rock salt.For entrees, we ordered the Surf and Turf and then a special with Wagyu beef and fried mushrooms. Both were pretty much extraordinary. Portion sizes were smaller than I expected but I was left feeling very satisfied. For dessert we had flour-less chocolate cake and the rocky road. I can't stress enough how incredibly good these desserts were. They were so imaginative and scrumptious. The reason for four stars is that we were placed at a small table next to a bustling doorway and near a draft. It was cold and uncomfortable and the acoustics made it really hard to hear each other. However, the service and the food were excellent. If you have a special occasion fast approaching, I would highly suggest Rioja!"}, {"review_id": "CUOHbGnSRKrVAOf6ON-SfA", "user_id": "fFVZX3FScI4qFYjPt5M4mQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/20/2017", "text": "Brunch. Brunchhhhhh!YUM. I looked at the menu for .02 seconds and immediately knew what I was getting: eggs in purgatory. I am a huuuuge fan of Israeli shakshuka and am always down to try other cuisine's version of this. It's really hard for poached eggs in a fiery tomato sauce to be not-amazing. This eggs in purgatory dish did not fail me. My only wish for this dish (ha!) is another piece of bread, please! I didn't ask for another although I have a feeling they would've accommodated.Rewind now for a second. This complimentary bread basket is literally to die for. It is huge. It is intimidating. It is delicious. Can I please roll around in it? Take one of each. Just do it. I don't care what your friends, coworkers, spouses, whatever, are doing. You are taking one of each. You must. You are not allowed to deny free bread. That is against humanity. So yeah. Eat all the bread."}, {"review_id": "vD7Un2yTMc-esc8vbgw-lg", "user_id": "CV_jtgdRDVuHgXe-73_3xw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "By far my favorite spot of the weekend! Cocktails and food were delicious and the service was on point. Coming from the service industry in Austin, this place impressed me!"}, {"review_id": "VWiI8Kqmq8OR-OidfUHkgw", "user_id": "M9hpSOJG67mGXuwlansGjg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/7/2017", "text": "There's something special happening here at Rioja.  This is the place I was looking forward to the most during my trip to Denver and the meal I will remember after I return home.  It took me a few days, but I finally made it here after already having a complete dinner elsewhere.Since it was late and I was dining alone, I opted to sit at the bar.  The guy behind the bar was Chad and he was excellent.  He was so welcoming and accommodating.  I felt completely at ease and well taken care of with Chad behind the bar.  He gave great suggestions for menu items to try.Once I ordered, someone came over with a beautiful bread basket and I made a couple selections.  The goat cheese biscuit was tasty and the onion one had great flavor.  The butter had nice flavor and was served at room temp to be perfectly spreadable.  A lot can be learned from a restaurant from its bread service and Rioja showed me they were not messing around the moment the bread and butter arrived.  There's nothing worse than to be given cold butter for bread, so the nice room temp butter was appreciated.I started with the oyster chowder.  It came with a generous portion of cold-smoked oysters.  The other components complemented the chowder well.  This dish is a bit of a challenging one, but I happen to enjoy texture and temperature contrasts within a dish, so I enjoyed it.  The one thing I found slightly weird was the celery.  The soup was served with large chunks of seemingly raw celery.  It threw off the elegance of the dish.  I would probably cook the celery a bit and cut them down to a smaller size.  Chewing crunchy celery in soup was a bit odd.  The best part was the oysters.  The smoke flavor came through and gave great flavor to the chowder itself.Next came the foie gras mousse.  It was beautifully presented with some toasted rye, almonds, and strawberry served three ways.  The foie gras mousse itself was silky smooth and had great flavor.  The fresh, dehydrated, and jammed strawberries really made the dish a standout.  It all went so well with the almonds and the ribbon of white chocolate.  I have had many foie mousse dishes throughout the years and Rioja's was the best I've had.  This is a dish I would return to Denver to have again.Finally, I had a half portion of the artichoke tortelloni.  The second this dish arrived, the aroma of the white truffle brodo hit my nose and I knew it'd be a winner.  The pasta was well-made and the artichoke mousse filling was fantastic.  Taking some of that white truffle broth with each bite of the pasta made for a very complex and satisfying dish.For dessert, I had the lemon yuzu tart.  The tart itself was perfection.  The top was torched, the filling was smooth with excellent sweet/tart yuzu flavor without being too sweet, and the crust was well-made.  Under the tart was some pine nut brittle ice cream.  It was a great complement to the tart itself.I got to meet the sous chef and he's motivated and talented.  He went through the rigors of working at Eleven Madison Park (the current best restaurant in the world) and formed his culinary foundation there.  I'm sure he will one day have a place of his own.  In the meantime, he had a special on the menu that he gracefully let me try.  It was an oyster with caviar and cucumber, with a small amount of gochujang and fish sauce.  It was complex and a wonderful few bites.I cannot wait to return to Denver so I can dine at Rioja again.  Next time, I'll come hungry so I can try their tasting menu."}, {"review_id": "3XtBrrdEAoIhf0lLJVve5Q", "user_id": "v5xc0UJ0R_7AOrKb352cXA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/21/2018", "text": "My fiancé and I went to Rioja to celebrate our recent engagement. The team at Rioja run an amazing operation. Hands down one of the best dining experiences I have had in my 4+ years in Denver. We started off with a few glasses of champagne and \"the picnic\". The fiancé is a bit of a meat and cheese monger. We both thoroughly enjoyed this beautiful spread.Next, we moved onto a half portion of the artichoke ravioli. This dish melts in your mouth and is an absolute must have.We had the scallops and the porterhouse chop of pork for dinner. We were both completely intoxicated off of the food by the end of our meal. Perfectly balanced cocktails and friend service made this meal amazing. Thank you to the team at Rioja for making this a very special dinner."}, {"review_id": "NvF7CKlN3tOp8AW01WwOTg", "user_id": "jF_vE7-hsuw850zuvr4-yg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/1/2018", "text": "Rioja provided a truly memorable dining experience with surprising, delicious food and impeccable service. Come with a group so you can taste everything! The wine list is also extensive with many Portuguese and Spanish wines (you can order half glasses to taste). The lemon yuzu tart is a must order for dessert. The only menu item I wouldn't order again is the scallops (it is about one scallop cut into pieces with strawberries and seaweed-not bad just not a mind-altering flavor). Ask for the goat cheese bread rolls to pair with the table butter and pink Himalayan sea salt (what a cute touch)! The almond ramp soup, beets, and pork belly were all excellent flavors. While we ordered two pasta dishes, I was pleasantly surprised by the vegetarian platter (I suggest you order this option as it lets you try four separate dishes). The chocolate that comes out with the ticket at the end is unbelievable! Enjoy!"}, {"review_id": "ih7Qw42YqvK7DKtHEngJ3w", "user_id": "1uWt3rL2GJiptcflQa35Jg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "1/22/2018", "text": "Came here for lunch on a Friday afternoon. The weather was nice so we opted to sit outside. The restaurant maybe had 3 tables seated. We walked in and the hostess asked to throw out our coffees, which we had just purchased on the walk over. I asked her if they brew coffee in house, she said they did but it was plain coffee. I asked to keep my coffee as it was a latte and couldn't be ordered from the restaurant. She half rolled her eyes and said I'm sure you just have a few sips left.We sat outside, it was lovely and ordered the smoked salmon sandwich special of the day and  chicken sandwich. The smoked salmon was tasty and the chicken Was okay. The menu which we were given, both the drink and food menu didn't have the option of coffee on either. Our server was attentive and the busboy was very accommodating and helpful. I'd be a lot happier with him as a host. Disappointed with the experience based on the yelp reviews and the customer service."}, {"review_id": "7emy_J5NzdAaIlv3xjQKfQ", "user_id": "CKRfBUqQGaVCYTKN5kDrzw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/16/2018", "text": "Feasting like royalty at Rioja!  We had our special Valentine's day dinner here and it was a phenomenal treat for the foodies we are and the best gift. We came from out of town and this was an exceptional foodie adventure! I adored the picnic appetizer--fantastic charcuterie meats, flatbread crackers, and goat cheese toasted and olives. They also included spicy chorizo, so it was too hot for me but my husband liked it. There was a green salad and a orange marmalade palates cleanser.  We shared the small plates of the Pork belly bacon with cardamom sauce. Imagine a delicious pork meat they roast for a day with an Indian curry-like sauce. I loved the flavors and it was unique because pork belly is typically fried when you eat it. This was more like brisket and the sauce reminded me of Indian style recipes.  We also ordered the small portion of home made spaetzle pasta with beef cheeks, and an anise seasoning. Normally I wouldn't know if that combo works but I loved the unique flavors.   We also shared the entree Octopus wrapped with serano ham. It was divine, salty, tender and delicious. We chose a wonderful Tempranillo wine, recommendation from the waiter. Oh and the bread basket had wonderful goat cheese biscuits that were amazing with the salted butter!! I loved our meal and I wish we lived nearby.  We walked from a downtown hotel so parking was not an issue. I truly loved my dinner and the artistic presentation of the food!"}, {"review_id": "N1VAl1muMTeHiRZvq2SSMA", "user_id": "7LdHbcbVImxsnRFjWooYkQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/7/2017", "text": "I truly believe you can judge any fine dining establishment by the butter they serve woth their bread (if they do, that is). I have winced in michelin star restaurants that brough out ice cold butter and obligatory rolls. Rioja does it just right. When the meal starts with an arrangement of fresh baked breads and silkg smooth butter topped with crumbled pink salt, then you know you are going to be taken care of.In the heart of downtown Denver,  there are some wondetful clusters of restaurants. Several of the best in the city are right here next to each other. Rioja manages to stand out amongst thise with a delicious, flexible menu, beautiful plating, and an exceptional mixologist. It all started off with that tantalizing bread basket, from which I picked a currant whole grain bun and a goat cheese biscuit.My first plate was a delectable foie mousse appetizer. Just looking at the construction of the plate, you can see the work and thought put in to presentation and, more importantly, how you will eat it. This is plated just right to emphasize textures, including that of the mousse, while providing little bits of different things in each bite. There were distinct layers of flavor to this that I thoroughly appreciated.To go with it, I had one of the most balanced, but creative, mezcal cocktails I've been served recently.My main plate proved to be more than I could eat and sadly less satisfying than my first round. While the beef short ribs were tender perfection, the anise a pleasant undertone, and the spaetzle given just the right texture,  it simply wasn't as impressive all together. I enjoyed it all the same. I had simply hit the highlight of the meal already."}, {"review_id": "G-_cgP-ATBoqNVmeLw9unA", "user_id": "Fr734lKstKUeZg-vFx21Nw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/22/2017", "text": "The best meal we had in Denver, hands down. Only open time for reservation for 2 on Friday night was 5:15pm. This place gets full quickly! VIBE: intimate dim lighting. White tablecloths and felt ~very fancySERVICE: extraordinary! Many servers come by to fill water, take away plates, and gotta love that bread guy who comes by with fresh pieces every so often. FOOD: we each got a glass of wine and shared several dishes. There's also a wide selection of breads you can choose from for the table. I loved the Lavender sourdough!Pork belly appetizer- the garganzo bean soup this was in was very unique and tastyDuck pizza- likes the balance of flavors and it was a huge portion Tortellini pasta- get the entree size instead of appetizer size to share between two people because you're gonna want as much as possibleScallops- the waitress raved about this dish so we had to try it. These scallops were gigantic and sooo tender. Definitely recommend! Lamb- cooked a few different ways all on one dish and was presented beautifullyOverall the ambience, service and food here were all 5 stars and worth the price! The location of this restaurant was also in the heart of Larimer Square and it was the perfect setting to walk into after a fantastic meal here."}, {"review_id": "9QApbWTT6_I2Ycq3Opi4hA", "user_id": "9UjiiP2ySTkhG4sxliwMpw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/20/2017", "text": "Came in last night for a birthday dinner and was just blown away by everything! The atmosphere is pretty upscale and very romantic and intimate. Service is on point. And food is amazing.We ordered the summer flatbread, foie gras, angel hair pasta, and scallops. Honestly, they were all delicious in their own way. The flat bread is very light and is pretty similar to bruschetta. Four gras was creamy and probably the best foie gras we've had in denver. Angel hair pasta was full of flavor and the shrimps are huge, I will say we ended up getting the dinner portion on this as the waiter warned us that the appetizer portion is pretty small, the cooks were also nice enough to split the portion in half for us, which was really thoughtful as we didn't request this. It's pretty pricey here, considering the small portions, but it's definitely worth the money. I will definitely be back!"}, {"review_id": "JNAEHfF0yDpoDbmQXWsiKQ", "user_id": "IVEeHG_2DDgMGvPdgsmWrw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/24/2017", "text": "Deserves more than 5 stars. I would pick up a flight and travel back to Denver just to eat here... it's so so good. Co-owned by award winning Chef Jennifer Jasinski... kudos to her talent !!My husband a I chose Rioja for our anniversary dinner because of the reviews we had read. We were not disappointed. Not only was the food delicious but uniquely styled and meticulously plated...each came out looking better than the other.A vegetarians paradise! We had a melon salad...watermelon, honeydew, each cut and scooped differently..heirloom tomato, shishito jam and served with cantaloupe-black pepper sorbet... yes! sorbet for salad... take my word for it.. it's out-of-the-world good.Next was the,Bermuda Triangle....goat cheese, variations of zucchini , puffed farro, ginger pickled blueberries, preserved lemon, pine nut purée... For entree, artichoke tortelloni filled with artichoke mousse... in an outrageously delicious broth.... I could die eating this forever.The service exceptional.. our server brought out another dessert (at no cost) just coz I didn't enjoy the first one that much...how sweet!! Tip: go with a reservation else you'll be waiting a long time.To make a reservation go to their website or open table. cant make a reservation over the phone i called like hundred times and no one answers."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/rioja-denver?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]