[[{"review_id": "kXc9Wfmysq3fcwOmv90D1Q", "user_id": "kQC3hb9cE-BImCloj8e4MQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/2/2018", "text": "One of my go to's when im bringing someone to denver for the first time. Bone marrow, game sausage, local beer, and Thai-style pig ear are just a few staples that make Euclid Hall what it is. Located conveniently across from the college campus it is a perfect place for a study beer, or a pre-class beer, or a post class beer, or just to grab a beer while in Denver. Dilly Dilly"}, {"review_id": "aDQm5U_APjuL3zKxuqY9mw", "user_id": "fYaiBMYHEh94DaqGzFfSoQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/27/2018", "text": "Euclid is one of the highest reviewed places in Denver, so naturally it was one of our first stops! They have an extensive beer menu, both on draft and in bottles or cans. They also offer sodas and other refreshing drinks if you're not there for the alcohol. We tried the beef short rib kielbasa, which was so good! Perfectly crisp and bursting with flavor. It comes with four different housemade mustards for you to try and some delicious pickled cabbage. We both ordered the Loco Moco lamb \"burger\", which I put in quotation marks because you should not expect a burger when you order this. It's delicious and very unique, with crisp sushi rice and a lamb patty that is better than any I've ever had. However, if you just order this there is a high chance you will not leave very full. We left just full enough with the sausage and loco moco to go on an impromptu brewery tour. The decor is amazing, there's great service, and they even have a tiny allergen menu for you to see what foods include the major allergens!"}, {"review_id": "f0Vs9qH4DGaZB5Oafkmoag", "user_id": "lrK7l656spVmQdkyEtBmoQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "I want to 5 star this place so badly, because there's so much to love, but I think it's just a solid 4 based on my one visit. Came on a Friday night with a couple of out-of-town friends. Was less busy at 9 than I thought--according to OpenTable, the earliest available reservation was 10, but we were seated immediately upon arriving. The greats:- Kielbasa, merguez, blood sausage. All on point and paired well with the accompanying mustards.- \"Chip and dip\" with house-made potato chips, duck confit, yogurt dill dip. Interesting and delicious. Also, on the house since we hit it off with our waiter. - Service. Our server clearly knows the drink menu well and understood the drinks that made us happy.Pretty good:- Bone marrow. While the other marrows I've had tended to be more on the savory side, this was a pleasantly surprising combination of savory and sweet. However, I feel like our bones were seasoned and charred somewhat unevenly. While some bites were heaven, other bites verged on the unpleasant side of rich and fatty.- Roasted carrots. Were well roasted.OK:- \"Old Sober\" duck spaghetti ramen. Tasted like noodles in sambal broth. Which isn't a bad thing, but was expecting more, maybe from the inclusion of the duck. Also, spaghetti don't have the same textural experience as traditional ramen noodles. Maybe some classics shouldn't be messed with...- Crudo. Memorable in appearance, forgettable in taste.- Andouille sausage. Sadly this can only be described as \"off point\", a phrase I never thought I'd use. Not that it had a bad taste (because we still ate it all), but it just wasn't quite Andouille, coming from people that have spent time in Louisiana.So having given this mixed review, I'm giving this place an upward tilt since we all still left happy. Also, they are open late and I will be coming back for the service, ambiance, and the things on the menu that I haven't tried. Hope to update my review."}, {"review_id": "evt__-ZBsEZ_YZntzoekcA", "user_id": "TWQ4bxTnfz40cZMFCE2W-g", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "I used to work on 17th and Lawerence and always wanted to go here for dinner having heard so many good things, so of course it was where I suggested when people looked to me for a recommendation for dinner. Unfortunately I wasn't wowed by the place to be honest. The menu seemed a bit limited and uninspired. Friends and I each ordered a beer (great prices) and then split a pickle plate. The radishes were to die for, but for the price point I expected better presentation or a larger portion (either would be fine). I ordered the chicken and waffles - the chick was fried to perfection - seriously loved the chicken would have happily eaten just 3 more pieces of chicken. The waffle was sourdough which gave an interesting balance with the sweet syrup, but I'm not sure it was anything worth writing home for. I had always heard about Euclid's innovative menu and was excited to try them out, but everything just kind of fell flat."}, {"review_id": "m7i8ytU6w0TXkj9hrQB4Mg", "user_id": "-ro7OG3jjCSKnF6OJinKjg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "This is been one of my favorite spots in the city for several years. I recently returned to it after a late night flight and stop by to grab some food. The options at 11 PM was still great and the beer selection was exceptional, with lots of local and national craft brews. The lamb dish was really neat."}, {"review_id": "IgKbm5KrsFGxlilpw7K_mw", "user_id": "zGHogojxcWihoetc3eogCg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "I came into Denver for a girlfriend's bachelorette and saw that Euclid Hall was on the itinerary. After reading so many reviews, I grew excited that this was considered \"very Denver\". I looked over the menu and saw that it wasn't too expansive, limited, but all were very enticing. After some careful discussion, we decided to all get the bone marrow to start with. This was awesome! It was charred but had a sweet crusted glaze over it. It's pretty fatty so make sure you savor it with a bit of sourdough bread each time. It perfectly balanced it out. We also got the cheese curds which were also fried to a crispy outside and chewy, hot and cheesy inside. For entree's, my sister and I shared the bratburger and the loco moco. i LOVED the loco moco. It had crispy sushi rice on the bottom kind of acting as a bun, then the actual lamb burger, a garlicky sauce and topped with a sunny side up egg. I was very impressed from beginning to end and would definitely come back on my next visit!"}, {"review_id": "dt6evrDzKkBeBR434BwLuQ", "user_id": "37zVzs_gnw3jgHVACGI-NA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "Very delicious and creative menu. The lamb burger was delicious-it had crispy sushi rice and a sunny side up egg on top. flavorful and unique. We also had to order the bone marrow and were very glad we did.My husband ordered the Beef short rib kielbasa and they accidental brought him the Smoked Pork Andouille- they fixed their mistake, of course, and we got to try both. Both were great! If you're looking for some heavy but creative pub grub, look no farther."}, {"review_id": "P2QvrrRs_fxcDCbC9qh8HQ", "user_id": "nr35WjC-YI0dFcsnW33Szw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "What is there not to like about this place? Lots of delicious beers, small outside patio, but lots of space inside with dark woods/tvs and an excellent happy hour menu.Things to Note:1) Local Beer2) Lots of delicious food and mostly meat offerings3) Can accommodate larger groups upstairsThis place is very Colorado and worthy to take friends from out of town for a low key experience."}, {"review_id": "oevOkVh4qNclxjjS89PKOQ", "user_id": "Gb8kR-jKZwbCYbJHEHVM-w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "Everything here was superb!  Had the beef tartare to start, bottle of wine and the ramen with duck.  The server was attentive and we were seated immediately on a Friday night!  It is centrally locates and a really cool relaxed vibe.  If ever in Denver again, I hope this place is still there to indulge my foodie cravings."}, {"review_id": "pLj1B_gxSRx-P1WNW58NkQ", "user_id": "_AlPmtlcv6o-SB3Uv_Z2HA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "I had a great dinner here with a large party (11 total) and we came here on the recommendation of a friend who lives in the area. Euclid Hall was easily able to accommodate us with a same-day reservation on a weekend with a table upstairs.Their space is perfect for reunions, which was the reason for the occasion, but you could also watch the game on tv by the bar or have a nice dinner in a casual setting.I shared a bunch of plates between 4 people at our end of the table and we were talking about how some restaurants have an appetizer section so tempting that you'd rather skip the entrées altogether.We ordered:Brûléed Bone Marrow (x2)Chips & DipWagyu Beef TartareSquid MacBoulder Lamb Loco MocoWe only ordered one entrée, the loco moco, which was about the size of a small appetizer. Anyway, you MUST order the bone marrow here.  We thought the four of us could just split one order but we all loved it so much that placed another order towards the end of our meal.We started and ended with bone marrow (best idea ever). Dessert was considered for about two seconds, but then we thought about how one order wasn't enough (there were 2 bones per order), so another batch of brûléed bones outweighed all other options.The chips & dip were recommended by our server, and had an interesting cold/hot combination. The 'cold' came from the smoked rare duck breast which was flash-frozen, and the 'hot' came from the duck confit. Everything was mixed on top a pile of fresh cut chips, with lemon goat cheese underneath.These two appetizers (bone marrow + chips & dip) were my favorite. Everything else was okay, but I didn't enjoy the beef tartare. Perhaps it was served in a different way or felt sparse in its presentation, but it left a lot to be desired.I think what would've tipped the scale to five stars is ordering their poutine and sausages (under the \"cranked\" section). Their sausages are ground, seasoned, made in-house, and \"made with love from all Colorado whole animals.\" With that sort of description, you know it's one of their specialties.Euclid Hall has great food/drinks with a festive, low-key atmosphere. If you love bone marrow, sausages, poutine, or any rich and heavy soul-satisfying food that pairs well with a beer, you'll find it here. I'll need to revisit when I pass through Denver again!"}, {"review_id": "dK5q7X8yRBeGy-wJeeo9SQ", "user_id": "O3-ksgqwY1ng8UrK7s9R-A", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/10/2018", "text": "We came here during happy hour. My husband got an IPA in house amber. Don't be fooled by the lighter color of the beer. He loved it. This is definitely a pub with good bites. We shared the duck poutine which was delicious! Crispy fries covered with sharp cheese duck gravy and tender duck meat. Eat these first otherwise your fries will get soggy. My husband got the brat burger which he loved. It looks deceivingly small but has a great amount of meat in it. I got the itsy-bitsy fish sandwich, which was OK. I wouldn't get this again. It's small, and the fish is battered up fried which reminds me of those frozen fish sticks. There's really no sauce lemon/tarter sauce acidity to balance the fish. They put a jalapeño aioli which I couldn't taste."}, {"review_id": "-l8GrE7cIfaakakhlWpiRg", "user_id": "VdkAX9khigCjpMGuMNWYMQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/19/2018", "text": "My colleagues and I had dinner here recently while we were in town for work.  I would say the place is more of a bar than a restaurant but they had decent food and good drinks.  Lots of beer options if you are into that.  I had the Colorado Cider Company Glider Cider.  It light and refreshing.  For an appetizer, we had the Fried Cheddar Curds, Buffalo ranch.  So good.  I could have eaten them all night.For my entrée, I had the Chicken and Waffles, country fried Colorado Native breast, sourdough waffle, maple, salted walnuts.  This was tasty but my waffle was cold.  I should have sent it back but did not want to wait for food.  Also, the maple syrup was cold.  The chicken was tasty.  Nice breading, not too thick, good flavor.  And loved that it was boneless.  My colleagues tried a variety of other items.  The sausages, cauliflower steak, chicken sandwich, mussels. Everyone liked their meals.  Overall a nice pup atmosphere, good drinks, decent food."}, {"review_id": "thZqJzkCI53RjsWNkx2u_A", "user_id": "PhmMWBBQda24K9z6b9R-sA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "1/14/2018", "text": "I really wanted to like this place but there were a few factors that made me ultimately gave this only 3 stars. First of all, it's fairly difficult to find parking around this place.  We had to park three blocks away next to a homeless encampment...Second, we order a beer on nitro and when it came out it was half beer half foam... Not cool.Third, it took forever to get the check. I think our waiter had friends at the restaurant and he was mainly focused on them..Fourth, the duck poutine was just alright.  It was kinda soggy without alot of duck pieces. However, this place ain't all that bad...They have this pad Thai pig ear dish that was pretty spectacular.  The fried cheese curds were also a nice bite size appetizers.I don't think I'll come back if I am ever back in Denver."}, {"review_id": "4UmtMNizPHao2tYaFFhATQ", "user_id": "2QX1jqsbaaMulrd13zC7pQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "Came here for happy hour and was not disappointed! We got the bone marrow and duck poutine fries and a glass of red wine. The bone marrow on top of the bread was so rich and flavorful! The duck poutine fries was also heavy and filled with gravy deliciousness. The decor and history of the place was very cool and unique!"}, {"review_id": "g8axOPwkQCTF2xZ14MSQEA", "user_id": "kZbVbrvYlbMJa6Z-3FnOdg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/25/2017", "text": "Musssels in Colorado? YES! I really enjoyed my lunch here and it was delicious!!They also have chicken and waffles and great brews on tap :) Highly recommend!"}, {"review_id": "p4_VgbiT2H2iEUdy_CyRbQ", "user_id": "NoEovvGJM8-VW_PIntWCtA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/15/2018", "text": "My boyfriend and I visited Euclid for a late lunch and had the restaurant all to ourselves. Our first impression of the establishment is that it is very big and we could see immediately why it is voted so highly on the atmosphere! The interior is very roomy and comfortable with brick walls and large industrial filament lights. There are tons of seating options from bars to booths to family tables to picnic benches.Now the food and drinks: There is such a huge selection for beer! So many choices of beer on tap, cocktails, and wine - you'll be able to find one you'll love no doubt!As for food, I got the bone marrow, Wagyu beef tartare, and beef short rib kielbasa. The dishes also came with four samples of mustards! Everything I ate here was every carnivore's dream! The Wagyu Tartare started the meal off - it was both refreshing and filling with the outside cucumber wrap and rich Wagyu beef inside. I loved the complex flavors and melt in your mouth texture. The beef short rib kielbasa was also a winner! I've never had one until now, so I have no way to know if the kielbasa tasted like what kielbasas are supposed to. However, this one was absolutely delicious and went perfectly with the mustards! Finally, the bone marrow!! I have been dying to get some good quality bone marrow for months, and I went to Euclids for this purpose after seeing other reviews. I'm so glad I got to enjoy the best bone marrow I've ever had in my life while in Denver. The bone marrow was perfectly roasted that it melted in my mouth like butter instantly. The flavors were amazing too. I'm not sure which seasonings were used but I was reminded of a mixture of Szechuan spices, duck, Cayenne, and Nashville spice - all of which are my favorite things! The complex rich flavor of the bone marrow as well as the perfectly cooked texture make this bone marrow a life changing experience. You MUST try this if you're here and have never had bone marrow before!!"}, {"review_id": "b47nhOjYyI_ifRP1bHmx5Q", "user_id": "tvf-Rp4XmuFglNatRD_gGA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "This is a great hipster style restaurant. The pig ear Pad Thai is phenomenal. One of the most unique and delightful dishes I have ever had. The serving sizes are sizeable so watch out. The squid Mac and cheese is interesting in concept but wasn't that great when I had it. Bone marrow was huge but I think it needed something tangy to offset. Fois grad is average but well priced. Short rib kielbasa was no big deal."}, {"review_id": "8qSq-EbcPngozfKvx4ZHfg", "user_id": "OKkb450FY2cLXbwrFOPC-g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/10/2017", "text": "We've been meaning to come here for a while now, and finally got around to it. Glad we did! Euclid Hall has a massive beer menu and while the food menu is somewhat limited, everything we got was great.We ordered the miso maple eggplant to share, and it was really good. The eggplant was tender and the flavors were delicious. It's hard to cook eggplant right, but they nailed it. My boyfriend got the chicken and waffles after having really disappointing chicken and waffles yesterday at a different place. Happy to say that the chicken waffles here were miles better. The chicken wasn't dry, the breading was flavorful, and the waffle was nice and crispy. The syrup was on the side, as it should be. I had the chicken sandwich, which was also really good. It wasn't the best chicken sandwich I've ever had, but the chicken was tender and juicy and the sweet pickles and peppers really added that extra touch of flavor. I also had an Epic coffee stout, which I was happy to see on the beer menu because it's one of my favorite beers. You can get nearly any kind of beer you could possibly want here. They also have a pretty extensive selection of liquors. I'm only rating 4 stars because the menu is mostly meats and sausages, which I'm sure many people love but personally I don't eat sausage or red meat so it was limited for me. Overall though I'd come back for sure next time I'm in the mood for fried chicken or unique beers."}, {"review_id": "47ipK1sa9jPCKBUG4H3fyg", "user_id": "OSEadf0yz3oWqoGLche3DQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "Dammit!  Wish I had more time to try the menu out a bit.  Only had time for drinks but the unconventional menu looks exciting!  Beer was cold, whiskey was solid, service was prompt but tight lipped.  Cheers!  4 Stars for a solid happy hour spot, need to try the chow soon."}, {"review_id": "cCNnoKkVcGD142EMJdyXEQ", "user_id": "qkVSiZRit66R9EQ6Ra_sQg", "rating": 2.0, "date": "2/21/2018", "text": "A word to the wise if you are traveling with kids: this is neither a particularly good nor family friendly restaurant.Service was slooooooooow. Took an hour to get any food. Both wine and beer pours were skimpy to the point of ridiculousness. Everything arrived overcooked (sausages blackened). Expensive ingredients like foie gras in the poutine were nary to be found. Restaurant is so dark and noisy you can't hear or see anything. Choices for children were limited, even if they are on the adventurous side. The food was so charred upon arrival that it was unappealing to all but particularly to kids.Everything about this restaurant was a disappointment. A definite waste of a meal in a city with lots of great food."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/euclid-hall-bar-and-kitchen-denver?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]