[[{"review_id": "laGknBZyztnegk3Inf4QWA", "user_id": "W0DGyF1Q_02XlA0uNXGx6w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/1/2018", "text": "Firstly, Garret the waiter is the best ever. He was our fabulous guide on exactly what we should get. The food was AMAZING!!! Seriously this is a must hit spot. We couldn't even finish our food. That gravy!!!!"}, {"review_id": "kUT5kHtdSS0qgJsqG8QKqw", "user_id": "0swAPp666O--h36gRcbDUg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "This place has been on my list since we moved to Denver. The building on broadway is always busy and there's usually a wait so go early!!!! While you wait there is self serve coffee which is good and you get to pick your own mug which is always fun! There was a shortage of coffee when we were there, if you encounter this just ask they'll bring out more. Now I lived in Tennessee for a bit and have not found a place that served biscuits as good as I had there until Denver Biscuit CO. I got the Elmer and it was phenomenal!!! Highly recommend it!I do wish there were a few more lighter biscuit sandwich options but I guess one doesn't think 'light' when talking about biscuits. It would be nice to have a few options in local or homemade jams for plain biscuits. Definitely will be back when I need a biscuit fix as they're amazing! As for the restaurant it's self they have board games! Take advantage of them while you wait or while you eat!"}, {"review_id": "74WK72iXAhBIlZHDb_6kjA", "user_id": "0S-tX_rmrIQz39E1bUPA0A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "I recently visited Denver and one of my friends told me that I needed to try Denver Biscuit Company. I was NOT disappointed. The food was amazing. My wife and I ordered drinks and food. The food came out fast and hot. Before ordering the waitress discovered that we were visiting from out-of-town so she was instrumental in assisting us in choosing a dish that would suit our taste buds. She was spot on. I know for sure I will be returning to Colorado. Denver Biscuit Company will be my traditional stop every time I return. The only thing I would change is not making any plans after eating here. I was so full, I just wanted to nap."}, {"review_id": "-UaSRGJZxKiFbU-TVxDdww", "user_id": "ZbC2cZdjPqQwJAz4CSPS4w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "After finishing off The Lola, my wife stated \"Fried Chicken will never be the same again!\"Getting the fried chicken here is a Must! It is so tender and juicy and melts in your mouth! The biscuits were also super fluffy and tasty. I wish I had a bigger stomach to eat more than one Lola. Nothing better than chicken, bacon, and maple syrup. We also got a vegetable pot pie which was amazing as well! Just be warned, you may have major food coma after coming here. I can't wait to come back one day!!!"}, {"review_id": "0Z88Gw6AB5SBZaoAVSXufA", "user_id": "fpd2lMQBqNNXmWVrYlnOfA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "The Franklin ($9.95) was a treat for this non-local.The freshly baked buttermilk biscuit was soft to the touch. The fried chicken was tender and moist, yet crispy on the outside. The texture of the bacon wasn't spectacular, but I shouldn't complain about the added flavor. This meal would've been very dry if it wasn't for the (melted!) cheddar cheese and gravy. The sunny-side up egg was well worth that additional $1. Who would have thought that a biscuit sandwich could be so delicious?"}, {"review_id": "pP8vhSafzJdrlkdqxciQOA", "user_id": "X4u8wI5u5c0sUjplJ9Ahlg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/16/2018", "text": "Went here for dinner on the way home from the airport. I ordered the Elmer and my girlfriend ordered the Winona and we both got beers. The biscuits here are terrific. Fluffy wonderfulness. I liked the Elmer. The pork was a little tough and the BBQ sauce wasn't out of this world, but it was a great sandwich none the less. I didn't like the sound of the Winona, I was skeptical, but it was delicious. I may have even liked it more than me. The interior was nice as well as our waiter. They had a pretty good beer selection too. Next time I'm in Denver I'm coming back here for sure."}, {"review_id": "5FDodi9AYlDOo0YgGEp5iQ", "user_id": "4qsQ0a9qXg9LvGwacqL17w", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/11/2018", "text": "When I decided to come here via word of mouth, my expectations were pretty high and from all the photos I saw online I expected something pretty amazing. The reality of my experience although good, was nothing I would call stellar. On arrival, I knew there was going to be a wait and we got on the list and was told it would be about 45 minutes for 2 people. It was pretty full and that's not totally unheard of for a popular place boasted so highly, so I accepted.After waiting for an hour, I returned to ask where we were on the list and explained we were told 45 minutes and its now been an hour. I was told that we were 2nd from the top now and it should only be another 10 minutes or so. 30 more minutes go by and I go back to ask once again and I am told that they are getting a table ready right now and it will be a couple minutes. I waited inside this time and looking around there were a couple empty booths and seats that were clean and no one was at. Another couple next to me was complaining about the same thing. About 10 minutes later we are taken to one of the booths that were empty the whole time and finally get to sit down.I ended up ordering the Ellsworth which to me looked amazing from all the pictures, and my girlfriend got the Franklin. On arrival, which took about 30 minutes, everything was room temperature which I'm still not sure if that's on purpose or not. My biscuit was pretty old and crumbled instantly when I tried to take a bite which felt underwhelming and a little frustrating given my hopes. It was dry and somewhat bland. The fried chicken inside however was pretty amazing and was tender and juicy which paired with a nice honey on top which worked well together. On the Franklin, with my girlfriend being from Texas, she was very not happy with the housemade sausage gravy which she said was on level with what she got from Popeye's. She ended up scrapping it off and just eating the chicken, which was also pretty amazing. Her biscuit was a little better but i'm suspecting is from the gravy, it was a bit dry though. Overall, I have to say that I really wasn't very satisfied of impressed with anything I got, and the wait time was pretty unnecessary, and I felt like it was either a major staffing problem or the girls at the front had no idea what they were doing. Would I return? Honestly its a little tough to say, but I think if I knew I could be seated in a timely manner and given hot fresh food, I would give it another try. Otherwise probably not given everything and the price which was pretty high for what I received."}, {"review_id": "5aUNTi4WKqEV4fXVp7131Q", "user_id": "WrHCEpls59Uu4XNXNaK7fw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "I know what you're thinking. \"Another biscuit place? It can't be any better than the last one that I went to.\" Oh, but it can. Denver Biscuit Co. isn't riding the wave of biscuit sandwich glory, it's setting the standard.Don't make any plans for after you eat here. Food coma guaranteed. We got the cinnamon roll (So good! We were eating leftovers of this for two days!), the dahlia on french toast biscuits, sweet potato fries, and the lola. Everything was delicious! Definitely get the french toast biscuits if you're going with the dahlia. The sandwich was like a grown-up version of a McGriddle and way tastier. The sausage was really delicious and paired so perfectly with the syrup and french toast. Perfection. Fried chicken was moist, crispy, perfectly cooked. And the sweet potato fries were the unsung heroes of this meal. So crisp, toasty, and yummy. They also came with this terrific dipping sauce and they held up great for a snack later the next day.Believe the hype. Enjoy the biscuits."}, {"review_id": "64ildKKoeT1hl9xKeJy-Ng", "user_id": "QqPUPl9aUmTHliBbjqri2Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Enjoyed a nice breakfast with the wife and daughter here during the work week. Not busy at all and located in the Stanley near Stapleton. I had a cordon bleu biscuit that was absolutely delicious! Don't hesitate to try this place out if you're ever in the area. Prices are very friendly as well as the staff. Enjoy!"}, {"review_id": "qCdde6cpkodMf-aWLu_XtQ", "user_id": "2saL4DAwJpbz_hoCuxVlIQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "If you're in Denver and in a brunch mood there is no better place to be!  The Franklin biscuit breakfast sandwich with fried chicken and sausage gravy was out of this world good! Plus the cinnamon bun was stellar with icing I could eat with a spoon! Be prepared to wait for this ground breaking brunch! Well worth the wait if you ask me! Definitely a top spot in the Denver!"}, {"review_id": "grOg8FlNqLNE3_ZBPiYOKA", "user_id": "WMK-2Su_q2GoxhchmotOsw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/10/2018", "text": "I was lucky enough to tag along on my fiance's work trip to beautiful CO and my coworker recommended DBC. This place is worth the wait.  Okay, I really didn't wait that long because we went during the week but would be worth any wait. I wanted a classic breakfast spread so I went with the Three Run Double. The biscuit is everything I could have dreamed of: hot, buttery,  pillowy,  crispy and flakey. And then with the honey butter...omfg. Self-serve coffee bar was clutch for the short wait. Also loved the eclectic collection of mugs. Friendly staff.  Highly recommend to anyone I know visiting Denver. I will make sure I go back here next time I visit because i need to try a cinnamon roll. There's a reason this place is so highly rated with this many reviews."}, {"review_id": "1Xpl1d6Rqg1JPetPUptQ0Q", "user_id": "1jLThvvGOqxZGGqmadXAPg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/23/2018", "text": "Another must when you are in the area. One of the best biscuit sandwiches I have ever tried. Coming from Portland, it reminds me a bit of Pine State Biscuits, but better.I highly recommend adding the egg to any sandwich, and if your sandwich does not come with gravy, get a side of it! You will not be disappointed. P.S. Even if you are full, based on reviews, pictures, and seeing it in person, I would probably just get the \"Giant Biscuit Cinnamon Roll.\" Even if it is to-go."}, {"review_id": "ZWPXTRGilD6g-48Gn6mXcQ", "user_id": "dZnAKMbB14tXNxPr2GKggw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "5 stars based on the vegetarian biscuit pot pie. We are vegetarians and basically every item on the biscuit menu (besides pot pie) had meat and there were no meat substitutes listed on the menu. We were seated at the high top counter behind the bar and the server (bartender) was super friendly and chatty. He even convinced my boyfriend to try an over-easy egg on his pot pie, which my boyfriend turned out to love! In-house hot sauces were unique and delicious. Pizza was available but we didn't try it.While we waited for our table, we played pool in the back. Our table was called and we weren't done playing, so they had us put our coats down at the table and said we could finish our game before we sat down- loved their flexibility! Cool, eclectic vibe and the pot pie was awesome!"}, {"review_id": "WyyWEyC-vzH3JqeL7q5eqw", "user_id": "8RnCxLbxeZHIslUfWvt7EQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "We called earlier in the day to ask if their biscuits had any eggs in them (because of allergy concerns) and they told us that they don't. We showed up and waited about an hour to get a table. We were very excited to try the biscuits and finally when we got to the table, the waiter told us that all the biscuits had eggs in them. My friends still had the biscuit plates and they said they were great! I instead ended up having the yogurt and a slice of pizza. The pizza wasnt that bad actually! The iced tea and the iced lattes were probably the tastiest spiked coffee drinks I've had!"}, {"review_id": "Px5XU3jSYLL47b2_4VI6nQ", "user_id": "8PBVMyLCEnI4jdkUUKEfFA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/23/2018", "text": "I would recommend this place to anyone visiting Denver.  My friend insisted that we go there when I was in town visiting.  I couldn't imagine waiting the hour and half to two hours on a snowy Sunday morning for a biscuit sandwich.  We clearly weren't the only ones willing to wait.  They had the patio covered with heaters, even a coffee station out there too.  Inside at the bar, they even had a designated waiting area to order the classic morning cocktails.  I just appreciated that space so the other guests who were sitting at the bar, enjoying brunch, didn't have people constantly over them ordering and paying.  Great idea!When we were sat after what didn't seem like nearly two hours, we were greeted by Shannon.  She took great care of us without being overbearing or too much.  She was quick, efficient, and still gave us time to look over the menu and decide what we wanted.I asked her her opinion on what sandwiches she'd recommend.  Most people order the Franklin which is friend chicken, cheddar cheese, and bacon covered in gravy.  I choose to add an egg, even though it wasn't over easy like I asked, I was totally fine with the quality of the sandwich!  You also choose if you want sausage or mushroom gravy or a combination of both!  I loved the combination!  If you haven't tried the mushroom gravy, I would!After a great meal with great service, I will definitely be back when I'm in Denver again.  Don't let the wait scare you off!"}, {"review_id": "ZAfflfLktR9cjkv-xXnmmA", "user_id": "VYd-ApFkfKlUXyDmKhN39Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/21/2018", "text": "This place is still the most amazing biscuit restaurant I have ever eaten at. For the longest time I wondered why restaurants sell T-shirt's and branded merch. Let me tell you, as soon as I took a bite of my biscuit, I immediately asked for a T-shirt to purchase. I am local to Orlando and still have not been able to find a biscuit to give me the feelings Denver Biscuit Co has. I feel like I'm heartbroken over a first love.. sometimes I find myself on your Yelp page, scrolling, just missing ya, wanting to make sure you're still doing well..One day we shall meet again Denver Biscuit Company. The place in my heart will forever be yours. 09.03.2016 to eternity..."}, {"review_id": "zHcyETtMaTgk4hsvJtWz-g", "user_id": "PhmMWBBQda24K9z6b9R-sA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "1/13/2018", "text": "Hmmm, i had high hopes for this place but when we came here for lunch it was underwhelming.Let me list the ways this place kinda feel short.1) we had to wait roughly one hour to get seated, which I don't mind... Except for the fact that there were empty booths and tables.  I don't understand why restaurants make people wait that long if they have tables available...2) the waitress recommend the dahlia biscut... Which is pretty much a more expensive mcgriddle.  However the Franklin she recommended was a good choice.3) when finishing the meal, it took a while for them to come by and get our credit card to pay.To recap, the biscuits are kinda pricy, the service was lacking and the wait was not cool at all. I don't think I'd recommend this place to anyone else."}, {"review_id": "axnKxJBuz5OqoUMi6_KCrQ", "user_id": "jF_vE7-hsuw850zuvr4-yg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/1/2018", "text": "Couldn't-be-better biscuits and cinnamon rolls here (with bacon). Definitely recommend the Franklin with egg for the biscuit-- fried chicken is the way to start the morning. Also, no wait if you come at 8am sharp (there were no tables by 8:20am on a Saturday). The later crowd seems to come later though so I don't see the wait being too bad if you came a bit later. Coffee is self-serve with a cute station."}, {"review_id": "BmOYF9zuuf4jG2cxki7Aww", "user_id": "PZVzrQyho4dKAqX_yQZJVQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "This is a MUST when you come into Denver! My gf and I fly in from MINNESOTA & we make sure never to miss out on these bad boys! You'll def have to wait but it's so worth itMake sure to order a SUPER MIMOSA - so yummy!"}, {"review_id": "3Y4NKZ8pDpNT60HeZAVd0g", "user_id": "40XSG7oByaX1SIb8y3gyOw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/23/2018", "text": "Stopped in for a late breakfast/early lunch on a Thursday. The place was already pretty full, but we gave the hostess our number and told us about 20 minutes for a table of 2 and we could order drinks from the bar (between the two metal handles) in the in the meantime. I can appreciate a business that is well organized to plan ahead and have a plan for where waiting customers can order a drink without running into the waiters. We ordered the sangria that was on the menu while we waited. It was fruity and tasty. We were seated in their outdoor covered and heated patio. As someone who prefers their food separated, I ordered the Thee Run Double, while the boyfriend ordered the Franklin. To my surprise, I was told they do not serve just egg whites when I tried to order my eggs for my meal. The Franklin is a behemoth of a biscuit breakfast sandwich. I had a single bite and I have to admit, it tasted great. The Three Run Double was pretty standard breakfast fair, but the sausage was deliciously spicy."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/denver-biscuit-co-denver-17?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]