[[{"review_id": "ntRZKfr_FTngv0_Dbdd-kw", "user_id": "fyVSl_fjJQ5T86M0N87njw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "Food was great as usual.  Something was going on because the line was out the door.  Lines moved pretty smoothly but people were slow ordering.We got a sampling of everything and enjoyed it all.  Seating was adequate for the large crowd."}, {"review_id": "7XZ-mrMS2HYj-Z70V3OuIw", "user_id": "-x7J22U4j5Eds3Hz8g6Pjg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "With roots in Texas, Rudy's has slowly expanded westward to give more people a taste of their fantastic BBQ.There's a good variety of meats to choose from: brisket, brisket moist, turkey, pork loin, baby back ribs, chicken, sausage, prime rib, and pulled pork. Everything is sold a la carte and pricing is by the half pound. Samples are provided to help you make the best decision possible. Sandwiches and sides are also available. I prefer their moist brisket, baby back ribs and the turkey breast.The moist brisket has a bunch of marbling, which means it has a ton of flavor. The meat is true to its name and is indeed moist. There's a delicious smoky crust on the meat and when you put it in your mouth, it just melts and releases so much flavor. Each slice is thickly cut, tender and juicy.The baby back ribs don't quite fall off the bone, but they're close. There's a good amount on meat on each rib and it's tender and flavorful. There isn't any sauce on them, but 2 types of BBQ sauce are provided at each table. I personally prefer the sissy sauce over their house sauce because it's got more of a rich and peppery flavor, while the house is tangier.The turkey had a nice smoky and peppery flavor to it. Like all the other meats, it was succulent, juicy and tender.I like that everything is sold by the 1/2 pound so you can really customize your order to different varieties of meat and how voracious your appetite is. Pricing is really reasonable and you can just order a ton of meat to take home for days when you don't want to cook. Because it's sold a la carte, it can be paired with basically anything. The cashiers are very friendly and helpful and the meat is cut quickly and weighed in front of you."}, {"review_id": "8SoWsC32D1-opRV_WoKpDg", "user_id": "P-xmfjALCPXhFNsR1ACeSw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "Good ole fashion Cue! Well done with many options good down home food.  Usually, I must confess I don't get my barbecue at the same place where I fill up my truck.  Those two together kinda makes me think of Bubbas tire store, beauty salon and BBQ pit when I think of BBQ places in the Midwest and South.  Having lived in both I can say that!Ok, back to the BBQ at hand.  I like how you can get brisket lean or fat it has great flavor. I love the BBQ sauce, dessert and the soda pop selections too!   This is an easy review they just do a lot very well and you don't have to wait in line long to get your crub win-win!  My only regret is not taking pics to show you.   That's because I started eaten it the second I got it."}, {"review_id": "Ofr_YH0W788-iQk5_oBVDQ", "user_id": "XufItBcOwCqaE1wTUp5JhQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "If you're in Colorado Springs and down for some good BBQ, I would highly recommend Rudy's! The menu is simple and straight forward. You order meat by weight and pick up drinks, sides, and desserts on your way to the register. Once you order, the cashier puts the meat on the scale to show you exactly how much you're getting. They give you a large basket to put all your food in. You can also ask for sliced bread - free of charge! We ordered 1/2lb of the Brisket, Moist and 1/2lb of the Prime Rib (only served on Fri, Sat, and Sun). We got a pint of Rudy's beans and potato salad. To finish off, we got the banana pudding. The brisket and prime rib were both delicious. They were both tender, juicy, and smoky. I'd love to go back to try the other meats they offer. They also have sandwiches and sausages! Highly recommended!"}, {"review_id": "1Xpa9CePUXL2P7YVg39A0g", "user_id": "gthdAFBTwFeOrPZQKnlvUg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/8/2018", "text": "I tried the one in El paso before and felt it would be a safe bet in Colorado springs. Its located in old Town in a more.. rural area. By rural I mean no diversity and camo hats everywhere. Anyway, I got in line with only 2 people in front of me and by the time I was about to order, there were 2 full lines of people behind me. I went up and ordered from a really nice guy. I asked him if I should do new potatoes or the Chile Verde soup and he said to have the chili. I had the potatoes before so I figured he was right and tried it. I then ordered 3 meats and waited. The chili was really good, a bit salty but flavorful. Cutters choice brisket was a bit dry and should have went with the moist cut as that was a lot better.The pulled pork was incredibly tasty and probably my favorite thing that I ordered. The jalapeno sausage tasted like a regular smoked sausage but with a hint of jalapeno spice. I probably wouldn't get this again.With the leftovers, I mixed it with scrambled eggs from the hotel breakfast area and it was darn good. It's a solid place to go to and next time I'm near one I know what to get vs what not to get."}, {"review_id": "E8vp6IOALdvExJL1GPR9BQ", "user_id": "3xFvJb9eDIRFIC7FyZ9l3A", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/27/2018", "text": "After eating at Rudy's in Texas, I was excited to visit this location.  Decent BBQ, but the brisket and ribs, weren't quite on par with the Texas branches.  Ordered the \"moist brisket\", which had a good amount of fat but just didn't seem to have enough smoke and almost no visible smoke ring, almost tasted like corned beef.  The ribs were tender, but seasoned with a little too much coarse pepper, and again, not a lot of smoke.  Good place for a quick bite, just not as good as the Rudy's chains in Texas."}, {"review_id": "uQ-38d-B7tpr9BrHcbEvVA", "user_id": "wVyaKfDO9jpbx_EyYI5snw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/17/2018", "text": "I'm from Texas, where Rudy's originated, so I was so excited to stop in and get a little taste of home. The environment is exactly the same as back in TX, which I loved, a very large, southern, communal style that made me feel like home. The BBQ was a little bit of a disappointment, almost everything was dry. The brisket was pretty good, but very fatty, the turkey tasted good but was slightly dry, but the worst part was the pork ribs- I'm not exaggerating, these were the driest, toughest ribs I've had and the taste wasn't really redeeming either. I didn't eat mine. What I did love was their pork green chili, it was awesome! Very rich and delicious with bits of brisket, I loved it! Overall, I wanted to love it because the service and staff was so friendly and I love Rudy's in Texas, but they need to step up their game on the BBQ, maybe because they're doing such large volume, attention isn't placed on the quality as much. But I'm hoping  that they refine their techniques and put more emphasis on the product because I would love to come back!"}, {"review_id": "ETihIPzBfVR9q6SmC-4w9A", "user_id": "I0W7p0YsXpyJoBRW04yl0g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/3/2018", "text": "we have now visited the Rudys in Co Springs and greeley and they were both superb ! good ol' Texas barbecue ( barbeque ? )  the spicey pork was so succulent we had to leave with a pound of it for later in the day . Every piece of meat we tried was soft and juicy , I can honestly say I haven't experienced such an easy to cut or bite in years . Pretty D**n good bar-b as far as I can tell . the sides of beans were thick and tangy . Good stuff : cant wait for the next one to open in Denver (?) Thank you Rudy's ."}, {"review_id": "4iI2pUz15O5MCPwQ4nEoUw", "user_id": "ox0DtIS-AzUiVeGFkIvlMQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "12/30/2017", "text": "Rudy's bas been a favorite stop of mine when I'm working in the Springs.  Their Moist Brisket is fabulous.... When it's fabulous.  The only issue I've encountered is consistency.  The quality of the meat can go down when it's not busy, it seems to sit around for awhile and get dry and chewy.But when it's busy, this is some good Brisket.  Hence the half hour line out the door!  Their sides are basic BBQ fare, I particularly enjoy their hot creamed corn and their potato salad.The meats are ordered by weight, weighed in front of you, and served with as much white bread as you want.  The condiment bar is loaded with hot peppers, pickles, onions, and their two sauces, hot and sweet, don't disappoint.I keep stopping by, because Brisket!  But I do wish the consistency were a bit more... Consistent."}, {"review_id": "TE3klzueLjhoxH7QMA7k7A", "user_id": "6QtAzARzevq_1bbUfm5RWg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "I love to try BBQ everywhere I go so I am pretty picky but this little joint is the best I had in Colorado. Everything is so good here and the service is incredibly fast. While you order the guy is literally slicing off freshly smoked brisket onto you plate and hands it to you. Great spot, we miss this place a lot and can't wait to be back."}, {"review_id": "mZ9o4vmCIWDcwydC928P3A", "user_id": "4V7NnCxpHQQTJq8cIDqKwQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/9/2018", "text": "I don't think it's hyperbole to say that Rudy's has the BEST barbecue in Colorado! As soon as you approach, the overwhelming aroma of smoked meats fill the air, and you know you're in a very special place. The lines here can get brutal, but be patient and wait it out. Once you order at the counter, you're given your food immediately, so your wait is worth it! I highly recommend their brisket, smoked potato, and banana pudding, my personal favorite meal here. Once you have your food, pull up a seat at one of their long community tables and get ready to dig in! This is the perfect place to celebrate surviving the Manitou Springs Incline. Or just to celebrate delicious meat. Your choice."}, {"review_id": "VbUIePfDT9uM-iM9KrP9pg", "user_id": "g7-RxQUNUQcvDdhZpALUCw", "rating": 2.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "Honestly... it's was below average. Some things were ok and others bland. WTF is that coleslaw? That was actually the worst coleslaw I've ever had... It was basically unsalted raw cabbage. The beans were too sweet for my taste, but I guess that's a preference. I had the moist brisket that tasted decent with a smoky taste, but nothing special. My husband had the prime rib that night that bizarrely had no flavor, just bland. We both had the jalapeño sausage that was pretty good tho. I'm just having a really hard time understanding the hype..."}, {"review_id": "QI_98SNp1ZBgo4oGcgb57Q", "user_id": "iMscFNf0xrwYzsaFA1oaFw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/8/2018", "text": "From the moment you step out of the car you can smell whatever is cooking in the smoker, you know you picked the right place for lunch. As you walk in you notice a large area with mostly family style seating, plenty of room for everyone. The line was long for lunch but luckily they moved quickly. I'm a big brisket fan and haven't found brisket that stands out, but today I did. When you order they cut it off the roast and weigh it right in front of you, and you get to pick from lean or moist cut. I didn't get any sides and regret not going for some baked beans. The only negative for me was that you eat right off the butcher paper. Call me old fashioned but I never thought I'd miss a plate. Make sure to fill up your car with gas on the way out- seriously. I'll be back to try some other items on the menu!"}, {"review_id": "LUNGFCVGfDkboSotjLWjvw", "user_id": "eA2A7jQIDpeeqXQ53H_tGg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/5/2018", "text": "Warning - Vegans should not read. I've been to a number of Rudy's BBQ restaurants and never have I left hungry, disappointed, and not wanting more. Rudy's does Texas BBQ like the little baby Jesus intended. If cows sole purpose was to sacrifice their briskets to one semi-chain bbq joint it would choose Rudy's. There would be a line of cattle outside their doors so they can sacrifice their selves to be smoked here. I've probably had better BBQ somewhere in Texas but not much. When you walk in there's an instant smoke smell, a turnstile that you go through to order your food. They have about 4 cashiers blazing through the line. Make sure you grab your bottle beers, bottled sodas, and cold sides before you get to the cashier. Then you order your food and they yell back to their meat cutters what your getting. Simple, efficient, and smooth. They serve all your food in an old soda tray on butchers paper. As you leave the cashier there's a station with jalapeños, onions, and pickle chips. Stock up on as much as you want, find a seat at one of the pick nick tables, and grub down. I ordered the brisket, jalapeño sausage, green chili stew, and Cole slaw. The slaw was pretty traditional, a little sweet, not too tangy, but tasted great. It's enjoyable as a side for bbq. Next I had the green chili stew. I was expecting more of a traditional Colorado green chili but it was an actual stew. It had potatoes, and plenty of meat and veggies. It was good, not what I was expecting nor did I love it but it was complex, and satisfying. Next up the jalapeño sausage. Holy crap that was amazing. Great smoky flavor, cooked to perfection, and damn good. After I finished that I moved on to the brisket. It was very lean which isn't my first choice but it had a great smoke ring, and bark. You know you're getting legit bbq when you drive by the piles of wood behind the restaurant. This place was great as always. It's the second best Texas bbq I've had in Colorado. The only other place that is better is a small food trailer in Littleton. Other than that you will not be disappointed. My meal cost $17 which was a tad higher than I want to spend on one meal but I won't have to eat again until June. Or it's plenty to share. But when I say my body is by bbq I mean it."}, {"review_id": "2JO7QYL-hzYnEzdwzsd1GA", "user_id": "_5FbsL_EpnY1yEhpFcqRaQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/2/2018", "text": "Clean, smells wonderful, fun seating and... amazing meat. I only come for the meat. Their BRISKET, the sausage, the chicken, all of it is great!! The only reason that I do not give it 5 stars is the sides lack the 5-star rating. Their beans are okay. The potatoes are okay and bread, well its only bread, something that I can buy at the grocery store. But still, go for the meat!! It's so worth it!"}, {"review_id": "RIcrQOkoqKL8LyvNSINcFQ", "user_id": "wK_b3FdnB3OV2oNIIMHuaw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "Service was sub-par. Called in for a first-time, yet simple order of brisket and two sides.I was down the street at the dog park and waited 30 minutes to head to the location. After arriving, the young lady at the front said \"oh we don't have your order, but I remember your order so I'll put it in and expedite it.\"While she did do that, the order should have been ready -1 star. Second, the bbq was not good. The only saving grace were the sides. Even the 'pecan pie' was packaged from some random and Oman in another location as the label stated. I am from Georgia and have lived in Texas , Oklahoma and Tennessee throughout my military tenure and this BBQ is just not good. You've been forewarned. I was less mad they forgot to place my order than in as with the taste and quality of the protein and dessert items. Try Dickey's, Bird dog bbq is even worse than this place."}, {"review_id": "TOmR5OJFvqHXfLw93awyrQ", "user_id": "jWJGTZGk2B6kMYCQcaHtSg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/10/2018", "text": "Fun experience!   Enjoy picking out an old-fashioned soda or a beer from the stock tank as you wait to place your order.   The two brisket choices are melt in your mouth good.   Pulled pork was zesty and delicious.  Add sides of Rudy's beans and green chili.   Don't forget to ask for your bread to tie it all together.   Enjoy the fun atmosphere!"}, {"review_id": "jHcdDNLXyc_FAZChNsLthQ", "user_id": "2ipLS8R2mAarV9XtLyOrgg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "The brisket and pulled pork are definitely a must try. You definitely get more bang for your buck buying the meat by the pound since they offer you free bread. If you buy a sandwich your basically wasting your money for a 1/3lb of meat on a bun. You can always buy a bun if you don't want slices bread. Only thing we wish is that they had meals with different meats vs buying everything a la carte. Overall, pretty good food."}, {"review_id": "vfO3GN3Vhu6yxF0X_McC2A", "user_id": "xRkOpMES_IdQXdcVZ0Z3wQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "7/24/2017", "text": "I have tried Rudy's BBQ in Austin, TX and really enjoyed it, so I was pleasantly surprised to see the chain in Colorado Springs. I immediately recognized the exterior and convinced my car to stop in. You walk in and wait in line for the counter, picking up your drinks and refrigerated sides while you're waiting in line. The line moves pretty quickly - it went all the way to the back and it only took up 15-20 minutes to reach the front. You order meat by the pound at the front, they retrieve it for you and put it into a tray, then you seat yourself wherever is open. Beware, no plates here! I like to get extra paper boats to dip my meat into BBQ sauce. We ordered 1 lb of prime rib,  1/2 lb of pork loin, and  1/2 lb of moist brisket. The prime rib was super juicy and delicious. The moist brisket was smoky and yummy. I would pass on the pork loin, it was a bit dry. I would definitely try the ribs next time. For sides, we got creamed corn, corn on the cob, and cole slaw. Rudy's has the best creamed corn I have ever had. I want to find the recipe and recreate it. Pass on the corn on the cob and the cole slaw, as both were pretty bland and not satisfying. I definitely think Rudy's is worth stopping by! It's by no means the best BBQ in Colorado, but it's quick, filling, and oh so satisfying."}, {"review_id": "JUgCSLXuSb2Ik-7NJK-dNg", "user_id": "WsKy69OqYWJkCtK4_Gpsew", "rating": 2.0, "date": "4/27/2018", "text": "Great barbeque.  Which is why I drove 15 miles in heavy traffic to stop by.  I asked for THREE sauces.  I got ONE.   For one half chicken and 1/2 of turkey, that takes cheap to a whole new level.  Maybe they were just out, but I would have happily taken other sauce besides the original if that was the case."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/rudys-country-store-and-bar-b-q-colorado-springs-3?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]