[[{"review_id": "3WjsFRvhFLVeEM93qPpfAQ", "user_id": "Zr_BWG5W6zvuqtpLOt5B_Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/22/2018", "text": "The Geo-trekker exhibit is much more than  12 minutes in a surround sound high tech theater with the best presentation on the formation of the Garden of the Gods. You are inside the earth with boiling molten rock one minute, tromping around with the local Dinos, then soaring over today's rock formations the next. Wow, what a trip for only $7 for an adult. Please take your elderly parents or grandparents because this exhibit is handicap accessible and along with the way fun Trolley ride for $20 (departing from the lower floor) they'll forget their aches and pains and enjoy a delightful day out. Bundle up for cool weather. Even if you're in shirt sleeves the open trolley can be cool."}, {"review_id": "6aO0_8YA8GMPw0a1BB3rWQ", "user_id": "bBjA6x6vUvZgcslWkfFVnQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/18/2018", "text": "Beautiful place, but the number of people makes it a little tough to thoroughly enjoy. I figured there will be some tough hiking, etc. simple walk and if you're looking for a peaceful hike/ walk this is more like a tourist scenery attraction."}, {"review_id": "_Ze-UvKeVYbI7rQgQjohNQ", "user_id": "k015T7ELC5LKRXizIvbQKQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/14/2018", "text": "An absolute must if you are visiting Colorado Springs. I live here, got married at the GOG Resort and driving through Garden of the Gods still takes my breath away every time. The visitor center has great Colorado items for purchase and one of the best views with Pikes Peak is seen from here."}, {"review_id": "i9rZzRjcv48rxHqrRXqhSg", "user_id": "j2sNN6zx9qGqoB1qeRNERw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "A definite must visit spot when you're in Colorado Springs. The center is suitable for all types of fitness levels, and the area is gorgeous. You can drive through the center, walk the paved paths, or if you're fit and have rock climbing experience, bring your gear and climb the different rock formations found here. This is the perfect place for a stroll or drive on a nice day. Make sure to stop by the visitor center and pickup a map if it's your first time here, so that you can easily find your way around!"}, {"review_id": "3eZC0EXtM3dEBtKd1UTBvQ", "user_id": "LC_o79IQTseA2Qi41v_rMg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "Wow! Stunning views met with a rich history and spiritual vibes. We drove through the Garden of the Gods as many people raved about the trails here. A family friendly experience met fresh air and a convenient trail looping 360 degrees - this is a terrific national monument that was donated to the City of Colorado several years ago. A must see! Whether you are an avid climber in gear to scramble mountains, a dog walker or like us a family just coming to stroll through the views and process natural beauty - you'll find yourself smiling in awe."}, {"review_id": "t8gY6344GwQadd3TMoIfbg", "user_id": "nxI8n6lARJpMP5SI8U9S6w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "The garden of the gods is a great, free, space in Colorado Springs with very unusual, jutting red rock formations with a beautiful backdrop of pikes peak. Garden of he Gods can be whatever you want it to be: a peaceful drive, a picnic lunch with a view, exploring hike, trail run, dog walk or rock climb. You'll find people doing all of these things any day of the week, and if you're lucky you'll also see the big horn sheep and deer that also enjoy this landscape. You are missing out if you don't make this a stop during your visit to Colorado Springs. You could spend an hour or a day in this beautiful spot!"}, {"review_id": "z0G3njUTQ_RJML8W6CkWMg", "user_id": "q0UaXV9NnYPkoVOlvCj6cQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/3/2018", "text": "This was a gorgeous drive, and the visitor center was wonderful. We came on a Sunday and were not able to find parking at all, so we couldn't stop and climb on any of the rocks or take the trails. Which was a bummer, because I was very excited that we could take the pups with us on a walk.If I would've come on a week day and found parking, this rating definitely would've been five stars."}, {"review_id": "LG5hTIhLzqKwvJJl5NlOzw", "user_id": "p1rPMa2cTkszq8I6afSi2g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/30/2017", "text": "There is no way to give less than 5 stars for the pure majesty of the rock formation here. They are staggering in size and color. If you have children who like dinosaurs they will enjoy the Geo-Trekker film in the Visitor's Center. What we did not particularly enjoy was the obvious disregard and lack of enforcement of the multitude of signs instructing visitors to remain on the path.  Perhaps 'do not climb over the fences or on the structures' would be more appropriate. The amount of people climbing upon on the rocks was staggering and obviously detracted from any photos others were trying to take. The trails were well marked and easily navigated. Advise even on cold days bring water and sturdy shoes that you do not mind getting covered in red dust. Surprisingly there were portions of the trails that were quiet and deserted. We will come back during a weekday not during vacation time to get more of this solitude among these stone giants holding the geological secrets of the past."}, {"review_id": "5fhnqPfVfMIyxneWopnLcQ", "user_id": "I-JKKX7PHHd_z9nNMkH6kg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/14/2017", "text": "What a glorious view! We were in town for a friend's wedding and one of our must-do's was coming here! It's unbelievable that this park is free as it has so much to offer. Various rock formations, beautiful landscapes, abundant trails for every level, and an overall great nature experience. The visitor's center is a great resource. Enthusiastic  rangers and staff greeted us and educated us on the park. It also has a cool interactive map (like in Hunger Games lol) that shows all the destinations within the park. They have a desk to schedule Segway and horseback tours as well. There are plenty of parking lots for different sites and trail heads. We wanted to hike the Siamese Twins as it is one of the most popularly photographed spots. It provides a near keyhole view of Pikes Peak. We loved our time spent here!"}, {"review_id": "2dkwjC6Ut5rvSZvS4nMdhw", "user_id": "XlrhaNv4cvc4y5_X7QZgBg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "10/3/2017", "text": "Garden of the Gods is a great place to go if:++ You're looking for a cheap way to spend the day! It's FREE!++ You're seeking some less-intensive hiking to do not far from Denver.++ You're into climbing! You can get permits to climb some of the rock formations in the park! How cool is that?!++ You want to go horse-back riding! There's stables nearby that offer guided tours of the park.I've been here many times during my eleven years in Colorado. Most recently was over Labor Day weekend. Unfortunately everyone else in Colorado Springs had the same idea. It was PACKED! However my girlfriends and I were still able to snag a parking spot and meander around in the hot sun for a couple hours. Basically Garden of the Gods is just an all around awesome place to spend some time in Colorado Springs.**Pro Tip: Just be careful because this not-so hidden gem gets buuusy on the weekends and holidays!"}, {"review_id": "CBPFbMDDZp3SiAbhg0F2hQ", "user_id": "ZTBFuXx1qmRmeULk5UbRlg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "It's a magical place it's gorgeous I can't wait to go back on May and have fun and relax my self  next road trip on May Gardens of the God I will see you again"}, {"review_id": "fsEVGtnmHAYb2keGs2of8Q", "user_id": "MPiLBHXnUiWvTQRuh36TOQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "7/16/2017", "text": "This is everything in Colorado Springs.  If you visit CS and do not check out Garden of the Gods, why visit Colorado at all?  Anyway, the museum at the visitor center is really cool and larger than one might expect from a museum that is FREE.  Yes, that's right - the museum and the park are FREE.  The museum is excellent also has a gift shop that sells really nice things as well as a cafe that boasts beautiful views of the park.  I didn't try out the cafe so I can't tell you if it is any good but it looks cool.There are so many things to see in the park.  The rock formations are stunning.  There is ample parking available and plenty of trails that accommodate handicapped folks as well as the most seasoned of hikers.  There is truly something for everyone.  If you like rock climbing, you will find it here.  If you want to have a nice hike and see beautiful nature, that is also available.There are plenty of places for great photo ops so be sure to bring your camera!  This place is amazing and I could write loads about it here but I'd rather you went and checked it out for yourself!"}, {"review_id": "Pcbd9ySkpiQMbJLQjXijhg", "user_id": "-gO_WS39YVISTUjcWVhXIQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "8/6/2017", "text": "Other reviews have done a great job of describing this, so I'll just add that parking really was a pain. We circled for so long and finally just decided to park illegally and thankfully only had a warning as opposed to a ticket. I thought the park did a nice job of creating paths and trails so it was not like going on a strenuous hike. The folks at the visitor center were very nice and patient. I also loved the bison burger at the restaurant and very reasonable finds at the gift shop. The red rocks were beautiful though I did not find them to be as breathtaking as the ones in Sedona. I've also heard that Utah has some amazing sights as well. But if this is your first time experiencing nature in this way, you will be extremely pleased, and if you're not, hey at least it was free."}, {"review_id": "nr2OAHL4pdidLLysXTRjgQ", "user_id": "Xi7mvAjVStusXUINweLEEA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/4/2018", "text": "Unbelievable! Garden of the gods is breath taking! We loved the short hikes and getting to see wildlife!"}, {"review_id": "MkEdQZlDc0ZBObNzwR_Q9Q", "user_id": "zQTEbn5nWGPypxOf2uRPmg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/11/2017", "text": "Garden of the Gods is absolutely beautiful! We recently visited for a second time and I am happy we did. There are several places to pull off, explore and take pictures. This would be lots of fun for all ages - the kids can run and climb and adults can relax and enjoy the view. The visitors center is a great place to stop, as well. The gift shop has some great shirts among many other things. And if you need a coffee or a snack, they've got that (I recommend the cinnamon sugared pecans)!Also, if you leave your car in the visitor parking lot after it closes, no worries! Apparently, a lot of people make this mistake. Our friends left their car so they could ride with us. And by the time we came back, their gates were closed. Luckily, we tried more than one gate and the second one hadn't been locked. When they got to their car they found a printed note telling them that the gate had been left open for them and to simply please lock it behind them when they left. Thank goodness!!"}, {"review_id": "zbUSjUQLC1RT_z56Cm6K_Q", "user_id": "8dxkcmAXY4ttrVFD1GhbdQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/16/2017", "text": "It is unbelievable that this is a city park, and I wish it is near where I live. This is located in the city of Colorado Springs. I stopped by during my 14 day Solo Road trip.What an incredible beautiful sandstone formations surrounds you.Why is it call 'Garden of the Gods'? In August 1859, two surveyors who helped to set up Colorado City explored the site. One of the surveyors, suggested that it would be a \"capital place for a beer garden\". His companion, was awestruck by the impressive rock formations, exclaimed, \"Beer Garden! Why it is a fit place for the gods to assemble. We will call it the Garden of the Gods.\"The Garden of the Gods' beautiful red rock formations were created during a geological upheaval along a natural fault line millions of years ago. Archaeological evidence shows that prehistoric people have visited Garden of the Gods about 1330 BC. Then at about 250 BC, Native American people camped in the park.So much history that I prefer that it wasn't free to get in, to keep it protected and clean. Stop by the Visitor Center. There are many things to do here such walking, picnicking, hiking, bouldering, cycling etc."}, {"review_id": "mPo0xbXNLXO1t0OyrkHwRg", "user_id": "TaqL6F8GviqX3cLCznJU8A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/19/2017", "text": "A great place for the whole family with easy hiking and great views. And it's free too! Only down side is parking is limited and spread out so you might have to make a couple passes through the loop before you find your ideal spot. Spring or fall during the week and in the mornings is the best way to minimize the people traffic. It'll be a zoo if you go on a weekend in summer. The hiking is pretty straight forward. You can grab a map in the visitor center if needed. Make a long day out of it by doing the whole loop or just spend a few hours walking around looking at the rock formations. If your lucky you'll get to see rock climbers climbing on some of those features! It's a great way to out he size of the formations into perspective."}, {"review_id": "SV2iJmmS19m_5lHcHq20QQ", "user_id": "AMsxA3USG1ezX_lEXqt6rQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/12/2017", "text": "It's free to visit!!! Very beautiful, must see place to go to when your in Colorado! We spent a good deal of time here and they have little shops and food places so you don't get too hungry while enjoying nature!"}, {"review_id": "F9MIgLMoUcjXqaLZC09nRg", "user_id": "PrhTTBCqqUe8XyyDAkjibQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/29/2017", "text": "Our visit to Garden of the Gods was one of the highlights of our Colorado Springs trip - gorgeous scenery, a plethora of photo ops, and a beautiful blue sky to welcome us!We first swung by the visitor center to pick up a map and to get a quick intro to the area. The staff were friendly and helpful, pointing out some highlights of the park for first-time-visitors. We weren't here to do any major hiking (mostly just here to walk around and explore a little), but we found plenty of spots here that were perfectly well-suited for that level of activity. There were a few areas where we got to do a bit of mini-hiking up onto large rocks, which felt like the perfect adventure level (it felt like we were a bit off the beaten path, but still well within our comfort zone). There were a decent number of other visitors at the park during the time we were there - but that sometimes came in handy for a nice \"if you take our photo, we'll take yours!\" exchange.The only real downside was that parking seemed quite limited (especially given the number of visitors that were there that particular day); it ended up being a bit of an exercise in patience, but we did finally secure a spot.Coming from Boston, the landscapes here are not like anything we ever see back east, so visiting Garden of the Gods was a really unique and memorable experience for us during our trip to Colorado."}, {"review_id": "30POs0ZMWVnGSdx_4eImPA", "user_id": "ZwX7eUxRmXoeWX8wbpPcWQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/24/2017", "text": "I'm putting Garden of the Gods in the 5 star \"as good as it gets\" category because it's a FREE park to the general public and it's located in the center of the suburban city of Colorado Springs. The rocks here are so lifelike and colorful it astonishes me that Garden of the Gods is not at the VERY LEAST designated some sort of State Park. But I don't make the rules and regulations, lol. But I would like to point out that it's awesome this place is here....you'd never think such beauty comes from a regular town like Colorado Springs.Then again Pikes Peak and Seven Falls are located here as well and those are MUST DO's in my book. So in all....Colorado Springs is pretty awesome!! Garden of the Gods from my point of view closely resembles beautiful Sedona, Arizona.The first time I visited here was on a simple weekday in October and the place was empty. I had everything to myself....the rocks and the views, it was awesome. This second time I visited, it was last month on a weekend day in September. Unfortunately it was rainy and dreary and yet the place was pretty busy with tourists. In fact a few of the parking lots were filled to capacity... that people had to park on the grass at the very entrance and walk a little ways to the Central Garden Area.Reminder for others, there's an awesome sign at the entrance that I think is highly picture worthy. It says \"Garden of the Gods\" in big stone. I loved it! I found 2 ways of exploring this place. I recommend doing both. First I would park in the main Central Garden Area (if there is parking....if not...then park on the grass at the front entrance). Then I would walk around this Central Garden Area and do all the exploring you'd like! The colorful red rocks engulf you and mesmerize you in a humble way. Walking this area doesn't take long, just depends on how much time you take walking, photographing and immersing yourself in the surroundings. The walk is pretty much all flat, except for some small portions where you climb steps, but it's very doable for anyone. Along the way you have different options and pathways to take for your desire, but they all lead you in the same direction for the most part. You can't go wrong with any path you choose! The paths and walkways aren't long in distance. I'd say it's roughly 1 - 2 miles max of walking around and exploring.Interesting how I got up close and personal to these red rock spires much more so than when I visited Sedona, AZ. Yet Sedona I feel, gets more recognition for its scenery. That's why this place is so awesome. There's no charge, it's conveniently located, you barely have to hike to see anything, it flies under the radar compared to more popular tourist destinations, and yet the views and scenery are pretty majestic!After hiking the Central Garden Area, I'd get back in the car and drive the roadway for the entirety of the park. It's one lane in either direction you drive, and you can leisurely take your time on the road looking out the window and appreciating the views. There are lots of stops to pull over and take photos or to just get out of the car and soak up the sights. One highlight for me was Balancing Rock - certainly a picture stop area. Also, I stopped at the Trading Post to pick up souvenirs along the way. The drive throughout the park is roughly a couple miles long, it just depends on how often you stop for photos or to take in the views.In all, you only need a few hours to visit Garden of the Gods, unless you're having so much fun you can spend a good half day. So for all this beauty and easy access to venture to, I absolutely give 5 stars and recommend to any outdoors enthusiast, nature lover or general public to come to Garden of the Gods and see what this place is all about!!!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/garden-of-the-gods-visitor-and-nature-center-colorado-springs?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]