[[{"review_id": "CgZ5OXmetopdvaFkm94RDQ", "user_id": "sSofn7FYSvYDd_l1U0VL6w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "My group of four people shared the BBQ deal meant for three people. We left full and satisfied! I think 5 people could actually share the 3 person meal. The BBQ options make for a fun social experience!!I loved how much variety on included in the 3 person BBQ: spicy tofu soup, steamed egg, California role, 14 appetizers, Korean pancake, rice,  three types of meat, and small dessert rice drink. AND two small beers, which we shared. The beef short rib meat was my favorite! I also loved the Korean pancake. Everything tasted vibrant and fresh. I'm excited to come back to try other dishes off the Home cooked section off the menu. Service: extremely fast. We were chowing down on food in no time.Bonus: try the bakery next door! You can purchase freshly made kimchee and some pastries. My favorite pastry by far was the long custard filled pastry (you can visibly see the custard). The other pastries were a bit \"meh\" to me."}, {"review_id": "16qg3h6eTlxLbQMLE-q-kg", "user_id": "j2sNN6zx9qGqoB1qeRNERw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "This is purely a review of my take out order of the bibimbap. I called to place a Togo order, and the food was ready by the time I arrived 10 minutes later. The bibimbap was really affordable during their lunch special considering how much food you get.However, the food tasted really bland. There was no salt or sesame oil at all from what I could taste, and the beef was really dry.  None of the toppings for the bibimbap tasted like they had been seasoned either. I guess they rely on the spicy chili paste to provide most of the flavor, which I had asked to be excluded from the dish, so that was really disappointing."}, {"review_id": "oD3vbe7XFF0G3xtLrZnhmg", "user_id": "gHQ1agJeJm2oaDsWZmhdfg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/1/2018", "text": "If you wanna get an introduction to Seoul BBQ, I recommend their lunch special.  It's a no frills experience with all the side dishes.   That means you don't get to cook the meat there on the table, but the comes precooked from the back. Ask for any seasonal side dishes.  Their side dishes change on a day to day basis. I love the tiny fish, but they don't often have it.If you have a large group, you're in luck. They have private rooms which are great for parties of 6 or more. I love this place for birthday parties and special occasion's."}, {"review_id": "Ifi10RTTNc_Ha5EHl3tC5w", "user_id": "4ZbCVQZAbW3Reg-xw9Nxag", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/16/2018", "text": "Most people probably come here for their BBQ as suggested by the name. However if you don't mind going a little further down the korean cuisine adventure, I strongly recommend trying out a few of Seoul BBQ's traditional Korean dishes. My favorite is the Soon-tofu. This is a tofu stew made with Korean chili paste. You can choose to either add beef or seafood to the soup. The broth is very well flavored and the tofu is silky soft. Taste of this stew is very similar to the one I had before in Korea. I personally like Seoul BBQ's version better than the original since it's less spicy. Chapchae is another good entree worth a try. This dish is a stir-fry of veggies (napa cabbage, bell pepper and spinach etc.), beef and Korean vermicelli noodle. The portion is huge. I usually box the leftover home and can easily get 2 meals out of it.All orders at Seoul BBQ come with 14 complimentary korean appetizers. The home-cooking usually cost $25-30 per meal to be shared by 2-3 people. Free rice drink is also offered at the end as an light refreshment."}, {"review_id": "RXTY_bcftkubR3O01SRpkg", "user_id": "b5aC_6Fw4WepnzMFLFb1yw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "A solid option for KBBQ, the service is actually pretty good usually. We had a demanding table behind us but our waitress didn't make us feel neglected. The food is amazing, I wish they have someone who could come explain the different side dishes and their names, but that just means I need to find a Korean friend to go with me to educate! The portions are huge, and side note they won't let you do Korean BBQ unless you order 2+ KBBQ dishes. Stir Fry doesn't count, also not a great place for vegetarians! Get your meat on!"}, {"review_id": "m6sp4aOe4hKCuOWXwkYkfQ", "user_id": "Qz7XU2bJfdAR_va18B5Ulw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/15/2018", "text": "I came here for the lunch special with my friends and it was extremely good and worth the money. I got yuk-gae-jang which was amazing. The beef was extremely tender and mixed in with egg and topped with just amount of spiciness. I was scared of how bright red the broth was at first (because I can't really handle spicy) but it was really mild. It had glass noodles at the bottom, but I prefer to mix the meet and broth with rice. The bulgogi here is also really good and very worth the price for lunch. Both the chicken and beef are good, it just depends on which meat you prefer. I would definitely recommend coming here for lunch!"}, {"review_id": "lENRSOL99atTbc1W8Fhzbw", "user_id": "qExR8NN0q7PZBQpNOL_VZw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "This was the first Korean restaurant we tried in the area....and essentially the only one we have had since. Everything we have had has been so good it is hard to branch out for fear that it won't be as good!They have a good variety of banchan, my husband has his favorites and sometimes if you are missing a favorite, they will bring it on request!The bbq combo is a crap ton of food, and we have found it to be a good value! If you'd like to avoid smelling like dinner the rest of the night, the meat can be cooked in the kitchen. Since we usually have our baby in tow, and partly because I'm lazy- we usually opt for this. The longer we live in the Denver area, the more I assume we will try other places. I'll reserve the 5th star after I have actually had a meal at a comparable restaurant."}, {"review_id": "olmxmzdA0mGd5FJJRX_O6A", "user_id": "qgCvm9CwS87GhxfRbNHHwA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "My family and I frequent this spot whenever we have special occasions. We don't come here often, but when we do, it's always a party. The food is clean, healthy, and well-tasted, the kitchen staff definitely know what they're doing because it comes out in their dishes.Last time we were here we went with the traditional KBBQ, with some friends of ours from back in the day. The food was good as always, and we always leave a nice tip because we know some of the waiting staff there- they always take care of us and give us something extra which we appreciate very much. My mom and I sometimes come here, I always get the cold buck wheat noodles with lots of veggies in it, and my mom always gets the spicy pork stew. The food is always very tasty, is moderately priced, and definitely fills you up.The atmosphere is super clean and very organized, with a modern, upscale feel to it. The bathrooms are clean, so are the tables, hallways, the kitchen, etc. Will definitely come back here time and time again!"}, {"review_id": "XsXR6cBwdEzbHFS6Edy0mQ", "user_id": "JKSb0GEs81uYb3rt91flcA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/1/2018", "text": "As a Korean, I have been to many Korean restaurants in my day, and this was possibly one of the best I have been to!My family and I have never seen so many side dishes (banchan) served! We ordered the combo A and were told it would feed 3 people, but there was enough food for 4 or 5! The barbecue combo came with California rolls, a choice of liquor (we chose a bottle of soju), steamed egg, soon tofu soup, and Korean pancakes. Now, my family and I consider ourselves big people and we were disappointed in ourselves when we couldn't finish all the meats????!! The environment of the restaurant was nice and if I had to judge a Korean restaurant by their Kpop playlist, this restaurant would be a 10/10. If I lived in the Denver area, this place would be a regular!"}, {"review_id": "6lm0RdMyNqCq7h2ldjl1qA", "user_id": "1asokPgOTBsFC4n9sbqJOw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/2/2018", "text": "Heads up, this place is not all you can eat. I was a little disappointed at first, but it ended up being more than okay... you actually get A LOT of food and it's so worth it for what you pay.You can order whatever you want separately, but they also have about four or five bundle options. We went with the first one as there were three of us and it said it feeds three people. Let me tell you, it ended up being way more food than we expected! It came with three orders of meat, soup, Korean pancake, a California roll, and even a bottle of soju!! I was a little surprised when the California roll and Korean pancake came out because I didn't even notice that it came with what we ordered. All of that for $89 so it breaks down to $30 for person, which isn't terrible for the quality and portions of food. We also ordered mandoo and it was pretty authentic, just like the mandoo I've had in Korea.This place has MANY side dishes compared to other kbbq places that I've been to. And they are all delicious.The service is pretty friendly and they checked on us a few times throughout our dinner. I was expecting them to change our grill, but they never did. No big deal though. If we stayed any longer or had anymore food, we definitely would've needed it to be changed though. I really like the feel of this place, I had a really good time!Will definitely be back and next time I want to check out the little market they have attached to the restaurant."}, {"review_id": "_a5wbW5TOWtBnzBMBJG7nw", "user_id": "eafWEvwyHtbwPMSn8Elimw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/4/2018", "text": "Seoul BBQ is no longer the top dog for KBBQ in the Denver area, but that doesn't mean it isn't good. While Dae Gee in Aurora is my favorite KBBQ spot in the area, Seoul BBQ has WAY MORE actual Korean food dishes than almost any Korean restaurant you'll ever go to, and that's great!Whatever you're craving on the Korean food front, Seoul BBQ probably has it. We went there on New Year's for our traditional Dduk mandoo guk (dumpring and rice cake soup), and left happy and full. We were happy because the food was good and the broth was just right, but we were also happy to find a place that has this level of variety of food from the homeland. It's also really big inside, and they have sushi!Seoul BBQ is more than just KBBQ. It's also a place to get all your Korean favorites in one place. Every major city needs a place like Seoul BBQ, and this one is Denver's."}, {"review_id": "IqduR-Nb5egdUODIR6Dugw", "user_id": "fS9eFk0F4wkU0DUJDSdUMQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "12/5/2017", "text": "Warning: this place is not all you can eat. The food here is average if you a kbbq lover like myself. The service was pretty bad. They don't help you navigate the large menu as most Korean restaurants do. The good news about this place is we ordered the family meal and it was more than enough for 8 people. Food just keeps coming out so I didn't mind as much that it wasn't unlimited. For large parties they put you in a private room, which is nice but they don't check up on you as often. All in all It's a fun dinner for a get together."}, {"review_id": "wBCXKpS-IuEZZzPmwPta0w", "user_id": "PWXoEGiShRXEU5YNotl44Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "Fast service, SO MUCH FOOD. Between all the side dishes and all the meat we got, we couldn't even finish it all. The staff was very quick and courteous. Also very nice location. Pricey, but you do get a LOT of food for the prices. Best for groups!"}, {"review_id": "-m3c0irdKPMN731meTg1Tg", "user_id": "gbSsa4VelLMx7D38Tt-SFw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Food and service were great! Cant really eat the bbq alone as the portions are meant for groups"}, {"review_id": "9MqS7YqdLea0wo1B_AYj8w", "user_id": "R_OJUM-tpGhqQfYFOynZbA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "Really good Galbi, definitely wood smoked. Good fat marbling in the short ribs. Great fish cake ban chan"}, {"review_id": "KZjFD2950knUTLWXzKXPsw", "user_id": "i56BPi1ZmOR_axQS_UTm2A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/28/2017", "text": "I had a really great meal here the other night.  My boyfriend is Korean and we are always looking for good Korean places.  They do not offer an all you can eat BBQ deal which we were hoping for, but our meal still work out great.  We ended up with a ton of food and were able to take the leftovers home which places that offer AYCE generally do not allow.  We ordered the Galbee (marinated short ribs), Chadol Baegi (beef brisket), and the Soon Tofu Jjigae soup.  This restaurant has grills at the tables so if you order two or more BBQ meats you can cook it yourself.  Both the Galbee and Chadol Baegi were very tasty. Our server was very helpful when we struggled to get the meat off the bone and replaced our dirty grill without us having to ask.  The Soon Tofu Jjigae comes with either tofu, beef, veggies, or a combo.  We got all three and the soup was amazing.  I loved that it came with an egg yolk and I really enjoyed the seafood.  The soup was probably even better when I had the leftovers on rice the next day.  The meal came with a lot of banchan and my favorites were the bean sprouts, glass noodles, and squid.  The food here was amazing and I will be back!"}, {"review_id": "ZTEvLDFwuk0byStqLZhatg", "user_id": "_MUaCmwcn8rP0NjzzajAWg", "rating": 1.0, "date": "3/21/2018", "text": "My family and I have been going to this restaurant for YEARS and have brought so many friends and other family members to them. Whenever someone is in town or looking for a restaurant recommendation, we always sent them to Seoul BBQ. After all, my dad being a businessman himself understands the importance of recommendations and word-of-mouth reviews. But unfortunately, we won't be patrons anymore, nor will we be recommending this restaurant to others. About 2 weeks ago, we made a reservation for 6 people in one of their private rooms. They have these private spaces with a door and everything if you want a more intimate setting for dinner. This was in celebration of my dad's 60th birthday (a big deal in Korean families). The reservation was set for the evening of March 17. A mere 5 hours before our reserved dinner time, we received a call from the restaurant saying that they were going to be giving our reserved room to a bigger party (a party of 10). They did not even offer us an alternate room, reservation, or even a table in the more public setting. It wasn't even like they were calling to ask if that would be okay....they simply called to inform us they were picking this larger party over ours. Honestly, what's the point of even making a reservation?? This is not how you conduct a business and it's hard not to see this as an attempt to make more money (which is ludicrous considering they don't know how much money we might have spent there). We will no longer be going to Seoul BBQ."}, {"review_id": "AS3sA7CMETvhLEY_mGWtaw", "user_id": "y9-bfJEhXvU98vwt5UejuA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/10/2018", "text": "Good Korean BBQ here in Aurora. Most locals say this is the best we have, but I hate to admit it still doesn't stand up to the best in Koreatown in LA or in SJ and SF. Regardless the food is good, you get to cook your own meats, and the service was friendly. We went back another time with my family and got our own room which was nice too. I need to to try some of the other contenders in Aurora, but this will be tough competition to beat."}, {"review_id": "7yTRA7FpMeTnm7LhjwQj0Q", "user_id": "11Qrh90iAUHG2ahdtoe2pg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "8/31/2017", "text": "Came here for lunch today and have been here before which in previous visits it was a hit or miss. Today I tried of some of their sushi rolls because they were affordable on the lunch menu. I ordered the lion king roll and dragon roll. The lion king roll was okay but the fish was super light in color. The dragon roll had eel on top bit it was a little slimy. For a Korean place serving up sushi it was okay but not great. I also had the Kimchi Jjigae which was perfectly flavored (past visits hey didn't add much flavor and it was watery). Ban chan was really delish today as well. The service was excellent. I got a new server that just stated and you can tell he's a hard worker making sure you have everything you need."}, {"review_id": "WBDgAT9axTBYsAX5wHKhRA", "user_id": "aPd2MTTzhSJ9_lxiDEz2OQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/11/2018", "text": "SEOUL BBQ. This place has easily become my FAVORITE place to go get Korean BBQ. My favorite dishes have been the galbi and their bulgogi. I personally believe that their \"traditional\" Korean BBQ cooked over the grill at the tables are FAR better and more flavorful than when you order the same item off the menu. Although, I think that it's worth mentioning that the portions for the Korean BBQ that you prepare at a table are made for at least two people.I love this place. Their portions are generous, their atmosphere is casual and friendly, and if I had the capacity to eat an entire Korean BBQ meal that you prepare at a table without gaining the extra weight or getting meat sweats, I would definitely be a regular at this delicious location. And one last tip: their bakery attached to the restaurant is FANTASTIC. If you have the opportunity to snag a pastry filled with cream cheese, do it. You won't regret it...unless you're lactose intolerant (in which case, it's only mild and temporary regret)."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/seoul-bbq-aurora?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]