[[{"review_id": "nGpbZ0zU69aquNK_hiy1GA", "user_id": "dsgKEy8A1pu0L2HJjO7-CQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/19/2018", "text": "Wowie! I loved my experience at Prime 16!! We went for a late lunch around 2 so it was relatively quiet but I loved the intimate setting and decor. This sounds kind of weird but I was a big fan of the physical menu because the front cover was this soft leather/felt material and I just loved how unique the texture was. Now for the amazing food! I had the Vermont chicken wrap and the sweet potato fries but I also tried the Parmesan truffle fries and it was amazing. I wish that my stomach had more room because I could have kept eating it forever! The price was extremely reasonable for the high quality too. Would highly recommend and I will definitely return in the future!"}, {"review_id": "Hb15ku3kqQJxJSd3oKvoCA", "user_id": "iBTSVl2yZN2ESYbrxkaPXg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "Was mildly impressed to say the least. You can get a burger just about anywhere.. but when your signature \"tap room burger\" from prime 16- tap room and burger restaurant is nothing but a greasy sloppy mess.. well that says something. We started off with the small plate of short rib tacos.. those were yummy with the smallest tortillas I've ever seen and a field of greens a top to give an interesting fresh taste. Wish there was more salsa verde but the meat made up for it! Tender and flavorful, definitely the star of the show. Tons of beer on tap, 20 to be precise.. and a wide selection of sours, dipas, ipas and names that aren't wildly over used either. Then our mains came out.. one buffalo bourbon burger.. which was cooked perfectly and very flavorful.. and my order the taproom burger, plain old boring burger. I typically order just the plain Jane burger, it really shows what kind of restaurant I'm working with. This plate said it all.. I picked up my burger to take a bite and my bun was beyond soggy soaked in grease. Wasn't even burger juice.. it solidified on my plate as I was eating. Yuck. Darn shame.. my microwave would have butchered it better. Also when you walk in your accosted by an odd herbs smell.. I'm still confused by why it smelled so oddly. It's not like the fun herb smell you might be thinking of.. If I come back it will be to drink.. drink some more to forget the smell and then order off the small plates menu."}, {"review_id": "evIhn6AowpLG1yw1N48PSQ", "user_id": "ojXjZfZrV0fwTJcbjHJMOQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/1/2018", "text": "Needed a place between MA and NJ to meet the inlaws for a quick celebration meal.  This place worked geographically. I was happy there was a public parking lot across the street.The beer selection was pretty good, but the scrolling TV displaying the options was annoying. I don't understand why they don't just print a quick and easy beer menu. Either way, the pilsner I ended up with was delicious. We did burrata, fried goat cheese, and fried pickles for aps. The goat cheese and pickles were delicious, but the outer shell on the burrata was rather thick, and the center cheese was not as creamy as I like- but I have insanely high standards for this type of cheese. I did a burger and tots for my meal. The tots were just ok- I hate that powdered ranch flavor and that's all I could taste.  I did a Texas burger, and the aioli made the burger a little too greasy for my liking, but the flavors were incredible. We stated the meal at 4 and it was quiet and calm. By 6 this place was pack and loud. The total for 4 people with 1-2 drinks each was less than $150, which was nice."}, {"review_id": "v0LjTZ4cO-_Oyufi2dD3cQ", "user_id": "n5Fa9x8yY4X_8qdKCPbFDA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/7/2018", "text": "Buffalo wings were good, came with avocado ranch dip. I also got the modern burger that was supposed to be cooked medium but it was a little overdone and therefore a bit dry, which was sad! My friend also got a burger but hers was super bloody/juicy (which I would have preferred over over cooked and dry). There seemed to have been no in between hers and mine even though we both ordered medium. Side salad was good, sweet potato fries were also pretty good.Wait time was quick they seated us immediately on a Saturday evening (we probably got lucky walking in when folks were just walking out). Service was good. Just the burger... sad."}, {"review_id": "riZ-ZDbic8avnGfswqiYtA", "user_id": "wr7e1tTgza1nZL1YozoYGg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "10/25/2017", "text": "Bf was craving a burger, and I was not about to enter Five Guys in New Haven again. Our first time here was back in July for drinks and snack, and I enjoyed all the drinks options they offered. Now it was time to try the real FOOD!!ORDER- Kale falafel bites: only come in 3 for ~$5. Super spicy with the sriracha aoli, but I wish there was more bc it's pricey as it is.- Buffalo cauliflower bites: turns out it's just breaded and fried cauliflower with ranch sauce. Didn't taste or see any buffalo sauce. Maybe the tanginess of buffalo sauce didn't come out enough due to the frying process- Bbq chicken street tacos: a bit too oily for me. Shredded bbq chicken was good though.- Modern burger: bf ordered the burger medium-rare and it came out well-done. Nothing too special and pretty underwhelming. Maybe needs needs more spice blend. Bf wants to create his own if there's a next time.Service is great. The waitress checked in on us and filled up our waters. Wish there were more veggie apps/happy hour dishes. There are a variety of local beers on tap that change every day. Perfect place for happy hour and pre-gaming, but not so much for the overpriced oily food."}, {"review_id": "y7TRCfA8w8IyykI4FMW-MQ", "user_id": "K3WD9VD0ko92aaQDIGflZQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "10/28/2017", "text": "We went here for dinner. It was a nice cozy spot to be in. We offered the wings and fried pickles. The siracha flavor was sooo BOMB. The Hassana was ok just wish it was more wet. Ask for extra sauce it will make a difference. Hands down best fried pickles! Full Spears!!! I got the bison burger it was very juicy! I asked for jalapeño for topping... pretty skimpy BUT the food was good!"}, {"review_id": "e5g7a8jbHYGW7qooOladBA", "user_id": "80j1THnl59AbZ8MUijI9Qw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "Met old friends here for lunch. It's a cozy place with interesting crafts beers and big menu. Our food was great and they let us sit for 3 hours and catch up on life. They weren't too busy in the late afternoon. Very happy with our choice. We will be back !"}, {"review_id": "gEweQdWvCn8qYnqNKp9fAg", "user_id": "31oAbT3H3ptguMLnAEEMQA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "7/23/2017", "text": "Solid burger joint with friendly employees! There are also plenty (20+) beers on tap. I came with my grandfather and my 9 year old cousin who are both picky eaters, and our waitress was able to provide samples of 4 different beers so my grandfather can find one similar to a Bud Light and was able to give my cousin a custom order off the kid's menu. I got the Cowboy burger with a side salad and IPA and all were delicious! Didn't need sauces or anything to supplement the flavors. My only complaint is that the lighting in the bathroom is kinda bad, so maybe get some brighter lights? I want to try eating outside next time!"}, {"review_id": "Bkce92PvZ_6nJMppgNhJVw", "user_id": "lH47Byth8Tp9dGXLopgnnw", "rating": 2.0, "date": "3/17/2018", "text": "I'm watching the calories so I had a turkey burger,  no bun over greens.  It was first served incorrectly with a bun...sent back and when it came back it had extra cheese?  I scraped it off,  it was way over the top.  It was ok, not much you can say about a turkey burger.  I opted for the fries, I'm willing the splurge for things I like...fries were soggy.  I ate 4.  The other burger that came out at our table was ordered rare and came out well done and was sloppy,  cheese not melted, fell apart when picked up.  I'm giving it 2 stars for the child meal that was at our table.  Chicken nuggets and tater tots were good,  we should have orders off of the kids menu."}, {"review_id": "WYJgkZ3WVzjZeANuBtaOeA", "user_id": "vSNynb3TmT4KWi9mMzorsg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/25/2017", "text": "I have been wanting to try new places in New Haven lately and I have been eyeing this place for quite some time. There's only 26 tables (yes I counted) and a bar. My guest and I made reservations for a Friday night.WOW! This is my favorite restaurant in Connecticut, or even EVER. The food is absolutely delicious!!!! We got the onion rings, Idaho potato chips, falafel bites, flatbread, and some slider type of things along with a burger. I loved EACH item. The onions rings were so good. They were crunchy but not TOO crunchy. The potato chips were so light and crispy-- the potatoes they are the best. Omg the falafel bites are so tasty and SPICY so make sure you have two glasses of water on hand LOL. The flatbread had Vermont cheddar which is the second time I've had that cheese in my life and wow! what a great tasting cheese!! Once I actually find out what the sliders were called, I will update this review. And the burger was great. My guest and I split the tap house burger. I highly recommend this place. I will definitely be returning."}, {"review_id": "h6kwM_N8pcUx1oapuJsVLA", "user_id": "Mw9jklpJ-fM-7CP3u9XHMQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "The prices here aren't bad for the portion size, but I'm not sure why there are waits on most nights for this place. I had the New Yorker, and the bleu cheese and onions were overpowering in the burger, making it difficult to finish. The side salad was fine, but nothing to write home about. Overall, an average restaurant that will hit the spot for if you're really craving a \"artisan\" burger, but if you're even a little bit flexible about what you want to eat for lunch/dinner, there are better options in New Haven."}, {"review_id": "X8sPGscfFk5XpoQ3oIr6Eg", "user_id": "RqXh7Le_4g6I_VsTV8ITkA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/14/2017", "text": "Best place to get gourmet burgers in New Haven!I ordered the wild mushroom + garlic burger, and wow, it was an explosion of flavor. To my surprise, the hoisin sauce added a nice flair and the truffle aioli added great undertones to the overall taste of the burger. A friend ordered the truffle-Parmesan fries and they-were-to-die-for. 10/10 would recommend. You get to choose 3 dipping sauces from a wide variety (how fun!). She also ordered buffalo skewers from the Happy Hour menu, which turned out to be pretty standard.Another friend ordered the honey truffle burger and she enjoyed it! Their drink prices are super reasonable during Happy Hour. Service was standard; waitress made some great drink recommendations.Overall I was quite pleased with my first experience here. I definitely recommend getting a gourmet burger; it seems to be their strong suit! Will be back for more..."}, {"review_id": "TtGHS2KPkYzNM5c_5LTKCg", "user_id": "FaHfBXQtkNDKG8tEPe31IQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "7/31/2017", "text": "I came here for my brothers bachelor party with about 8 people and the staff were great. They were very responsive when I called to make the RSVP and the options for burgers were great. I end up choosing the Cowboy, because an egg on a burger, what else can you ask for? The burger was pretty big, and it came with some fries which were also delicious. Overall, not the best burger i've had, but service and unique and various options of burgers make me want to come back and try something else!Bathroom is only good for one person so a line can form. Keep that in mind!"}, {"review_id": "lutqVMmXZuGXh9JFtY3AUA", "user_id": "Z_aZzNx1K6HUvwR6kD2A7A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "6/1/2017", "text": "Tried this burger spot today for lunch and let's just say it was a good idea . The inside was pretty dark but it was a nice day so we decided to sit outside . Our waitress Michelle was really nice and the outside ambiance was relaxing other than the one pedestrian that asked for one of my fries while walking by the outside seating wasn't bad . Meal : honey truffle burger = Bomb.comAmbiance: bomb.com Service : great Menu: great Next time I Will  try to stop in for happy hour and see what prime is working with lol"}, {"review_id": "jTRZIJtEq9OI1WAAXUCiHg", "user_id": "XNcXFYK-QEKrKOuf8fQ5ug", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/20/2017", "text": "My wife and I came here for burgers and beer. That is exactly what we got, and they were both superb. Goal set; goal achieved. 5-stars. Simple as that. My wife had the patty melt, I had the Hawaiian burger, and we both got two of the darkest beers on tap. Everything was excellent, including the service, and we left very satisfied. The lighting is kind of dim, which we really dig. It made for a nice and comfortable environment. My only complaint was that the booths in the bar were not particularly sturdy. Any movements the people in the booth behind you make end up pushing on your booth-back. I won't sweat this though, we would just sit somewhere else next time. Other than that, this is a great burger place with great beer and we would definitely drop by again."}, {"review_id": "R3CKxIMBcZXwnoq6hT74YA", "user_id": "lSbfhN7Baq2SXz8RxyQ3HA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/7/2017", "text": "This is my favorite spot. Best burger. Love the Cajun melt, I am here at least once a week and get the Cajun melt every time. I also recommend the buffalo cauliflower. I hate vegetables and liked these.Also, These donut holes are amazingggggg! Not too sweet, nice and light. Perfect ending to the night."}, {"review_id": "khkRvwKJxG_i0LUSkiQqtw", "user_id": "_NTm9Xv0gDfafBQxR3uUyQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "1/20/2017", "text": "Cool spot. Good beer on tap.Wings served with a variety of sauce options are crisp and hot. However, absolutely tiny. Some of the smallest specimens ever encountered, particularly at about a buck each.Burgers a plenty with a plethora of toppings. What is interesting about the spot is that there is virtually no emphasis on any kind of special blend of burger meat, dry aging or prime quality, particularly given the name \"Prime 16.\" Two American burgers, 8oz each of completely ordinary undistinguished beef blend, ordered medium and med rare arrive cooked to their temperatures perfectly.Toppings do not overwhelm the beef however it's flavor is extremely subtle with little to no beefiness as would be hoped for. The patty is similarly under seasoned and lacks salt.  Juices flow freely although again lack fatty rich quality of a well curated blend of beef.Buns available are standard brioche and potato on request. We both request potato yet are served brioche. When questioned, the bar tender insists that they are potato buns and that they look similar. With a little pushback, she goes and checks and brings the manager over to assure us they are indeed potato rolls. The only way to resolve this would have been to bring one of each out from the kitchen and compare them side by side. I let it go aNd ate my brioche bun that was supposed to be a potato bun that wasn't. Here's the difference between a brioche bun and a potato bun: Evident in the amount of loft in the bun, a brioche bun is light and airy with an almost flaky quality (what we were served) when compared to the denser, sweeter, tears-apart-in-strands quality of a potato roll. Side salad served with balsamic vinaigrette is decent sized. Tater tots ($1.95 extra as a side instead of salad or fries) are crisp and seasoned heavily.Overall a decent spot that lacks focus where there should be a lot - burgers."}, {"review_id": "QkAO_GktWQx0teK3edjq4A", "user_id": "Rqyopl4UX2Yuksn97yR2PQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "6/25/2017", "text": "Came here on this past Friday night (6/23).  Made reservations earlier in the day for 7pm.Due to crazy New Haven Parking and that darn Arts & Ideas Festival, we didn't get to the restaurant until at least 7:15.  We were seated at a table on an interesting angle, kind of thrown in there in the front with a clear view of the outside.  Also it wobbled, always an annoyance.Our waitress was nice.  My husband and I each ordered a Captain Lawrence draft from the iPad that we viewed the list from.We then started with the mac and cheese as well as the buffalo cauliflower bites.The Mac and cheese was $6.95.  I guess an accurate price for the portion.  Tasted good, but it did have a grainy texture to it.  Also we were told that the ceramic it was in was boiling hot.  Which only tells me that it was made ahead of time and then reheated, maybe hence the graininess.  The buffalo cauliflower bites were $4.95.Now I did look at reviews prior to coming and saw that someone had just posted about these the day before.  That they looked like they were the \"leftover bits in the fry basket,\" or something along those lines.  I thought it was a fluke and we ordered them anyway.  Shouldn't have.Our order could have been described like that as well.  Honestly, I think our waitress was a little embarrassed putting it down in front of us, or at least, I felt embarrassed receiving it.Take a look at the picture attached to this review, that exactly how we received it, we didn't sample any until after the picture.  They tasted good (they came with what seemed to be watered down Ranch), just wished there were actual florets.  Or if you're going to serve them like that, change up the presentation, maybe in a little bowl would have looked more appealing?My husband ordered the Cowboy burger with regular fries.I had the Modern American burger with truffle fries.At this point in the meal, I was just enjoying company and conversation with my husband that we didn't noticed actually how long the burgers were taking to come out.  Well that, as well as someone was getting arrested right in front of the restaurant for drinking a pint of Popov vodka in the street plain as day.  It was like dinner and a free show!  Despite, the burgers were taking a little long...After another round of beers, our waitress says the burgers will be out shortly.  Before they have a chance to arrive, the manager comes to our table to apologize that the ticket for our burgers was thrown out and they weren't being made until they just realized it...and that he took off 2 beers from our total for the delay.  Sweet.  He was really nice. Not long after our burgers arrived.My truffle fries were totally awesome and I got some dipping sauces for them too.  I loved the maple bacon one and the honey truffle one.My burger was just alright.  It had pickled mustard seed on it, but there was like a shitload of it on there and kind of overwhelmed the whole thing.  I ended up eating half and then scraped them off of the other half and didn't eat the bread as a lot of them stuck to that too.  It was cooked well though.Not sure if we'll be back with so many other options in New Haven, I wasn't blown away."}, {"review_id": "UhEnrbOxfAuCJh5Og0VEDw", "user_id": "135DbbQnr3BEkQbBzZ9T1A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/17/2016", "text": "I've been to Prime 16 twice, once about a month and a half ago and most recently tonight.  Despite that I'm not a huge beer or burger fan, I found the offerings, as well as the service, solid and satisfying on both visits.On both visits, I opted to build my own burger.  The first time, I had the turkey patty with smoked gouda, bacon, and romaine lettuce and roasted tomatoes topped with truffle aioli on a potato bun ($14 something).  Tonight, I had the pork patty with five cheese sauce, pineapple, romaine lettuce and sliced tomatoes topped with truffle honey on a pretzel roll ($13.80).  Both burgers were messy but flavorful, and quite filling in and of themselves.  In both cases, the patties were the least exciting and flavorful part of the burger, but this may not be the case with beef patties (which I don't eat).The burgers come with a side of fries or a side salad, which can be upgraded for an upcharge.  I believe I ordered the truffle parmesan fries the first time, but don't honestly remember much about them, so they must not have been terribly remarkable.  Tonight, I had the salt and pepper chips as my side, and they were quite salty and a bit overfried.  On my first visit, my table also ordered an onion ring stack to share, and it was pretty much what you'd expect.On both visits, my group was able to get a table without a wait because we came early or the weather was sufficiently bad to keep many diners away.  Both times, service was friendly and welcoming, which is always a plus.  The atmosphere is what you'd expect from an upscale burger and beer restaurant.  One thing I'd like to see added to the menu is boozy shakes, which are the highlight of a similar build your own burger restaurant in Pittsburgh.  Overall, Prime 16 is a solid joint that fills the upscale burger niche in New Haven."}, {"review_id": "oKFDNpgBFgrYijdjxVRSwg", "user_id": "OHS9w17ejao_P4m89Y63hQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "10/7/2017", "text": "My go to burger place in New Haven. Their Smoker and Honey Truffle burgers are amazing. They also offer a wide variety of beers and now with their electronic sign of the beers you can actually read the names (used to be a blackboard). Prices are reasonable. However they have cut back on their side serving sizes. You don't get as many fries as you used to, but still a very filling meal. The only reason this place doesn't get 4 stars is due to their service. They are really particular about not seating you until your full party arrives even with an empty restaurant. They also have a bunch of rules regarding when you can make reservations (e.g. Wasn't able to make one between 6-8pm for a large party, wasn't able to make one in general for a small party). They also start pressuring you to leave once you finish your meal."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/prime-16-new-haven?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]