[[{"review_id": "CnZxWEAwm1OFrP7ikpgtpA", "user_id": "IVEeHG_2DDgMGvPdgsmWrw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "A dressed up space... so vintage chic, I loved it the moment I walked in. Glittering chandeliers hang from tin ceilings overlooking the bar below, exposed brick and small dining nooks...ideal for date nite or even just a luncheon on the enclosed patio.I was there for lunch this afternoon.Their menu has a bit everything. The lunch box special for $14.99 it's simply superb. You can pick one of each - soup/salad, main, dessert. The portion size it perfect if not more. I had the truffle French onion soup, smooth and creamy, was a bit sweet for my taste. The Mac and cheese (I had without the bolognese sauce) was delicious...rich creamy, cheesy and the crumb top crust was awesome!.. and for the moment of sweetness, no-brainer, I choose the big a#s chocolate cake ..didn't think twice to gorge on it,it was so decadent was gone in 2s. And to my surprise when it was time to pay it was 15% off.. uh! every Mon and Tue...good to know.The service was prompt and fast...that's what is most expected of a workday lunch. I would definitely come back again with the whole family.Recommendation: I saw this on the menu and although I don't eat meat myself, I would highly recommend the pretzel charcuterie. I have seen pictures of it,looks so appetizing and Ive read good reviews about it too....an oversized pretzel stuffed with cured meats, house made beef jerky, pickles and old fashioned honey mustard. Lemme know if you liked it!"}, {"review_id": "t7UxbvU9QIxfkvJp7Xk5kw", "user_id": "2GC71PqLyCXg8n_VXriTag", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "Love everything about this place. The live band, the decor, the patience of our waitress as we decided what to order. It was a good experience. I met my college friend here for a late dinner. The bar area was packed at 8pm so we sat in the side room which was dim and intimate. Republic offers a variety of beer and two choice of wine on tap. I had the Pinot noir which was lightly sweet and smooth. My friend ordered a mixed drink which she loved. For food: she opted for fish and zucchini fries and I had the Hangover burger with gluten free bun and sweet potato fries. For my gluten-free people, they do not have a separate fryer so consume with caution. I enjoyed my burger which was perfectly cooked medium well and the fries had a great crisp, not greasy. I would also recommend trying the bacon wrapped dates. I'm in love with them! Overall, great experience. I'd be interested to try their brunch menu."}, {"review_id": "4u2okjLgTC7VO9jWdC_YIQ", "user_id": "tqKirYDDKVZBMeu8koBU8Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/11/2018", "text": "Hidden bar and restaurant gem on Capitol Ave. I really enjoyed the look and feel. Industrial and contemporary designs give it a nice aesthetic.It was larger than I expected. Host and wait staff were friendly and attentive. Good lunch crowd. Not your run of the mill pub food. You'll find avocado and toast with an egg in addition to burgers, sandwiches and salads.The menu is a bit on the more expensive side for pub style food, however I enjoyed it and  look forward to returning. Hartford needs more hip spots like this."}, {"review_id": "bcdjYWDRIIvCNh3hQINTpg", "user_id": "IzpPCnT3lgAbnnvlZlUySg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/4/2018", "text": "First off, let me say that I only visited here for drinks and didn't eat anything. I would say normally that this was worth 3 stars only, however, we had the best service from Malin which is why I am giving 4 stars instead (thanks again for taking excellent care of us and we will hopefully see you again ). The place is beautiful and has a great vibe and decor, however, the prices are pretty steep. I had a lemon drop martini that tasted average but unfortunately came with an above average price tag. You can definitely get better drinks in the area at a better price. However, here you are paying for the chic atmosphere and presumably high end clientele."}, {"review_id": "_0k7szlrgOKr7olxLCRvDA", "user_id": "DuNi6Rgk8eZjFahCyFxp6Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "One of my absoluter favorite places for food and drink in Hartford. From the generous BLT to the juicy burgers and spicy ketchup, they get American fare right. I'm also in love with the vintage dinnerware and cocktail glasses here. Like I actually need to email them and find out if I can buy some from them lol. Love their patio during the summer because its covered so you won't pass out from heat exhaustion but still get to feel the sun rays. They also offer a free parking pass if you go online to their website. Of course the interior is cute as well. I've even considered it for a private event. Republic is one of my staples!"}, {"review_id": "iCiqtCTxFJQUmYrUu1Oe_g", "user_id": "KFlrZ1ZIsqEJFcjFq_7YAw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/20/2018", "text": "Less than impressed. I wanted to like this place. Nice decor and good vibe, but my service experience was less than great. First, they brought the wrong drink order and literally we sat at our table for 30 mins before we got our drinks, all the while not provided with any bread. One we got our wine glasses, there was an obvious difference between the two: one was decent and the other looked like they ran out of wine. I got the scallops and cauliflower and it was ok. My husband got the chicken parmigiana and he thought it was good. I can't give this place more than three stars and I feel like I'm being generous. I'm a working mom paying someone to watch my kids while we go out for dinner so honestly not great service and ok food just doesn't seem enough for a date night I had to coordinate two months ago. Wish this turned out better."}, {"review_id": "1SYpOMNuiVfkna7j-_aqaQ", "user_id": "GTGqLImmRJ-gxkpN8T8CUQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/12/2018", "text": "I was originally pretty unimpressed with the Republic. We went for happy hour before the Bushnell Sneak Peek and had the worst time finding parking. On the way out we saw a sign telling us where there was free parking but that wasn't helpful at that point. When we sat down at the bar the bartender seemed pretty, well, uninterested in us. We got like 4 different menus and when I asked for the Happy Hour menu she turned around and touched the POS Screen to see if it was still happy hour. Trust me I checked and it was. She told us she had to go find some and took like 6 drink orders. I asked another bartender and she pulled a menu right up for us. The original came back and said something about \"Oh sorry I didn't forget about you I just got busy...\" and the rest of the interaction was fine. We got the mole nachos which had quite the kick to them. I needed a lot more sour cream than I got. We also got the burger. I was impressed at that burger for that price. Although it comes with nothing but a bun and cheese it was delicious. My partner paid the extra $3 for all the toppings. They came with little individual bottles of ketchup too. Overall, although I wasn't terribly impressed to begin with I was satisfied by the end and I guess that's the important part."}, {"review_id": "MYLYMu9KuFkQtGz4OAcBJw", "user_id": "RXY6QKt-9KX8F0Y7Mo8Iag", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/29/2018", "text": "We made reservations for 4 of us on a Saturday night. We lucked out and found street parking right in front of the restaurant. Arrived early and had a drink at the bar located downstairs. The selectIon was awesome and we had several of the specialty cocktails. Beer list was pretty good and atmosphere was excellent as well as service. We started off dinner with buffalo calamari which was excellent, guacamole and shrimp. We liked the calamari so much we ordered a second. Two of us ordered the beef stroganoff which was excellent. One ordered the braised short ribs. Everything was awesome."}, {"review_id": "rhPYF5yX_jEPWukSiXoOCg", "user_id": "iDnmkycl2RkkTMvjE2pTnw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/9/2018", "text": "Was surprised as to the 2 floor atmosphere which looks really cool...the decoration and seating arrangements allow privacy and the staff are warm and friendly...this is more IMO a place for guys to hang or a girls night out...definitely a mellow business feel for ppl to take a break from work and have a great time.. a Cheers like place..lunch menu was limited though...the food very good...hummus plate was phenom!"}, {"review_id": "-sdIpV4CJZnCjKX-KbzqTw", "user_id": "fpJenf7KXCh-jGmyr4QWGw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/14/2018", "text": "Beautiful inside. Its a beautiful sight every where you turn. My favorite is the stormy morning cocktail. Its sweet and comes with an edible flower icecube. This weekend I stopped in for a drink and El at the bar was great and made my drinks perfect. The following night my friend and I stopped in for a bite and some dessert. We split everything so we could try a couple of different things. The hummus was yummy, I wouldve eaten it with the bread all night! The philly cheesesteak was great as well. For dessert we tried the chocolate lava cake and the belgian waffle. Dont waste your time with the lava cake. The waffle is where its at!! Its served with icecream, cream, and fresh fruit. I would seriously go back on a daily basis just to enjoy this waffle. GET THE WAFFLE you will smile, i promise lol"}, {"review_id": "TspRu_o3PjtGOfP119XK8g", "user_id": "-7XCV9nBzzcIurD_5AXshw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/14/2017", "text": "What a beautiful place indoors & outdoors. It was the perfect evening to eat al fresco before a baseball game at the new Dunkin Donuts stadium. We found quick on street parking that was free because it was after 6 p.m. The steak and cheese eggrolls came out piping hot and delicious. The oysters were well-shucked, juicy, and fresh. The mole poblano nachos were delicious. Please note that the happy hour nachos do not come with chicken ($6) - only the regular menu does ($11.5). This leads me to my only complaint -- our waitress did not give us the happy hour menu because she thought it ended at 6 p.m. and it ended at 6:30 p.m. and we did not read that difference in the description. We also would have ordered some different/additional items if she gave us the HH menu. I ended up not being disappointing in the lack of chicken in the nachos because the mole was the star of the dish!The meals were also fantastic. Me - the Gazpacho salad. My husband, the Two Handed BLT. Both with super fresh and tasty ingredients. The Gazpacho was a nice, original, and light salad for a warm evening."}, {"review_id": "QPE6NErqnZgOrP92-JyIOw", "user_id": "biQXwhY_AdHswSkCAhNRrQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "Awesome lunch!  Burgers were excellent, turkey burger is not to be missed.  Kale salad was wonderful, and the zucchini fries were out of this world!Do not miss this place if you visit Hartford!"}, {"review_id": "CW9LZDgFvieEkcJCtaa4gQ", "user_id": "llNEW4qRUflzQs3hyetqSg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/29/2017", "text": "Visiting on business so I thought I would give it a try based on previous reviews and I'm glad I did.I really enjoyed the cauliflower/quinoa patty on the  Au Poivre burger. So many flavors in that burger! I also enjoyed the truffle fries and side of slaw, which I was told is homemade like everything they make.You wouldn't know how cool it is inside from the outside. I'll definitely be back and I'll save room for dessert!"}, {"review_id": "PQD-sb0rt5MwnznJYrLFPA", "user_id": "0vXNuTlg5f2w-MAXI6P0yg", "rating": 1.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "This had been my favorite restaurant for the past 2 years for the nostalgia one of its entrees elicited. They're gourmet twist on classics was enjoyed. Because I live in the brownstones across the street, it was often an end of the evening \"takeout treat\" quite often. BUT, when I finally dined in with a white friend of mine ( I'm a young black woman), the server and owner's treatment of me, when I expressed dissatisfaction with my rare burger, (ordered well done) was treated beneath the level of dignity to which I am accustomed. The server agreed to take my rare burger (patty only) and have it grilled and then returned. However, I refused to have my burger unassembled, just to have the sub-standard beef patty grilled and set on my plate for me to reassemble. I believe that to be in poor taste. I requested she leave the plate and return with a different plate. However she did not return, I was treated as though I was doing or asking something outrageous and perceived to be combative. The owner brought the food to the table and his lack of customer service, lackluster concern or acknowledgement of my inconvenience and terse exchange, left a bad taste in my mouth. Needless to say, I did not like the way I was treated, and my peer/dinner guest witnessed this entire exchange and was also uncomfortable and made note of the unfavorable experience, service and response. I hate not being able to eat a meal I enjoy, but I hate being treated poorly even more. On principle, I will no longer be a patron of that establishment. I don't advise you to either."}, {"review_id": "H5Z9Csc_lwc0d2gIsBLcJw", "user_id": "M0G--7dDfCWnHHOK8JvVlg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "Loved the atmosphere of this place! Its tucked away in a quieter area of Hartford and can easily go unnoticed which as part of what I loved about it. Appeared to have an adorable outside patio that was enclosed for extra seating during the cooler months. I am very excited to head back here when the weather allows it to be more open. Food was tasty, decent size portions. Good tap list, happy hour on Sunday's ALL day which includes some apps and drinks! We will be back for summer cocktails on the patio!!"}, {"review_id": "YqkiNP5VzmkKGhPQp5cCng", "user_id": "lkTwYs1rlUa8uS2K9nvcyg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "11/5/2017", "text": "While the food and interior is great, the service here was very mediocre for me. We had a reservation for 6 at 5:15 on a Saturday before a show. Like many of the customers, a lot of us had to be out by 6:50 for a 7 pm show at the Bushnell. Needless to say, we were a little behind schedule because we did not get our food till 6:30.... I understand the kitchen was behind schedule but just getting our waitress to take our order took forever too. Once the clock hit 6:50 someone came over and took my plate. They didn't even ask if I was done. Good thing they didn't take my boyfriends plate even though he was done so I could keep eating. What an interesting first impression. It's always tough when the reviews are stellar but our personal experience is far from it. Not really interested in coming back or even recommending this place to others."}, {"review_id": "RJ7g0SSFUOELn66Rx3kUpQ", "user_id": "vVgCfnKgZTnKGasbgS7-gQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "Excellent service. The waitress was so helpful with my dietary restrictions. The Bacon Brussel Sprouts are delish. I deducted one star because the menu should include Lactose Free along with the already included Vegetarian and Gluten Free indicators."}, {"review_id": "VTsU_lPloe-IR4CAQSNkPw", "user_id": "5VNLIBdp5itREaZjbB-V0g", "rating": 1.0, "date": "3/30/2017", "text": "When I heard Republic at Linden was where we were having happy hour, I really never heard of the place. I looked at the happy hour menu and got excited! But I unfortunately felt pretty disappointed with my experience. The space wasn't exactly large enough for us to be seated for happy hour, despite having a whole seating and lounge area right next to the bar that didn't count. So we were seated upstairs away from the bar and didn't qualify for happy hour. First disappointment. Next, the waitress we had made us feel bombarded to order right away. I hadn't even gotten a chance to get settled and read the menu. She came off as rude and I felt rushed to put in an order. Our group arrived one at a time due to typical Hartford traffic, and every time the moment someone sat down she would push us to order. Then at some point when some of my group were finally ready to order, she never returned. In fact, she never came back until we had to find her (talking to other associates) and ask her for the check. Not the best service and it left a disgruntled feeling in my mouth. I was pretty excited about the Mole Poblano Nachos. However, with my allergy to onions/scallions/shallots, I asked what ingredients were on the nachos. The waitress stated \"what's on the menu\". I asked if there were onions or scallions or shallots and she said no. When my food came out, scallions were topped and I had to ask to take it back. When it came back without scallions, first few bites were good, but it quickly felt like it was tasting worse and worse as service got worse and worse. There's a bit of a spice to them, and the waitress couldn't even have the courtesy to come back and refill waters. I feel rather disappointed. I had high expectations due to what I heard about Republic on Linden, and from hearing friends rave about the Mole Poblano Nachos. Plating and decoration was beautiful, but the combination of bad service and unprofessionalism of the waitress we had impacted how I eventually felt about the food. Ultimately, the Nachos didn't end up sitting well with me. Not sure if I'd come back unless someone gave me a reason."}, {"review_id": "q6UJ2XpktwaxANIA1rNoog", "user_id": "b2P5HuozBRf7RFlvGU_NNg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "Excellent place for a beer and a burger. The beer selection was very impressive. Very relaxed atmosphere. The bartender was very friendly, and very attentive. Next time I am in Hartford... I will return"}, {"review_id": "EN-QBbkWVKLQLQMHewyDbQ", "user_id": "wZPizeBxMAyOSl0M0zuCjg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/25/2017", "text": "I'm a big fan of Republic in Bloomfield, so I was definitely excited to check out the new Hartford spot. There's definitely a solid \"nod\" to the Bloomfield location in terms of look and feel, but the Hartford location achieves something unique - an elegant cave. Seriously! The chandeliers are really stunning, and the open space lets them shine through to both the top/main floor and larger bottom floor where the bar is. The exposed brick is really lovely, and with the semi-open kitchen on the other side, you'll sometimes catch a glimpse of fire. Just love it.I met up with a friend at the bar. For some reason, I found the draft list a little less interesting than the Bloomfield location, but there was still certainly something for everyone on draft. (I got the new Bright 16 from Hooker Brewery - juicy!). We got the mole nachos, which are some of the best I've ever had, and still very solid.This will be my new meet-up spot for sure. I can't wait to come back."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/republic-at-the-linden-hartford-2?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]