[[{"review_id": "wNqlnn7Tlwmvl2EvRb2U9g", "user_id": "UxSI5P6th0brKOQbaXnkdw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "Simply amazing.I came back to visit for a weekend and missed pizza dearly as the place I moved to doesn't really have any decent pizza joints. My friend and I came on a Saturday for lunch and we were blown away by how delicious the pizzas were. We shared the bittersweet (white) and smoked wing (red), as well as a hazelnut apple colada. Everything was perfect as can be.My favorite was the bittersweet. Don't mind the name, it's amazing. They put pear slices and bacon bits on the pizza and everything just compliments each other, creating a sweet and salty flavor in your mouth with hints of truffle oil. The smoked wing caught our attention because of the \"crispy skin\" and it was delicious as well. They were also kind enough to split the one drink we ordered into two smaller cups for us to enjoy, with a generous lime slice each. The drink tasted of coconuts and apples with hints of pineapple and a subtle after taste of vanilla. It was very well presented. I'm just sad this was only a weekend trip and I won't be able to find pizza nearly as good as this where I am now... cherish it!!!"}, {"review_id": "BuQQvTUldIi5XFIp8O138Q", "user_id": "WF0WGnP5KfO3QjdFV8Y6PQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "This is such a great place to unwind after a busy day at work. Especially when you are starving. Our happy hour this friday evening was near to perfect. The bright sunny pleasant evening gave us the liberty to grab some cozy outside seating. They have got great collection of local brews and \"Delirium Tremens\" - my total random selection was supposedly one of the best you can try. Such positive and energetic staff! Food? - wow, such excellent pizzas! \"Smoked wing pizza\" topped with buffalo sauce was perfect start to satiate our hunger! - amazing texture and fluffy crust. If you are veggie lover and have been struggling to find a good veggie pizza - do try \"Cabb a caul\" pizza. This is one of the best veggie pizzas I have tried, ever. Perfectly flavored cauliflower, tomatoes and sprouts - perfectly blended together. And it can get addictive. And then the \"texas pizza with bear's brisket\" was perfect. These pizzas are on the top of the list. If you are looking for gluten free options, they don't have it. Service was top notch. So quick and attentive staff. Kudos! While I am writing this review, I am even more tempted to go back and grab a bite of those amazing pizzas."}, {"review_id": "tvhy0oDbuDtDCytswpQJpg", "user_id": "IczQ7yo3BiuMN_OKVAX-Jw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/23/2018", "text": "I've been dying to visit this place for a long time! The restaurant has a really cool vibe and neat decor that is reminiscent of Bear's, but still very much stands out as its own place.We had the Rodeo pizza (or something like that), and it had pulled pork on it. Oh my, it was heavenly. The crust was perfectly cooked, and we didn't leave a crumb behind. We also got a side of wings, and while the flavor was good, they weren't crispy whatsoever. Maybe that's just their style, i don't know, but it wasn't my cup of tea. My Margarita was deeeeelish, and my fiance's beer flight was tasty as well. Downside? Paying to park. Womp, wommmmpppp. The bar next door to them validates parking tickets in the garage, so it would be nice if the Blind Pig did the same. But, if that isn't a deal breaker for you, and I don't think it should be, definitely go check this place out. I'll surely be back to test out another one of their mouth watering pies."}, {"review_id": "8B7H9mRrQ2yblNSwttfteA", "user_id": "yjji9ryb2A8QHmn_dOLoJA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/14/2018", "text": "Yet another cool joint in the Hartford area offering offering the most delicious pizzas paired with great selection of wings. If you have been to bears smokehouse then you will see some version of the items from their menu on here as well. I am in love with the pizzas from here, burnt ends pizza being my favorite and the siracha smoked wings too. Pair this with a beer from the great selection they have and you will not regret. I have been here for lunch and dinner and also the happy hour. Happy hours are not as busy as I had anticipated and has a very limited menu to offer. Nonetheless, I am a fan of the Blind Pig and a no-brainer place to go when craving some good beer and pizza."}, {"review_id": "FlsFwhrnYl7eayqm_jJIsQ", "user_id": "cVrM2BvOvPV0Vi_rC8kepQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/10/2018", "text": "You talk about your woman I wish you could see mine, Every time she starts to lovin' She brings eyesight to the blind.(Sonny Boy Williamson - 1951)What do you hope to find? When you're down in the pig mine(Pink Floyd- 1977)No matter what genre or decade of music you're a fan of, if you love a great slice of pizza, you'll be singing the praises of the Blind Pig.What a cool menu! Eight Small Plate appetizers including caramelized Sriracha wings, Steam Buns, blistered Shishito peppers, and even a Buffalo Cauliflower fritter. The kitchen sure deserves some creativity points.But of course, pizza is king here at the Blind Pig, and you'll be faced with a royal choice of selection strategies.Wanna go red? They have six Marinara-based pies on the menu with ingredients like dark meat chicken and crispy skin, Nduja (I had to look it up -it's a spreadable salami!), soppresseta, and black garlic oil.Wanna go white? They have six no-sauce based pies on the menu with ingredients like onion puree, mushroom glace, basil lemon pesto, and roasted cauliflower.Wanna go BBQ? You can get a pie with Bear's BBQ goodies like brisket, pulled pork, burnt ends or bacon.Wanna be a Rembrandt and create your own? Go at it, you maverick you. They have a 'Build Your Own' option where you can be the boss of the kitchen and tell 'em what to do.We both went the 'Build Your Own' route, and I was very happy with the great taste of my creation.  Here is what I ordered:The base cost is six bucks. Then I added one of their 4 sauces (included in the base price) -I went with the smoked tomato. Now the fun starts as you have your choice of 32 items organized into 5 categories - cheese, meats, smoked meats, vegetables and finishers. Most of them run $2 a pop.I crafted a pizza with the smoked tomato sauce, gorgonzola cheese, Nduja (see above), jalapenos and chili oil.Oh Lawdy Mama was it great !! The creamy cheese, thin crust, salty Nduja and a point-counterpoint of spicy kicks from the jalapenos and chili oil collaborated on one helluva great tasting pizza.They have quite a selection of wines, whiskeys, cocktails and beers to choose from. My wife had a hard cider from Schilling ($6 for a 12 ounce can) with the cool name of Pomegranate Mischief Maker. I splurged on a glass of $12 Founders Backwoods Bastard. It had an 11.6 % ABV kick (must be the bourbon barrels). It was pretty potent and did a good job balancing out my spicy pizza.Our server Denisa was very attentive and helpful, she did a great job.All in all our first visit to the Blind Pig was a success in every way."}, {"review_id": "A9UT2KbwzHBwzALpUNpJPA", "user_id": "uMJQipHiHHWrbKNOTGFvcw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "Came here for lunch during a business trip to CT and fell in LOVE with pizza all over again. Started with wings and those were great as well. I will say the service was questionable though. We stood and waited for a table and no one said a word to us for a good 5-7 minutes. When your standing in the tiny waiting area, where you can clearly be seen by every employee in the building, waiting that long to be addressed feels like eternity... it's also super annoying. But my co-worker was so sure I'd love the food, we didn't leave. She was right. We had the pepperoni & the chicken ranch pizzas. OMG I couldn't stop eating them both. They were so flavorful and the thin, crunchy crust was divine. I wasn't a fan of the local soda they have so I just ended up sticking with water. Anyway, I cannot wait for my next business trip so I can pig out at The Blind Pig!"}, {"review_id": "h55YurD6p147UCoMLxl6oQ", "user_id": "QkbIM5auqbeWHAsIfuzPEA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "Unbelievable meals!  We keep going back!  Have not had one thing we haven't liked so far!   We are huge fans of thin crust pizza and this place does NOT disappoint!   We have done both build your own and pre- made pies also.  The shroom one is outstanding!   The Caesar salad blew us away!  It towers over the top of the bowl!The burrata caprese is scrumptious and I can't wait to go back and sink my teeth into that again! The pork belly steam buns are like nothing you've ever had- I highly recommend these! The servers are knowledgeable, attentive and kind.   That's hard to find these days!  The signature drinks are another reason to stop in also!  Jamie has done it again with this place!  We're extremely happy we have somewhere fantastic to go for pizza and other unique food and drinks."}, {"review_id": "JasvBowS1bTQ27nQ6Rl6Sg", "user_id": "Au29vfQvZ659KguGGT6cMw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/11/2018", "text": "The best thin crust pizza in the Hartford area, hands down. And that's before you add in Bear's BBQ meats!Food and service is always spot on. Drinks are also legit.I would recommend a pie ... but they are all equally amazing. If you like Bear's, definitely get one of the BBQ pies. They may sound weird, but they work! And if you're hungry, one pie per person is very doable.They also do some fun brunch pies on Sundays that are worth checking out. Thank you for bringing awesome pizza to the downtown area."}, {"review_id": "sJbJUYoGRkFwizVOEbbNNA", "user_id": "vxJElhreDlwEbDla0Qqb3g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/3/2017", "text": "Wow! Their moink pizza was amazing.Everyone enjoyed the pizzas immensely. We really love Bears BBQ, so it was fun to see them do pizza. I don't know if it is a collaboration with Bears or is it owned by them? Either way, GO and ENJOY! Good beer selection, nice dining areas and attentive staff.  Only downfall is parking as they don't validate but oh well that's the city. I can't wait to go back and try some more pizzas and their apps looked great too."}, {"review_id": "FpexFU4a1YfgEZHkQbHJMQ", "user_id": "siZlG_ntMpG7KPz2twRXZA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "The Sriracha BBQ wings were hubby and I favorite. I had the \"Burnt End Philly\" pizza which was really good. I asked for some sriracha bbq sauce on the side to dip my pizza in that's how Bomb that sauce is. Hubby had the \"Bittersweet\" it was something out of the box for us we have never had pear on pizza before....... it was amazing he loved it. The staff were very friendly and our waitress was sweet and she gave great tips and recommendations. Overall our experience was wonderful. It's a cute rustic style restaurant that's reasonably priced."}, {"review_id": "P6e5erex6oC6iMshaP96pA", "user_id": "hO-3ltB5Wq21SPXwwj8d9w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/21/2017", "text": "After checking out new cars at the Connecticut Auto Show,we decided to have a late lunch at the Blind Pig! Great decision! As soon as you walk into this cozy and intimate little spot you immediately get a good vibe! Lots of interesting appetizers and unique pizzas on the menu! We tried the New England Style Steamed Bun! The kimchi,jalapeño and General Tso  sauce gave them enough heat without being overwhelming! My Kansas City Pizza was outstanding! Loved the burnt ends and grated horseradish! The pizza dough is amazing! I could eat it plain,right out of the oven! Tried a couple of desserts. One was a freebie due to a computer error! S'mores calzone was hot and gooey! The bag of doughnuts brought back thoughts of the midway at the Big E! Make your own memories and head on down  to the Blind Pig!"}, {"review_id": "zWfyhxKJf9CpJp6aLvqa7A", "user_id": "6vDmQwsQzXfBHlE6xRMGRA", "rating": 1.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "Me: Table for 4 (with family)Host: Sorry, 20 min wait. Me: But there is a table open right there. Can we get that one?Host: It's for 6Me: But it's 1:20pm, end of lunch time...Host: AND that's why we are busy (said with horrific attitude)I love blackbear but this was ridiculous failure of customer service. I totally would be it if I walked in at the height of lunch time at noon, but is was 1:20 on a Friday afternoon! No idea if the food is any good. Guess I'll never know as I refuse to support poor attitudes."}, {"review_id": "hD3Zw5W5Or4HiY2FP5V19w", "user_id": "Oi4ivSI0MTQA5y_2Sd0klQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "Kind of hit or miss. Would definitely recommend sticking to pies featuring Bears delicious meat and sauces. Others just meh for the price. On the latest visit they were out of most of the unique items on the menu and even chicken wings and ranch. Wasn't informed a topping was unavailable for my order until others in my party had their food sitting in front of them. After not being able to order the pizza I wanted initially due to lack of smoked sauce and sopressata it was annoying to not even have everything for my second option available. Substituted jalapeños for the missing item at an upcharge. Our first visit was quality and I would consider giving Blind Pig another chance but would definitely stick to the BBQ pizzas or just continue to visit Bears Windsor location. Bar service was friendly but slightly aloof, walked past my empty glass several times and I hate having to wave down a bartender. I fully realize this isnt a sports bar but featuring bowling on the one bar TV while the Celtics playoff game is on is a puzzling choice. Took forever to get someone to change the channel after several customer requests.If speciality items are unavailable there should be alternate menu items added or a specials board. It would be more understandable if a smoked BBQ item was unavailable on a particular day.Not the best value for the price. They do not validate parking and their lot is completely under construction and unavailable."}, {"review_id": "DAhvnbnHqdTQDF1PHTnhsA", "user_id": "uLbpwasj1c4s4juG8-A2qA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/19/2017", "text": "Whyyyy did it take me so long to go here!! Blind Pig Pizza is right across from the Convention Center/Marriott Hotel which is a perfect walking distance. I'm so glad I finally came over here because it is delicious!!We started off with the fried cheese appetizer and it is AMAZING! The portion is small though so I wouldn't recommend it for more than 2 people. I could've eaten the entire thing myself honestly, it was that good!For my pizza, be sure to check out the special that they have that night because it is usually the best one! My coworker has gotten their special twice now and he's said it's been the best out of all of his trips there!I tried the Bittersweet pizza. It was heavenly! The ingredients seem a little wonky, but I love trying funky combinations like that! Trust them (and me) on this one - it's delicious!!They were also running a Cards against Humanities game night while we were there. And they have several TVs on both the bar and restaurant sides so they'll have the game on for you!Don't forget to check into your yelp app and get 10% off!! Love this place!"}, {"review_id": "NEaEs4dG1ADFLGcsHq8P3Q", "user_id": "mcrLtjgF3tpgmtI18wVwjQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/20/2018", "text": "Where do I begin?    Wonderful place. The manager Andreas was amazing- he made us feel so welcome as we sat at the bar on our first visit there. He took the time to answer our questions about food and beer which I must say was a excellent selection. The beer selection was outstanding,  offering something to appeal to everyone's palate.  We ordered a burnt ends pizza & sausage pizza which had thin crust. It was by far the most amazing pies we've ever had.  We enjoyed watching staff prepare appetizers.The music was very retro and at a perfect volume so that we could rock out while still carrying on a conversation.   This place gets it, another gem owned by the man who started Bears smoke house . They are a company who pays their staff a living wage.  By far the best pizza I think that I've ever tasted"}, {"review_id": "5Tdm_5FN0E5EF5_3L0wAhA", "user_id": "OpbIvaiLwweUltLKpVqOFg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/9/2018", "text": "This place is decent, but I think it is very over hyped.  It has a cool atmosphere and the menu seems decent and creative, but in execution I left wanting more.  We started with shishito peppers, and when done correctly they can be aamazing, but these were very plain. For the 3 of us we got two pizzas: the chicken bacon ranch and the black soppressata.  They were both so so and I would honestly not order them again. If we visit again I will probably try one of the BBQ pies."}, {"review_id": "xgN7m-kro_jIzOjF2_lD3w", "user_id": "mR8n3t4alXyuDxx8mKF9vQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/4/2017", "text": "Is this a metaphorically blind pig because it doesn't know it's being lead to the bacon house? Whether this question is ever answered makes not difference to my stomach, as everything here was tasty. Many pigs gave their lives... Upon walking in I was offered a table or the bar, both have a full menu so I sat at the bar. Because I had nothing but time I started with their platter of cheeses and meats.  The black garlic something more unique and added a wonderful flare of flavor to everything I added it to. It didn't take me very long to finish my app and move on to the main course which was the chicken wing pizza. They make all their pizzas in a brick oven that can be seen upon walking in. My chicken wing pizza was no exception and came with a nice soft crust that had just a little bit of that delightful char on the bottom to give your taste buds a little pop of authenticity. The chicken wings that they pulled apart and added to the pizza weren't overly spicy and made for good eats. I would totally recommend checking this place out if you find yourself in Hartford. I am rating it at four stars because this place packs a slightly noticeable punch to your wallet given their portion sizes are on the small side."}, {"review_id": "JIZ9wWDQeX4Xs4Bu6JeUUg", "user_id": "b_TVcfvfmMd532KG9vwMYA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/28/2018", "text": "Amazing pizza!!! And cocktails! The pizzas come in personal sizes although we definitely had leftovers we could get away with one pizza and an app for sure. I had a white sauce pizza and my bf enjoyed a bbq based pizza. They had parm, red peppers, and  crushed ranch Doritos in a shaker. I had no idea what it was until I asked and it really is a game changer. They do not validate parking but the bar next door does if you go in and grab one beer it's worth it!"}, {"review_id": "uslB4EdcJ3YTU88ZDPcqUg", "user_id": "VFcuBm5eF9-kfJuUoPovPw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/25/2017", "text": "My husband and I were in town for our wedding weekend and stopped at the sister restaurant Bear's for lunch and the food was AMAZING. Someone mentioned that they also owned The Blind Pig so we stopped here between appointments for lunch the following day. Everything was so amazing that we had all of our out of town guests meet here for an impromptu lunch the day after! All of the guys in our group are huge craft beer fans and were ecstatic about the beers they had on tap. We tried a few craft cocktails, and tried the charcuterie board and a few different pizzas which were all awesome. This was definitely everyones favorite stop during our trip, and will be one of our go tos next time we are in town."}, {"review_id": "9O978_BSLowgygnVue4XBQ", "user_id": "-7XCV9nBzzcIurD_5AXshw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "6/21/2017", "text": "There is nothing \"blind\" about the Blind Pigs nommy creations and concept. I love how they redid the decor and set up from the former Bear's BBQ. We came in pretty late, 7:30 pm-ish, on a rando weekday, so it was pretty empty. As such we expected great service, but ya know how sometimes when its empty, servers think thats a great time to check their cell phones instead of taking care of their customers? No such thing here! Our waiter was great and attentive the entire night & completely cool with the fact that we had our infant son with us. They seated us in the front - how daring!Their beer menu was a decent size. Not huge, but I liked that they had a lot of beers that I don't see too often. for an appetizer, we got the New England Style Steamed Buns. Love the crispy bun, though not what I was expecting (not the traditional soft asian bun). Overall, I thought the appetizer was tasty, but I didn't find the flavors very discernible. The pork bun, kimchi, and general tsos sauce all melded into one flavor. I ordered the Bittersweet and my husband ordered the Whole Hog. Now those were some excellent pizzas! Loved the slight sweetness of the bittersweet. The truffle honey with the caramelized onions and salty bacon were on point. The Whole Hog was surprisingly not too heavy and had a really nice balance. What a great idea to put cracklins! It was super tasty. My only complaint is after spending $10 on an app, $11 and $14 each pizza, 2 beers, I was still hungry (ok my husband did walk away with 2 slices of his pizza)! I'll definitely be back, but just know it is not just to satisfy a regular pizza craving."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/the-blind-pig-pizza-hartford?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]