[[{"review_id": "GjwzC7dF7-YUbtIPL-hC5w", "user_id": "J34auKvN9UZWFx98CubtjQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/20/2018", "text": "Yummy food for your soul.  I am often excited to try my peoples food.  Some of them hit it out of the park and some have a few misses.  Sandra hits hard!! First, don't be alarmed with the beverage pricing. They are severed in a 32 ounce plastic container, lol used to getting that with a straw hole in the lid. Loved it!!Next, arrival of smack yo mama good cornbread.  Everyone liked the yam cornbread but I loved the regular. We all ordered different things so we could taste.  My favorite was the fried shrimp.  By far the best I have tasted.  Chicken was good, but not better than mine so I reserve the distinction of \"best.\"Collards and yams were lip smaking and the potato salad was delicious.  Mac n cheese was buttery cheesey good.  I could not stop eating.  Oh yeah, the catfish and ribs were good. I could still taste the food all the way back to Jersey. My daughter plays for UNH lax team and I promised her a trip there everytime she scores a goal.  Score on daughter."}, {"review_id": "3s2VoXpVko82ZhMppkY3xw", "user_id": "wMf2y3fBQnIdQYAT92cZ_w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/27/2018", "text": "This is an amazing place to get your fill of southern comfort food. You feel like you're truly immersed in the New Haven community and the setting is great for catching up with friends or just wolfing down dinner after a day that's lasted way too long. Highlights include the catfish, fried chicken, collard greens and sweet potato fries."}, {"review_id": "4LvW3ELtLAiIY97GleW_hQ", "user_id": "OY0fkbqX-Yyp5POgB2BEMw", "rating": 2.0, "date": "4/1/2018", "text": "Two stars because who doesn't love overly buttered cornbread and service with a smile!  My guest had the fried chicken, mac n cheese, candied yams while I ordered the \"vegetarian\" option of black eyed peas, mac n cheese and collard greens.Complete disappointment.  Chicken although fried and cooked well barely had seasoning, candied yams had about 1lb too much sugar and the mac n cheese was just bland, bland, bland!  Somehow they failed to add cheese and flavor to this dish.  Why were the collard greens SO sweet?!  The black eyed peas were actually ok, although sweet as well after many bites.  Perhaps the cooks mistook sugar for salt today, I've certainly done that!If for some reason I did return, it would be carry out only!  This place is chaotic and everyone is confused.  After being seated at a dirty table and waiting 10 min, I had to walk up to the counter and ask for menus.  Server finally came for our order and it was smooth sailing after that (for us) although we were there for 1.5 hours, way too long imo, but it was busy.  I noticed the table next to us, while some of the folks were served entrees, the other person had to wait about five min for her meal.  As that party left and tables were cleared, cleaning was blindly done (with a very dirty rag I assume). There were still crumbs all over the table and another couple was seated.  Don't even bother with the bathroom, toilet paper all over the floor, overfilled trash and a bunch of hair in the sink."}, {"review_id": "albJeWp_fI4k4Tqt0B5-Jg", "user_id": "DUrsS30l9H6tIcmU9s00ug", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/20/2018", "text": "I spent five hours walking around aimlessly in the woods, because my gf wanted to go hiking. This was the reward that kept me from jumping off a cliff when we may have been lost for almost half of the time.Stopped in early on a Sunday night, the place was super busy with both takeout and sitdown orders. We waited about 15 minutes for a table to be cleared off, but never felt forgotten with employees regularly checking in on us. My gf and I ordered sweet teas, which came in large plastic soup containers and two glasses.  I really appreciated the semi-self-service portions, one because it was delicious and two because of how busy the restaurant was.I ordered the fried chicken, fried catfish, collard greens, and mac & cheese. The fried chicken had no grease and wasn't overly-breaded, but still had crunch and not just crisp. I wish the catfish had the same seasoning as the chicken, but the fish itself was tender and like the chicken - not greasy to any extent. The collard greens had no bitterness and you could actually taste the bacon even with a bite of only greens. The mac & cheese was thick with a good blend of cheeses that you won't get bored with."}, {"review_id": "XSKNhcj9R6Et2GQJraEujg", "user_id": "W-8nzvd9WQXoEg4---44Wg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/3/2018", "text": "My partner and I came on a dreary Friday night after longing for this visit for months, and were welcomed in by delectable smells and the warmth of the soul food awaiting us. We were seated at the high-bar stool tables quickly and were attended to immediately with water and corn bread. They suggested the sweet potatoe, which was basically a less guilty form of cake. Da. Damn.After looking over the menu, we decided on the jerk chicken (I know I know, this place isn't Jamaican, but I was craving it), BBQ Pork Ribs, BBQ Chicken Wings, and Blackened Shrimp special of the day. For our sides we went with the mac and cheese, the sweet potatoe fries, fried plantains, and collard greens. All entrees came with a side of rice and beans, hallelujah.It's hard for me to explain the level of flavour that was afforded to us this night, but holy damn the food was good. The Chicken Wings were just perfectly cooked to the right amount of fried before drizzled in sauce while being succulent, the Ribs were some of the best I've had that, while not falling off the bone immediately, retained so much flavour, the Jerk Chicken was packed with aroma, while the Blackened Shrimp was probably my least favourite one, but still tasty. As for the sides, everything surpassed my expectations except the mac and cheese, which I thought could use a bit more goo-eyness to it. The plantains were just crisp enough to retain the caramelized sugar without tasting like the bottom of the pan, the collard greens had the perfect texture with the right amount of sweetness to it and the sweet potatoe fries delivered as promised.On top of all that, the place was so warm and friendly, we had such an amazing time. Shout out to our waiter Marquist {without the 'e'} who took care of us."}, {"review_id": "f33IypabadnC15iRpFc3ww", "user_id": "1CYyU8Kh6w32wdqNpHt32A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/27/2018", "text": "Omg! The barbecue chicken is super moist flavorful & melts in your mouth. The sweet potatoes corn bread is nothing you've ever had before. It was sweet buttery and warm. Just perfect! Our food was hot as if mama just made it. The staff were supper nice but the restaurant could be bigger & nicer. With all traffic in there and the great tasting food, I'm surprised it's that small. Hopefully when I go back and I will be back in new haven it will be relocated or redone. This food will have someone driving out of state to get!!! Mmmmmm delicious!"}, {"review_id": "LWURaXZ_vT28Jt2P8YirJg", "user_id": "FYGk3GLazImbflJMiIhoSw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/14/2018", "text": "My partner and I came here after a long day of getting lost on the Sleeping Giant Mountain. We originally planned to go to Frank Pepe's but they ran out of clams!? Instead of getting a cheese pizza, we came to Sandra's. My partner and I shared an appetizer of sweet and sour and BBQ wings. The sauces were too sweet for our tastes and would not recommend these to others. For my entrée, I got fried chicken and pulled pork with sides of mac and cheese and plantains. The fried chicken was AMAZING. It was perfectly seasoned and fried golden brown. The pulled pork left a lot to be desired; it was served without any sauce and pulled pork without BBQ sauce reminded me a little like canned tuna. I checked in with my Yelp app and received a free dessert. The fridge had several different cakes and I chose the strawberry white cake. I was so full and didn't eat it until the next day but the slice held up great. Service was as attentive as it could be for such a busy place. The place is small and there was take-out and dine-in crammed inside so it seemed very hectic. However, we were able to get our order and food at a reasonable time. The short of it is, get the fried chicken. It was the best thing on the menu and possibly the best fried chicken I've ever had."}, {"review_id": "inAOUldCIdX4BPp5y15ILQ", "user_id": "_yrWWc93xAK1f-WZ2Bvo9w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/3/2018", "text": "We came in here on a Friday night and the place was busy but not full. Some one came and seated us. The big tables are made out of these welded plates with a sort of distressed look. The interior is cozy but nothing too outstanding.The menu is pretty straight forward: pick how many entrees you want and how many sides you want and load up a plate. You also get cornbread as part of your meal and I recommend the sweet potato corn bread for sure. There are about a dozen of each. Entrees included some daily specials as well as some off-menu specials that our waiter, Marquist, mentioned to us as well. We ended up with jerk chicken, BBQ chicken, blackened shrimp, and pork ribs along with mac'n'cheese, sweet potato fries, collard greens, and fried plantains.In short, everything was amazing. The BBQ chicken was my favorite single item on the plate probably followed by the cornbread. The shrimp was also excellent and plantains were done perfectly. On top of the great food, Marquist took good care of us and the everyone working at SNG was friendly and helpful.Overall, I would say it was worth the two years of build up (I had it on my list for that long). I would not hesitate to come back here for food in New Haven."}, {"review_id": "IAHNXMFtZlVphOzR3J48gg", "user_id": "U4INQZOPSUaj8hMjLlZ3KA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/10/2018", "text": "If one had to think about a \"least likely to succeed on an Ivy League Campus\" Restaurant concept based on admissions and stereotypes alone it would be hard to argue that Soul Food was not in the top five, yet steps from Yale it is said some of America's best Collard Greens and Fried Chicken are being cooked by a woman named Sandra Pittman and on Saturday those rumors turned out to be right.Located at 636 Congress Avenue and open Wednesday through Sunday for lunch and dinner, an unpretentious façade and several people hanging out in front of a nearby storefront not particularly inviting but at the same time non-threatening, it was sometime around 4:00pm that the door of Sandra's Next Generation was opened with a smell of Red Pepper and roasting Meats quickly filling nares, the last table for two quickly taken in a place that offers seating for twenty and a waitress quickly stopping by with a menu.Clearly a neighborhood favorite, the take-out line constantly 4 to 14 deep throughout the course of a sixty-five minute stay during which the majority was spent waiting after an order was placed, it was listening to 70's Soul and Hip-Hop while chatting with neighbors who were regulars that time passed quickly, Sandra's story told on some literature where she speaks of learning at the knee of her mother, a cook she reportedly still aspires to equal some day.Apologizing more than once for the wait when topping off water, though in reality there was nothing to be sorry about as every cook and server was busting a hump to keep up with the non-stop line, it was alongside a two-meat and two-sides combo plate that complimentary Cornbread was presented, a top heavily painted in melted Butter moistening the dense crumb with light sweetness while a complimentary taste of Candied Yam Cornbread that Sandra has been working on proved  even better with a Sticky Toffee Pudding texture and flavor not far off from the traditional Soulfood Side.Moving next to the main plate, two full Wings and a juicy Pork Chop both deeply penetrated with spices and cooked crisp without any residual grease, the meal's true highlight was actually impeccable Greens that remained  snappy despite being fully cooked in Pork and  Peppers while the partially crunchy Mac n' Cheese was also good, though not as memorable as a complimentary scoop of Banana Pudding that featured big chunks of Fruit in a creamy base with Nilla Wafers crumbled and added later to prevent them from getting soggy and wet."}, {"review_id": "YSxcKe8uOmdMwo4YrhFRtw", "user_id": "TMKUWtlTdXRyDBWgi0hl3w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "I have enjoyed their food! The yams, the sweet potato fries, the Mac and cheese!!! Get the church meal, with the wings... the curry is good as well.  I have been there 2 times the past 3 weeks! I recommend to order the food and pick it up... they do need to do a little upgrade and have more condense table and chairs but within time that will have to occur.  Go there, get your soul food on! Wish I was going there today"}, {"review_id": "dtfc2VSCQzGfSV_2uxuz1g", "user_id": "aBt3XoaL2pihWUcRpfmfBg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/19/2017", "text": "Yum! Yum yumm. I wish I could eat Sandra's all the time. My friends told me about it after their visit and I was hoping to go since it is far from me. I finally got the chance to go! I came from NYC and it was worth the trip. The prices are soooo good for the amount of food given. I wanted to try everything but I couldn't look greedy.There's two different combos. The first one is 2 entrées and two sides or the second one is 1 entrée and 4 sides. I chose the first one. I got the fried chicken (yummy) and blackened fish was amazing. I wish it was a tadbit bigger but my plate was big enough. I also got the macaroni cheese which was my favorite side, candied yam were great too and I ordered an extra side of collard green. All of it was great.The cornbread is well known and such a great starter. They're big too. Don't eat too many or you'll get full fast.The lemonade is amazing omg. It's very sweet and has some sort of mint in it. You have to get it. It compliments the food. The best part is the service, everyone is nice and very attentive. I made sure to check in and I got a free dessert :) The banana pudding was already pre-packaged and ready to go. I can't wait to come back. Maybe every month or something."}, {"review_id": "rgq9VrNAhKAokfqMloHdrA", "user_id": "xl9Rcs-cW9Vt4140HR03nA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/6/2017", "text": "Found this place on a list of the best fried chicken places in America. Oh boy is the fried chicken good. As well as all their other food. This place is a bit out of town and parts of it look kind of sketchy. But getting to this place is well worth the commute. I got BBQ ribs and fried chicken with collard greens and black-eyed peas. For $17 it was delicious! My friends also really enjoyed their meals as well. My friend has family down South and she attest that it was just as good as the food there. And I must say... the service is AMAZING! Our waitress was so friendly and nice. We gave her a 40% tip because she was that attentive and nice. Highly recommend. Would come back just for more fried chicken!!Tip: Check in for free dessert. CASH ONLY"}, {"review_id": "NfA_won-r18wNqlNrrZZdA", "user_id": "bI6K69Ib14ocvdMWvV1UBg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/30/2017", "text": "Sandra's Next Generation has a very homemade and Southern hospitality vibe. We were kindly greeted and sat down for a Sunday lunch, and the meal itself was delicious and generous. Feels like a place that wants you to leave happy and full!I got the Shante's plate, which is one entree with two sides. My SO got the Sharwyn's plate, which was one entree with four sides. Note that the different number of sides does not mean larger portions! My 2 side choice had similar amounts to my SO's 4 added together.+FRIED CHICKEN: This came out crispy and moist, but also super hot! Delicious with hot sauce!+MAC & CHEESE: It's not the goopy fake cheese kind, and was quite homey and delicious. I might be partial to mac & cheese though.+COLLARD GREENS: I'm a big fan of collard greens and very happy that I got them here. They have a nice bite!+BANANA PUDDING: We got this as a check-in offer and it comes in a to-go container. It is delicious but guess you can't go wrong with banana pudding.+CORNBREAD: This is complimentary, and we also got to try their jalapeno one as a 3rd piece. It was super buttery and delicious. I love the kick of the jalapeno in the one slice as well.-RIBS: My SO got this one and we both thought it was good, but nothing too special. Didn't fall off the bone as we hoped. I definitely preferred the fried chicken as an entree.All in all, a great restaurant for comfort food! Many people were getting takeout so a possible option."}, {"review_id": "omerCJGOEh-bhUca_yPg-A", "user_id": "QUs59XeHI_MVT51NYQ1aGw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/24/2018", "text": "This was a very pleasant surprise, from the moment we called in an order for takeout, to right up until we took the last bites of food. The man on the phone was friendly and able to get our order down right the first time.We pulled up the the restaurant asking ourselves, \"Is this really the place?\" only to walk in and feel right at home. Everyone in there was incredibly friendly and you could tell they took the time to get to know the regular customers. The decor was rustic and nice; quite a contrast from the outside of the building. It smelled absolutely incredible inside.The food was ready to go when we got up to the counter and the cashier double checked our call-in order to what was actually in each bag. He knew we were newcomers, and was interested in how we heard about them.When we unpacked our food at home, we were surprised at the generous portions of the entrees and sides and couldn't wait to dig in. Everything was full of flavor and cooked just right - ribs, fried chicken, catfish sandwich - not a single one of the four people eating dinner from Sandra's had a complaint. The only things said at the table were about how amazing the food was.We're all lifelong CT residents who have recently moved to New Haven and have been exploring all the different culinary options and cultural cuisines this city has to offer and so far, by a landslide, Sandra's is our favorite."}, {"review_id": "6CLOQYqhD7FBrhybfaArxQ", "user_id": "cViR4D08GYvigj9KjyG70A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/17/2018", "text": "Thank you Yelpers. Made my first time to New Haven great! A rare 5 stars for me and things weren't perfect. But the food was exceptional. First time having sweet potato cornbread. Shut the front door. Next up I ordered the smothered pork chop. It was just a little dry but still good. The lunch special comes with 2 sides. They don't tell you that the rice that came with the pork chop is a side or the Caribbean  rice that comes with the jerk chicken is a side so there was a slight charge for the extra sides. But the greens, cabbage and potato salad were well worth it. And I don't even eat rice but it was so buttery and sopping up all that gravy I couldn't help but eat it. Hubby devoured the jerk. Oh and we had to sample some fried chicken so we ordered 2 wings that were delivered piping hot. We finished off with a purple sweet potato cheesecake pie.  Omg. It got better as we ate it. They only take cash and debit cards.  So again not perfect, but the food at Sandra's is the truth. And the prices are sooo reasonable for what you get. I see why G. Garvin checked her out.. Oh and I met her on the way out. #girlcrush"}, {"review_id": "dthw8BNZqfrl3HPY9WQ2gw", "user_id": "tUi0KffAIlwBQ7WSNUP2Ag", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/28/2018", "text": "The place to go for soul food! I am from Texas and this is the only place I have seen in the northeast which gets southern food right. I usually go with the fried catfish along with okra and mac & cheese. Sometimes I get the collard greens or the kale to mix it up. I love okra and this place does it right. The other sides are good too. The fried chicken along with their catfish hits the spot. They give you a cornbread on the side which is great. I always do carry out from here but the service I have experienced is always friendly. They do take their time making the food, sometimes really long, but trust me, it's worth the wait!"}, {"review_id": "BVh7VjiMW6T-MXTfNqZfgg", "user_id": "lHS_lc4Om_j2zv7wI-is4w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/28/2018", "text": "On the rare occasion that I will be going to new haven for anything, I'm definitely stopping here. The food is hands down the best soul food I have ever had. Service has always been great and very welcoming. That corn bread is to DIE for!!!"}, {"review_id": "Tc-a9LunXS-hHPZA_7wpew", "user_id": "135DbbQnr3BEkQbBzZ9T1A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/8/2017", "text": "Eureka--I finally found a five-star restaurant in New Haven!Sandra's is exactly the kind of place that I love--a hole in the wall with dynamite food.  People aren't kidding when they say that it's small--seating consists of only four tables and a diner-style counter.  The decor is pretty basic, but the super-friendly staff more than make up for it--they make you feel like you're right at home in your momma's kitchen.As for the food itself, this is some of the best soul food I've tasted north of the Mason-Dixon line.  The chicken is perfectly fried with a light and crispy coating and a moist and meaty interior.  The catfish was also quite delicious, with a light and flaky interior and a light and crispy coating.  The sides are great as well, with the standout being the collards.  The fried okra, mac and cheese, and candied sweet potatoes were all flavorful and well-made.  The Carribbean rice and black-eyed peas are also pretty good, and go together well. The sweet tea is scrumptious and comes in a massive portion, making for a refreshing and delicious accompaniment to the food for up to two people.  Finally, you can't go wrong with free dessert--I had the peach cobbler, and it was peachy, cinnamon-y heaven.While Sandra's is in a fringe area, it isn't far from the hospital/med school and downtown and is readily identifiable.  They offer lunch specials similar to their dinner offerings, so it seems like a good option for a sit-down lunch for people who work on the west side of town.Needless to say, I was impressed and would definitely go out of my way to return.  Bravo!"}, {"review_id": "u5KlhQ5BBRzkFSEvLDZkjA", "user_id": "Y6fdKo2-Cv9mUb-Qe9TChw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "7/5/2017", "text": "Took my Mississippian husband here as a surprise, since he dearly misses his southern food and Brother Jimmy's / Bull and Swine just don't measure up. He was THRILLED. He said it tastes exactly like home and he was on cloud nine the rest of the night.It's BYOB, and I love that. It just has a great vibe, you want to hang out there. Very casual, totally affordable, completely delicious.We will be back at every possible opportunity. Make sure you wear stretchy pants, you're going to EAT!"}, {"review_id": "HoI4ucMqdx2buo_ScX_m5Q", "user_id": "Xcr65gKplzz09Dp3QNxxnA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/4/2017", "text": "Sandra's is great!  Delicious authentic food for the soul with some Caribbean classics as well.  Firstvisit  I ordered fried whiting, cabbage and mac and cheese.  Everything was EXCELLENT!  Portions were a good size- I had enough to take to-go and yet I still wanted to order more.  The iced tea lemonade was great.  Also checked in on Yelp and got free dessert...peach cobbler tasted just like down south.Prices are great.  Staff was super nice.  Our waitress was friendly and didn't mind helping us make selections from the menu.  I'll definitely be back!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/sandras-next-generation-new-haven?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]