[[{"review_id": "SooWrvWR40cRs6QAOdAeDA", "user_id": "45k7S9oHxlCAZOq0QP9C1Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "One of New Havens hidden breakfast gems. Came back here recently after not being in New Haven​ for a few years, and a few things have changed.First, the wooden door that was there years ago has been replaced with a glass door ( I approve of this change), it allows more light and a way too see ​the restaurant​. Second, they seemed to have painted and rearranged​ the photos/plaques/awards on the wall and both of these changes have given it a bright​ and much airier​ glow. What​t hasn't​ changed is the music that plays just loud enough to make you feel as if you're​ in a Miles Davis concert while eating your eggs and toast. Customer service is pretty prompt and the ladies on staff when I went were very nice ( something else that hasn't​ changed). The food is fresh, clean and tasty​, and I couldn't​ ask for more as a consumer. Still one of my favorite places to stop into when I visit the New Haven Area."}, {"review_id": "1gKf1lXAAiZFhOmsQLJtxA", "user_id": "A5pmGZ0Q9fpyGYTcZSPy6g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "Found this gem while on a quick visit to New Haven! My fiancé and I had to wait for 25 minutes outside in the sun but it was soooo worth it. I'm a huge fan of omelettes and home fries and I can honestly say, this is one of the BEST I've had in my LIFE. I ordered an omelette with spinach, tomatoes, onions, ham, and bacon and a side of home fries... WOW! The omelette was full of flavor, texture was amazing, and it was SO fulfilling! Home fries were delicious.I've bookmarked this place under my faves because I definitely want to come back!"}, {"review_id": "91hY08NoTCwdXXDMKA-WrQ", "user_id": "sGP9iOL4rJIE6M76ozY-2g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/19/2018", "text": "I love the sunny vibe here. Came here during weekend a few minutes before 8am and there was still a lot of nice comfy tables. Then promptly at around 8-8:15 there was a rush of customers. (So keep that in mind!)First things first: do you want your cuppa coffee (the drip type in a mug) is what you get asked as you're seated.Totally agree with everyone else that large stack of their famous cinnamon roll pancakes is a LOT unless you're bent on eating three dinner plate sized fluffy pancakes. It's slightly crispy on some parts and fluffy and steamy on the inside- pretty yummy.Sausage breakfast Sandwich was normal, the bagel and lox at another table looked pretty decent.Service was friendly and fast."}, {"review_id": "kOnD3byzRLv_Hu7yKPMSDg", "user_id": "wZPizeBxMAyOSl0M0zuCjg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/15/2018", "text": "Nice, cute, pleasant, delicious spot, but in the end, coming here is all about your timing. And how long you're willing to wait. On one of the coldest January days this year (so far), Tim M and I timed it so that we were behind just two other couples. But about 10 minutes later, there was a line out the door. Furthermore, being in a small party doesn't necessarily help you. They'll easily seat a 2-person party at a 4-person table if that's the order in which you came in. With that said, once we sat down, we had a pleasant brunch. Half the menu or so is benedicts, and I went for the salmon benedict. It was classic and fulfilling, with perfectly poached eggs. Those hash browns, though - some of the best!With all that we had heard about the cinnamon pancake, we ordered one for the table ($3.50). It was good but not mind blowing; maybe the idea is to get the stack instead of a single pancake. Pro tip: take it home for leftovers. When I finished it up later in the day, the cinnamon was more prominent, and I liked it a lot more overall.Coffee comes in small cups. (I don't think there are refills - or, no one ever asked us.) Hazelnut was good, but the French Roast was a bit too bitter.This spot is packed, so if you have any issues with feeling cramped, this might not be a good option for you, especially once everyone's coats are hanging on the back of chairs.Love the jazz theme as well, with \"retro\" jazz festival posters and jazz over the speakers.Quick service. Delicious food. Solid brunch."}, {"review_id": "Ef5NzWUcYp8oaIj7r3gxGw", "user_id": "CSVBWd3SOKMpFQcpgvCpWw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/23/2018", "text": "This place is it!!! As a Yale student who's been in New Haven for almost a decade now, I dub The Pantry the \"breakfast joint most worth the trip out of downtown.\" There are so many good things on the menu - I usually go for the eggs benedict and cinnamon roll pancakes, but I've never ordered something I didn't love. The one caveat, as has been mentioned, is that The Pantry's popularity results in long lines. However, if you're an early riser like me and are willing to get there by 9 am, any wait will be minimal.Negatives: cash only, crowded space, not good for large groups, lines/waits (yet somehow, the good aspects of the place overcomes all of these!)Overall: Run, don't walk, to the Pantry for (an early-ish) breakfast"}, {"review_id": "oLWvLsN9fFlY65XklYtv0Q", "user_id": "ZKr4YuXdzq41sVk-_29k-w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/20/2018", "text": "I have come here once before, but I guess I did not review it!! My review is a four star because my boyfriend so passionately loves this place, however for me personal it's really leaning more towards a 3.5 or 3. I had a special the \"Pesto Benny.\" I had never thought to mix pesto into an egg dish, so I ordered it purely for the idea. I enjoyed it, but it was a liiiiiiitle bit odd. The short stack of the Fancy French Toast was disappointing. They were just a bit underwhelming. They had no flavor outside of the bread itself and the texture wasn't even very soft. I wouldn't get those again. The egg dishes are well done. They handle eggs like you expect a griddle type diner to do them, but some stuff that can knock you out of the park when it's done on a good griddle like basic toast is good here, but not as good as other diner type places I've been. This place is CASH ONLY, so come prepared. It's a cheap eat, so we've never had issues with that, but you can't use that card!It's also tiny and cramped. They packed that place with all the tables that will fit. So, expect to be comfortable beside someone else. Also, due to the tiny space, there's usually a wait. It's all about timing to see when you'll get seated, sometimes is longer than others. Overall, the food is really basic and no frills, which is no biggie, but it isn't the best place I've been to for a basic breakfast, so it doesn't blow me away."}, {"review_id": "rTQTD7BDZtOG9-NalBzWug", "user_id": "633hkpkcPeCA_NvLWP2v1g", "rating": 1.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Not good while in New Haven visiting family. We obviously were aware that we needed cash, no card accepted at all. I walked the four blocks to the gas station they suggest and the atm was out of service.When I called the place on my way back (my party had already sat down and ordered coffee expecting everything to work out), I got a rude manager who had no answers and only attitude.To add insult to injury, parking cost money as well. It was a lose lose.Listen I hear good things about the food. I'm not debating that. I will give my money to the less trendy diner in exchange for decent attitudes.Note to management- if your to cheap to accept card, get an atm machine."}, {"review_id": "RgNEtSHo1hkxZGVupgNJFA", "user_id": "vHD6gH1GU9-qtTP_b-hypg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/2/2017", "text": "Came here on a Friday morning at around 9:30am. The place was pretty full except for two 6 person tables. I was surprised to find it this full on a Friday but glad we were able to get a seat!Between 3 people, we ordered:Short stack of cinnamon roll pancakes (5/5) - Delicious! A little on the sweet side by itself so I didn't add much syrup to this.Eggs benedict (4/5) - Loved the toasty buttery english muffin that this comes with. 2 egg breakfast w/ bacon (4/5) - Simple but good, the potatoes on the side were crispy even though they were not deep fried. The bacon here is really good too, very crispy.The portions were good, not too much food and not too little. Unlike other breakfast joints, this place didn't make me feel disgusting and fat for the rest of the day. Everything came out to ~$29 before tip which included the above dishes and coffee. This is a very homey, local place that serves food at reasonable places. I'm a fan!"}, {"review_id": "NcqH6VleHUdRwGmADntf5w", "user_id": "Ff4nycAyaYsASUSXk7aIeg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "12/27/2017", "text": "This place is cash only and they have a small parking lot in the back, which is super convenient. I like how they have lox offered  in many of their dishes because I love salmon! I had the lox scrambled and our table split the cinnamon roll pancake. Overall it was good, fairly priced. We had come in for breakfast and it wasn't busy but took us some time to get seated. I wasn't in a rush so it wasn't a problem, but it felt like we were being ignored. The person who was serving us forgot some of the sides we ordered and we actually tried to get her attention a few times for more water and she walked away/turned away or maybe she didn't hear us. I don't know if other costumers felt this way. My expectations for this breakfast place were set pretty high, but to be honest I was a little let down. The food and restaurant are nice and it does have a homey/cozy feel to it, but it wasn't anything that stuck out. I'll have to come again if I'm in the area, maybe it was an off day. However, this is just one experience and opinion, I feel like other costumers may have had a better experience!"}, {"review_id": "ZmlUiOSn2jJFP_2sDcfcsg", "user_id": "nY9_O-XduinAIUgmEnXutA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/11/2018", "text": "This is an amazing brunch place and is my favorite breakfast place in all of New Haven. Absolutely worth the wait. The pantry is the perfect place for brunch. They have an awesome selection of savory and sweet breakfast/brunch options.  5/5 for food: I ordered the cinnamon swirl pancakes to share and then a Belgium chocolate chip waffle with sausage to not share. The cinnamon pancakes are to die for. They are so yummy, best combo between cinnamon and sweetness and the pancakes are the perfect level of crispy! I will say its a huge amount to eat by yourself, I'd advise sharing this plate to prevent any stomach aches from all that sugar. The belgium waffle was very good too. 4/5 for atmosphere: Only giving this a four because the restaurant is small. We went as a big group and they couldn't accommodate all 8 of us so we had to split up. In addition, the wait can sometimes be brutal for this place so I would either go on a weekday or early in the morning."}, {"review_id": "O-JD8a-GEUHXjq_tG_iuVg", "user_id": "hReXvcEru9GHVjroelVJPA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/24/2017", "text": "This little hole in the wall is perfect for the hard core brunchers! No, they don't have mimosas, but they have the best menu ever! Skip the bubbly and bring out the coffee!We were referred to this place by the locals, so of course, where the locals eat, we eat! Expect lines on the weekend out the door since there isn't a waiting area and this is a very small place. I know, being outside in line especially during winter is a lot to ask for. I wouldn't tell you to wait as long as it takes unless it was really worth it. Freezing your butt off is worth every second just to get to eat in here!There's only about 2 or 3 waitresses and they're very nice. You just have to be a little more patient for them to come around to refill you mug with fresh made coffee. They have hazelnut flavor, Colombian and French plus many other options to choose from. Ordering the french toast was totally worth it and extremely delicious. Every single plate was worth ordering but of course, that couldn't happen! I will have to come back to try everything else but for now, definitely go for the breakfast potatoes (they come sprinkled with green onions) so delicious! Their plates are perfect for sharing so it would be a good idea for each person to order something different to share. Note: this place is not spacious enough for large groups so I wouldn't recommend it for large groups!The Pantry is the perfect breakfast/brunch spot with a variety on their menu and great pricing. I will be coming back for more! Even if it's a flight and a drive away, so worth it!"}, {"review_id": "A9-HNeKZMwTN3Pw0aS1qSw", "user_id": "ErXvYM3mAR9pN_idosiJ8g", "rating": 2.0, "date": "4/16/2018", "text": "Myself and 10 other individuals went on a trip from Boston to NYC. Traveling through CT we decided to grab a bite to eat at a breakfast spot. We came across this breakfast diner and said.. \"let's give it a shot\". When you walk in, nothing says \"wow\". Very small diner with a few tables and chairs. There were a good amount of ppl in there - a bit tight, but with the amount of ppl I figured this place must be good. This place does not accept debit or credit. Cash only. After we ordered I had to walk to the nearest gas station to take money out and walk back. Our waitress is Kim. And this is where our experience began. The menu is simple and easy to read. Nothing crazy about it. The food is good! No complaint there. I personally had an omelet with bacon, cheese, dry sun tomatoes, and spinach. Also pancakes. I grubbed!  Not bad. However the service of Kim was out right awful. You should not be a waitress. Rude, loud, disrespectful - and condescending.  Whether she knows it or now, she is. Every time someone asked to change something during their order, she was unable to. For instance, if you would have wanted to substitute something for something else, no. Everything was no. I personally asked for provolone cheese (not knowing that the menu specifically gives you the cheeses they have - that's on me) but when I did she said to me \"does it look like we have provolone cheese\". Essentially, she was a smart ass, snappy, always had something to say. We wanted to let her know of her poor performance by leaving a less than like-able tip, but we understand tips are everything in that industry. So what better way to let someone know they suck than by leaving a review. If you get Kim, be firm. The same attitude she gives, give back."}, {"review_id": "VGkRmdwxIGyGjrwf3u60RA", "user_id": "5XdrMJsYEnxWgDyWRMV7cw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/26/2018", "text": "Amazing breakfast, brunch place!!!we had to wait a while( probably like 20 min) to get seated in the Sunday  morning  , but totally worth the wait!! This food place is small and cozy, feel like a family run restaurant! The food was amazing too. Unlimited   ! We ordered cinnamon pancakes( 3 large stacks) , lox scrambled , and omelette ! Can't make better choice than this! We would definitely return to this place! The bill came out to be 40 bucks total . Not a cheap restaurant for sure but the food quality and quantity made up for it! Yums:)!"}, {"review_id": "IHi3ZvDBS_ltaAfxhvOKlw", "user_id": "E9HEwresZmyEjPc_ERGJYg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "This is the perfect brunch spot. The service was quick, and the food is delicious and inventive. I shared the cinnamon roll pancake and an omelette with a friend, and both were great. The omelette in particular was soft, and the hash browns were crispy on the outside, soft on the inside, and well seasoned. I'm definitely coming back!"}, {"review_id": "lwRJwdUjRZ82qOrKeSGdWw", "user_id": "6ucCw9uelYXfaOajQvQyng", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/26/2018", "text": "This is my second time here, everything i ordered is always on point. I have had the scramble tofu it is delicious the home fries are so good also. I had the eggs benedicts and they are very good. Its kind of hard to find parking sometimes because there is a small parking lot in the back and im not sure if there is street parking near by. Its a small place and sometimes there could be a long wait on the weekends."}, {"review_id": "quNSfjMNi1MYNfb1-KDYTQ", "user_id": "9hvm17O89JE3Gv63glW7TQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/22/2017", "text": "Best brunch in New Haven. It's no surprise that there's a line out the door on the weekends. The Pantry excels at both Eggs Benedict and a wide assortment of pancakes, some with delicious fruit toppings (like blueberries) and others with more indulgent ingredients (chocolate chips). The home fries are also quite good. The Pantry is cash only. So come prepared."}, {"review_id": "Y3EDAKebnmeOXGEnaZz7cQ", "user_id": "wr7e1tTgza1nZL1YozoYGg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/11/2017", "text": "CASH ONLY! ATM across the street.I love love love checking out local diners. The feeling is always warm and cozy upon walking into the neighborhood diners. Seeing patrons know the serving staff and catchinng up on how loved ones are doing is endearing to watch.ORDER- Cinnamon roll pancakes: Upon sitting down, I saw the girl next to me unable to finish the 3 large cakes. I opted for the short stack bc I didn't want to take home leftovers. I do wish there were more cream cheese icing on the other slices like how IHOP does, but I was able to sweeten up my last 2 pancakes with healthy douses of syrup. Not overwhelmingly sweet like IHOP.- Fresh strawberries: Super fresh and ripe. I was really surprised with the amount served for the price and the season (november, cold AF).- Eggs blackstone: came with cantaloupe and homestyle fries. Bf loved how perfectly seasoned the fries were.Overall, it's a small and cozy brunch spot that serves up late into the afternoon. The line is usually out the door on the weekends. If you're a group of 2, you'll be fast tracked to any opening table. It was our first time here, and we only had to wait 10min at around 11:30ish on a Saturday. Service is friendly and prompt with coffee refills. Super reasonable prices and portions where you can choose if you want to be put into a food coma or not. Love it!"}, {"review_id": "w6u_JV043hukg3vXmNhlAA", "user_id": "7we5gLnqj9MSUX5cAK_6lg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "1/8/2018", "text": "This establishment is cash only in 2018. That alone makes me knock off a star. I'm not sure why people consider this place brunch given its diner atmosphere and lack of mimosas. The place is small and fills up quickly. I came with a few friends and found seating immediately but within 20 minutes, there was a line of people waiting to be seated. Personally, I don't see what draws people to this place. Maybe it's nostalgia? I don't know the history of The Pantry but it looks like it's got some character.The food was okay but nothing was particularly extraordinary. I ordered a short stack of chocolate chip pancakes, bacon and scrambled eggs with cheese.  The eggs came with a square of barely melted cheese on top. The cheese was actually cold because when I tried to mix the cheese into the eggs, it simply wouldn't. I assumed the cheese would be blended with the egg before it got to me.With that being said, the hot chocolate was delicious. It tasted like they use milk and not just water. But honestly, it's not hard to make a decent hot chocolate. I wouldn't be a regular even if I lived within walking distance."}, {"review_id": "DJFiEm5YtwcAW472mRsuNQ", "user_id": "Mfhk2DbSVUHGUWPqv1tH1A", "rating": 3.0, "date": "12/20/2017", "text": "There is always a line for this place! But I can see why.Breakfast made the way it should. A cozy little breakfast spot that provides the feeling of a home cooked meal. The line for the pantry can sometimes go down the block but this little gem in East Rock is worth the wait. They serve all your traditional breakfast offerings: pancakes, waffles, omelets, eggs, you name it! I happen to come on a day that they were serving Shakshuka (a dish of eggs poached in a sauce of tomatoes, chili peppers, and onions, often spiced with cumin.) This was the perfect dish for a chilly day. Hot sizzling egg platter with a warm spicy tomatoe sauce that just heats you up. Served with toast, this is the perfect fall dish. I also ordered the cinnamon swirl pancakes? they were fluffy, sweet, and delicious. Not decadent so you can finish the whole stack! I really enjoyed my meal here and I would come back."}, {"review_id": "LA_4loyGGLy3596_nSBlJg", "user_id": "QtbnTHpXf7qdKDQ-CULifw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "7/24/2017", "text": "This is THE place to go for brunch--while hungover, or after a long night of studying, or if you just really want giant pancakes...The wait: seating's usually available right away on weekdays, but you probably will have to stand in line outside the establishment on weekends. At it's busiest, I've probably never waited over 30min. The place: it's really small and cozy, where your back is near-touching the person behind you, but it's not too small where it feels like you're all one giant party. As a grad student in the area, you do kind of run into everybody, though, so just be prepared for that.The food: They have free refills on coffee, and their hazelnut one is incredible. Their California Benedict is to die for (although I'm biased, because I like avocado anything), with perfectly runny poached eggs. The tofu scramble is a great vegan alternative, and it's very well-seasoned. Their cinnamon pancakes are HUGE and so fluffy. You probably won't even need maple syrup because the cinnamon sugar swirled within them are so perfectly integrated. PS: it's cash only!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/the-pantry-new-haven?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]