[[{"review_id": "giV6G829kpPNuAibran3Ow", "user_id": "45k7S9oHxlCAZOq0QP9C1Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "Absolutely love this place!​This place used to be an old stomping ground for my friends and I that had everything​ we needed; booze, food, ​and dancing.  It's​ centrally located on Crown street and easy to get to on foot. Parking like anywhere else in New Haven can be a bear, but if you find a park on the side street you're​ golden for a quick walk from the car to the bar.  New Haven​ is known for Yale's​ presence so be aware that most of the occupants after a certain hour will be college students who are looking to blow off steam and eat some tasty​ pizza. That being said, during the day it's​ a great place to come and get pizza and their famous bar salad with friends or coworkers. When its warm enough and New Englands weather cooperates they open the door in the main room ( which has the pool table) and a cool breeze can be felt. Try the pizza and bacon mashed potato pizza if you stop by, it's​ amazing. Trust me it may seem like a strange combination, but its​ more than worth the taste."}, {"review_id": "sD75EisldflYiM5RMKok0A", "user_id": "CoBE1CdRpBlsXHnzNelaYQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "I've had mixed experiences here, mostly positive. It attracts large groups of college students (they tend to travel in packs), and the atmosphere is correspondingly loud and hectic. The pizzas themselves are generally good-- you pick your own toppings and sauce, so the combinations can be more or less tasty, depending on how you choose.There really isn't much of a menu besides pizza. Their one salad tastes decent but the proportions are off; with way too much dressing, very sweet pecan topping, and big clots of bleu cheese, this feels more like a low-carb pie than like a salad. Their house beers are good, but again, nothing super special.I find this to be one of the better places for a casual dinner in downtown New Haven, but it's not worth waiting 40 minutes or more for a table-- as sometimes happens, especially on weekends. Don't bother with the \"brunch,\" which is just \"breakfast pizza\" with eggs on it. Seriously."}, {"review_id": "xqyG_asI3aPfStKL08RJTw", "user_id": "Ec42OP-OQAqXPzUaOYRmDw", "rating": 2.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "I was not happy with the pizza here. I'm not a huge New Haven pizza fan, but I've had much better at other places nearby. This pizza was so thin I practically needed 3 hands to hold it, and once it got a bit cooler it got really brittle. We were in large group and got a few large pizzas (red cheese, bacon, mashed potato, and white cheese). I tried all of them, they were fine. The last one I had was the white cheese, and I realized what the first three were missing (and the white one had): seasoning.I don't see the appeal of this place or this pizza. With so many great places in the area, why settle?"}, {"review_id": "6A7xiCJe9ouPvMguWVZNdQ", "user_id": "jmSIjX2GMkIBXNVDXw2tyA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/25/2018", "text": "While most people will respond with Modern Apizza or Frank Pepe's when asked what the best New Haven pizza is, my response is always a resounding BAR.Hidden in plain sight, you may have seen BAR at night with a line of twenty-somethings waiting to get their party on, but little do they know, BAR serves amazing pizza (it's actually the only food they serve). When coming here, there is one item you must try: the white pizza with mozzarella and topped with fresh littleneck clams. The thin crust is nice and crispy, albeit only for a short while before the juicy clams soften things up. But everything about this pie is just a perfect amalgamation of umami goodness. You have the garlic working in perfect harmony with the rich cheese and its all contrasted with the briny clams. Nothing overpowers here and its all gone in an instant.If you are a pizza lover (but then again who isn't), you would be doing yourself a disservice for not coming to BAR. You will never see thin crust pizza the same again..."}, {"review_id": "qwLw1wAAxiZ_h_62zMphxw", "user_id": "1MDc4mt9p1vWt3_T3Ty5xw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/14/2018", "text": "We went to BAR which is the favorite of most of the college kids (we were told) in town. The pizza there was pretty good, they're famous for their mashed potato and bacon pizza.One note on BAR, they're a little too hip for their own good sometimes, and they lack in some of the soft skills. I.e. their hostess was too cool for school. Honestly, it wasn't for me. I couldn't really get past the bizarre flavor of potatoes on the pizza, it would've been better had the potato been sliced thinly than as mashed potatoes. But the mashed potatoes were also just mealy also, all in all disappointed in that toppings choice.But we ordered a second pizza, as one does normally, with more traditional toppings and the end results were heavenly. The crust was cooked well, but I tend to still find it comical that any place calls itself an Italian pizza shop. Pizza's in the States across the board have too much sauce, too much cheese, and too much toppings creating an end result that is overpowering. True Italian cooking is: less equals more, American commercial Italian cooking is: more more more.Don't get me wrong, BAR's pizza is perfectly fine, in fact it's really good. But to me it's not Italian pizza, okay I'll get off my soap box now."}, {"review_id": "AcM89KiaguIr_utVaP7J6A", "user_id": "DcFlCrhPCdUxN2FHGuKVsA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/17/2018", "text": "Bacon Mashed Potato pizza was underwhelming but still something you should try. If you don't like thin crust pizza, this is not the place for you.We had a large party try to dine in but they require that everyone show their ID to get a seat (a little crazy since we weren't even ordering drinks).As for the pizzas themselves - I tried a margarita pizza (red pie with tomato and basil) and also the famous bacon mashed potato which pie. the margarita was far better in my opinion. The mashed potato pie tasted like pita chips dipped with fluffy mashed potato... I did really enjoy their crusts, it was charred and crispy."}, {"review_id": "zEoclRYglCh2xr8mAhHvpQ", "user_id": "-RO4tDPCax4p1dYIaSnEHA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "The pizza is beyond amazing, you can't go and won't go wrong with the mash potatoe pizza pie with pepperoni or sausage.The atmosphere is pretty loud even for a Monday and not being at 100 percent occupancy it was up there.The menu is very limited you have the choice of Pizza or Salad. The pizza is made quick so I wouldn't recommend this place for a date night but more so a great after work spot or for the family. The drinks were pretty good,the music ok its pretty dim in the place so be prepared for the the near candle light dinner without the romantic vibeOverall it's definitely a place to try and try again and I'm sure you will enjoy"}, {"review_id": "SeFK8ekn8ii9MsWgAG7GNA", "user_id": "GwuxLLp2tkU0Rhr87tKIIA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "The mashed potatoe on a red pie was delicious. Me and my gf's ate it within minutes lol #savages"}, {"review_id": "94YnE_E786_so840mix9LA", "user_id": "0auqluusTrYQ0mEVUWbFvQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/31/2018", "text": "You can come here for pizza, pool, and dance in a club! I didn't know there was so much to do, I thought it was just pizza and drinks. Originally I was going to carry out but while waiting for the pizza we saw the pool table and before you know it. It became a dine in with games of pool in between each slice.I ordered the mashed potato pie and the buffalo chicken pie. The mashed potato pie was a first for me, the creamy potatoes really lend a hand in coating your mouth with all the flavor. The buffalo chicken pie was a bit salty but the bleu cheese and buffalo sauce was a great combo!"}, {"review_id": "lSrEJ2GqTVXupNJo307bcg", "user_id": "ACEaoMHDctUtVyY55yBpzQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/6/2018", "text": "Whenever I'm anywhere near New Haven, I feel like I'm obligated to visit any apizza joint because they have a unique style and flavor all their own.  After checking out some reviews on Yelp, I found myself at BAR.  The white pie with mashed potatoes and bacon was recommended in many reviews and my server said it was what they're know for.  I actually thought the pie didn't really live up to the hype.  It was good, but had a soggy crust and it was not really pizza in my opinion.  We also ordered a red pie with mozzarella (also commonly referred to a \"plain pie\"), and that was more like it.  It was really tasty......the crust however was very thin, especially compared to a lot of other apizza places in the area.  They have just 1 salad option and it comes in 2 different sizes.  It had leafy greens, apple slices, blue cheese chunks  and pecans mixed in a vinagarette dressing........which didn't really appeal to me at first, but after tasting it, I found it to be surprisingly awesome.  The space itself has a really cool vibe.  Dark wood surrounds you and a couple of bars make for an old school steakhouse type of feel.  The menu consists of 1 page of pizza and about 5 pages of beer and spirit choices.  I didn't drink any alcohol when I visited but they had some really interesting options.The pizza was the reason why I went, so for that alone I can only muster 3 stars, but the overall atmosphere was really cool and the server was quick and friendly, so I'm going to bump it up to a 4 star review."}, {"review_id": "qZJPHq55_CnagLvkgQSj6A", "user_id": "a8R3JS5qXa9AjGpFCLRV5w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/1/2018", "text": "We came to BAR for my niece's birthday as a party of about 25. The staff was incredibly accommodating and gave us the side room. This was my first time here and I had an amazing time, from the service to the food. The ambience is super cool--they have a brewery, as well as an open room to play pool and a back room that has a night club-y feel. I think there are two bars (as far as I saw). I'd love to come here at night with friends!As for the pizza.......amazing. I had to try their signature bacon mashed potato and was totally blown away (I think I ate 5-6 slices...whoops). We ordered a bunch of different pies based on our servers recommendations and loved every single one of them. The servers were sweet, attentive, and accommodating to our party. Everyone had an amazing time! Will be back next time I'm in town!!"}, {"review_id": "2r9F1HFJbM6eoU8Kdqjsmg", "user_id": "nynCdsDYV1yQm69fkkCdwg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/28/2018", "text": "This was better than I had expected. A good number of beers available, split between bottled and draft. (They had a nitro available!) Bar service was quick and I enjoyed my Milk Chocolate Stout. There's a pool table (no cost- but they cap you if it's busy!). We sat down for pizza (group of 5) and got a large pepperoni red pie and a small white mashed potatoes and bacon pie. I thought the mashed potato pie was so good! Would recommend. I thought the pepperoni pie was mediocre. We weren't completely full - I'd order a medium and a large between 5-6 people if I went again. Service is a little spotty and rushed, but they said they were busy. We had pitchers of their mules and really liked the Green Chili Mule!"}, {"review_id": "zHaW4HcH79TVsFnzexHKzw", "user_id": "Mfhk2DbSVUHGUWPqv1tH1A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/21/2017", "text": "This is the more modern and hip cousin of all the other established pizza places in NH. BAR is offers a much more contemporary atmosphere with a seating area one side in front of wall to ceiling windows and on the other side you have these long tables and benches situated next to an old beer distiller and this open garage doorway that opens up when the weather permits, and if you go far to the back you have a rave/dance hall. Yeah, there's a lot going on here. But, aside from the atmosphere, they are serving some excellent pies here. The most popular, and the pie I get every time, has to be the Loaded bake potato pie: Creamy mash potatoes, garlic, bacon, and cheese served on the thinnest pizza crust. So good. This pie isn't one that you can pick up and eat. Like I mentioned the crust is thin , so when it comes out fresh and loaded with all those toppings, its going to be one of those slices that might start drooping. BUT, you should never use a fork. Just give it your best shot to pick it up and get a quick bite. It tastes much better that way. Another pie they offer during the summer season is the lobster pie. This one was okay. Nice heaping chunks of lobster but with the sharp cheese they used for the pie, idk if it worked to well together. They are offer a variety of other pizza options and for the most part you can select a base pie (white or red) and go crazy with the toppings. Overall, another great pizza place and I haven't had a bad experience here yet. The staff is great and they have a bar that offers a huge list of beers."}, {"review_id": "F-FmYQkw2NvRe42ki7uERw", "user_id": "U4INQZOPSUaj8hMjLlZ3KA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/3/2018", "text": "Not about to get lost in the land of Frank Pepe's, Modern Apizza and Sally's, the promise of brick oven Pizza, freshly brewed Beer and Dancing luring in locals and Ivy League students for over a decade, it was en route from Manhattan to Mystic that a stop was made at BAR in New Haven, a nearly 45-minute wait for tables benefitting solo diners willing to dine at one of two actual Bars where the full menu is available.Originally established as a Microbrewery but quickly developing a following for New Haven's signature style of charred Pie, the Food options actually limited to just that and a lone Salad with plenty of customization available, it is shortly after seating that diners are greeted by one of several bustling staff members, Beer flowing from taps almost endlessly and Pies emerging from an enormous oven at a rate of one every couple minutes.Open every night of the week - as well as for lunch Wednesday through Sunday - with three sizes of not-quite-round Pizza presented on baking trays, it was perhaps fifteen minutes after placing an order that two \"smalls\" arrived, the bartender's flirting with an EMT in uniform unfortunately delaying water refills but the sixteen slices hot and fresh with 3-4 more than capable of sating the average diner.Reportedly using a gas oven instead of the competition's coal, an odd fact as the oven closely resembles Pepe's and Modern with Pizzaiolos using lengthy wooden peels to insert and extract Pizzas, there is nonetheless no doubt that this is New Haven-style on first taste, the Crust extra thin and medium-crisp but still capable of being folded whether one selects simple Mozzarella and housemade Tomato Sauce or BAR's signature white Pie with no Cheese but a carb-load buoyed by garlicky Mashed Potatoes and Bacon Crumbles."}, {"review_id": "HwrFZaImqC3fjyDLHkSjxg", "user_id": "fuslIq-ZJCd-qornjEokUg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/24/2018", "text": "One of New Haven's best places for Pizza. If you like a super thin crust than Bar is for you. The classic cheese pizza is always a winner. Excellent selection of beers that pair well with all their pizzas. Once you've consumed your fair share of pizza and beer go hit the nightclub. That's right... night club! Bar - what an experience!"}, {"review_id": "bTbdkXS-opRg0fsVlIjWrw", "user_id": "4jKdRw3wYpn7eUYnqbvNfw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/23/2017", "text": "Got some pizza burn from Bar. Worth it? heck yes!I am not going to debate NYC vs New Haven. But Bar would be on my top 3 list of apizza joints in New Haven.We ordered the mash potato + bacon pizza. To increase the flavor complexity, we also added the garlic. So pretty much it was a white pie topped with garlic mash and bacon.  Man, that was a delicious combination. So many flavors and textures going on here! Soft, crispy, creamy, moist, glarlickly, potatoey, savory, cheesy and of course crispy BACON!  Its an amazing feeling when all these flavors and textures get crushed in your mouth. Crust crunch, soft potatoes, and another crunch from the bacon. The nice and thin crust held up well even with the moist mash potatoes.  The crust did not go soggy till the end.  the slightly chewy crust had a nice char to the bottom.Service was excellent, no complaints."}, {"review_id": "eEMSpc9XIDwZoHVTDjCMoQ", "user_id": "kyiTnxR9oqcWPiU3JnYHUQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/21/2017", "text": "BAR is a local favorite in New Haven known for their pizza and beers. Coming here a couple times with different groups of friends, you have a choice of two different sections and bars. With booths and tables on one side and tables and a pool table on the other you'll most of the time find a place to sit, though it has been known to get busy easily. With a flight of their house made brews and a large pan size of their white clam casino or their mash potatoes pizza, you'll be yelling to make conversations with your friends during late night hours. I would say this spot is a date night spot for sure as you can do a lot here but come and sit close if you can.What I did enjoy one time was the small club scene in the back of BAR where a DJ plays music on Saturdays and you can dance the night away. There is a small couch section off to the side that you have to kind of climb into but with the tables and booths in the front section of BAR you can always find a place to rest your feet.Being from Hartford county makes it hard to get out there often but when I do go to New Haven this is usually a stop for me to make."}, {"review_id": "wwqfe70Jdf3xwrz09V6Fyg", "user_id": "yMKOTokEZ1EkL978M9fexQ", "rating": 2.0, "date": "3/30/2018", "text": "Great pizza, rude bouncers.My best experiences here have been during the non-busy hours (lunch or early weeknight dinners) because the pizza is very good, but when it starts getting busy the power hungry bouncers tend to treat every patron like a rowdy frat kid (even if you're just trying to have a nice dinner with your family.)Once when my parents were in town visiting, we showed up around 7 for dinner and I wasn't allowed in because I didn't have my ID. I am 30, was with my 60 year old parents and we were just trying to get pizza, not drink. When I was politely explaining this, the bouncer basically started ignoring me and taking ID's from people behind me from over my head. As we were leaving I saw a family go in with two teenage children... I see."}, {"review_id": "6lzeWPuVdxaMJauzD-hP6A", "user_id": "8FDeCOicvjKbzTytSldIBg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/7/2017", "text": "Bar is known for serving one of the best pizzas in the area, and I must say they do! I've been to BAR on numerous occasions and have tried a number of pizzas from here. They offer a selection of local beers along with a variety of mixed drinks. The massive thin crust pizza is served on a full sized cookie sheet with fresh ingredients and a super crispy crust. The most popular pizza here is the mashed potato and bacon pizza served white or red, in which I prefer the white. I usually opt for that or the pepperoni pizza which are both delicious. On my last visit I tried something new which was the buffalo chicken pizza which I wasn't a huge fan of. There was no blue cheese on the pizza and the buffalo sauce didn't have the kick I was looking for in it. On my last visit me and my fiance sat at the bar to avoid the wait for the table. We received our drinks and pizza fairly quickly by taking this option. Keep in mind when going to this spot between Thursday and Sunday nights you could expect a long wait. It is very popular with locals. A must-visit if you're in New Haven. You won't regret it!"}, {"review_id": "PADTRMWe9adY6RCEPpoUlQ", "user_id": "6r0fm7jOC8SO_hfx9GR-cA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/14/2018", "text": "New Haven is known for pizza. We have been to several pizza places but BAR is by far the best. Plan on waiting for a table most evenings. It is worth it. There are so many choices of toppings and you can make any combination of the choices. We never seem to order enough even though we think we have plenty when placing the order. Be confident, order that extra pie, if you don't finish it you can bring it home. Our most recent visit we ordered plain, mashed potato and bacon and the last pie had artichokes..  There are plenty of beers on available too. A nice private room in the back for parties and several bars to keep everyone lubricated. Run don't walk to BAR."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/bar-new-haven?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]