[[{"review_id": "1uPOLge3dnLAGoiWF-2SSA", "user_id": "j7QcKd-tZVEmYRZuxWpVcg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "Nothing more needs to be said about this place. The pizza is the best in North America and the vibe is perfect. And the staff are actually attentive and nice, which, I would come here anyway, but it's a plus.I look for any excuse to come to New Haven now. Maybe I just need to move there?"}, {"review_id": "fxkN9dqpdUySMvTVmSCp2w", "user_id": "DJp-RvWsIyX9z-8SN2N7Ag", "rating": 2.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "Meh. After eating at both Sally's and Modern the day before, this pizza was seriously underwhelming. The plain pie with mozzarella tasted like something you'd get out of the freezer aisle at your local supermarket. Weird that I've had frozen pizza better than \"America's best pizza\"... I should have known the billboards on the highway were a bad sign. The clams on the white clam pie were a bit rubbery and didn't taste like fresh clams, and the pie didn't have much flavor aside from the bacon, which could have been more crisp. In general, it was still pizza, and it's hard for pizza to be bad. But it wasn't particularly good, and certainly was not America's best pizza, not by a long shot. Compared with Sally's and Modern, there is a more even ratio of cheese to sauce, but the pie is greasier and the flavor just isn't there. To be fair, some of the larger pies with more toppings we saw on the way out looked better and more charred than our small pies. So maybe you need to get the huge pies with loads of toppings here. But the plain tomato and mozzarella was just meh, as was the famed white clam. Glad we came on a Monday before noon and there was no wait. If we'd waited in line for this pizza I would have been much more disappointed."}, {"review_id": "_QTTLycr6qjG_cjigbOj4A", "user_id": "eitWzXuvtzOhDfa_UXEYYg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "I wouldn't say it's as great as all the hype claims.Pro tip: there's a location right behind the main/most visible location that is the original building and generally has no wait. I'm not sure why the staff and the main location don't tel everyone in line that there's is an identical location behind it. But for no wait and the same food, go there!We got half classic half white clam. The white clam was very seafoody which I am not a fan of. The classic with mozzarella was alright but I've had better pizzas. The dough was thicker than I like.Price: the price was fair.Service: the wait staff at the back location was friendly and helpful. But they didn't get our order right on the first try."}, {"review_id": "UNdKG2eZL69emhV_N7VVQg", "user_id": "xaE18j52k1ZHPG9D-7I5xQ", "rating": 1.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "Pepe's must be nice...if you're a local. Frank Pepe must be rolling over in his grave. TL;DR: 1. Everything is confusing. Nonexistent customer service and unaccommodating staff.2. You can't order take out and then ask to dine-in if a table frees up. It's somehow impossible for them to move a takeout pizza two feet into the \"full service dining room.\"3. There are two locations right next to each other for some reason, one right off the street (a long line was forming outside), and one back behind one of their parking lots. 4. Parking is complicated and frustratingly scarce.5. The pizza isn't good! As a New Yorker, I'm used to complicated restaurant experiences, but this place takes the cake. Just getting into the place was difficult. The tiny one way street of so-called \"Little Italy\" was packed with cars and all the available parking lots were crammed full. We had to circle around twice to find a spot where we wouldn't get ticketed or towed. Once we finally parked, we walked to the location behind the lot to avoid the line out in the elements for the other location. The workers there seem to expect customers to know all the rules from the get-go. We tried to order a takeout white clam pizza for later pickup because we wanted to eat dinner somewhere with open tables. The woman at the counter looked at us like we were idiots and immediately became hostile. She started to refund the order instead of explaining anything. I guess we were expected to hang around and pick up the pie as soon as it was ready for us. We saw a table free up and decided we could just eat there instead. That's when a man came over to explain we couldn't eat the takeout pizza there, we had to order in addition to that. Okay, we'll order some other kind of food. Oh, but all the menu has are pizzas. So at this point we just decide to get out of there. At the takeout section, workers around me were nonchalantly chit chatting about weekend plans and browsing on their phones. The infamous white clam pizza comes out with a giant hole, so they give us a free small pie (you'd think this would be a good thing...) and the same counter woman proceeds to make abstract art as she slices the pies into uneven lines. She then begins rudely dismissing the customer after me because she was certain she didn't have his order and that he would need to try next door. Worst of all, the pizza was a letdown. The clams were like salty rubber balls. The paper thin crust had a healthy coating of black burnt dust on the bottom. It was like eating brine from the sea with a handful of ashes. My recommendation: don't bother!"}, {"review_id": "07OK0sfpy9c_W8Roe_ib7w", "user_id": "BkZNc6o--YKBVEGY5rJhuQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "Damn, this pizza is no joke. Dare I say I might like it a litttttttle better than NYC pizza? Maybe (don't kill me).Atmosphere: came on a Saturday 15 min before opening and line was already forming. However, right when it opened we were seated immediately. I'm sure it gets super busy over the weekends during peak lunch hours Food: God bless Frank Pepe's and their ability to do half flavored pies. Had to try the signature white clam pizza and the original tomato with mozzarella. Got a medium and it was he perfect size for two people. We were adequately stuffed.The original tomato and mozzarella: so freaking flavorful. Tomatoes and herbs, stretchy and yummy cheese. Great with a dab of red pepper. White clam: stronger cheese flavor, chewy fresh clams. What makes the pizza at the top of my list for pizzas is the dough. The crust is soft but also sturdy enough to hold the ingredients, down to the bottom tip of the slice. You taste that coal oven, but it's not too burnt and it's crispy and has a dash of sweetness to it. The dough is pure perfection. One medium pizza (half clam half original with mozz) landed us at about $30ish including a beer and a root beer and tax and tip. Decent meal if you ask me.Service: quick and friendly. They get you in and out without feeling rushed. Can't wait to go back"}, {"review_id": "3pAEeYhta9i9Lyf6SpAKLA", "user_id": "fExL6u06xTSg13k945IPAQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/2/2018", "text": "I have been in the pizza game for a little over 32 years now. I think of myself as an expert on the topic. I had heard a lot of hype about this place so my wife and I stopped on the way back from boston (it was only 25 min out of the way).The place was PACKED. People love this place and really buy into the hype... now for the review...We ordered the plain pizza with mozzarella. I did not order the white clam pizza bc that is not a pizza. A pizza is dough, sauce, and cheese. THATS IT. Anything else is a gimmick. Ok so here is my sizzling hot review...The pizza was GOOD. The crust has a soft texture and some crunch at the crust. I didnt think the sauce was the best I have had and it was a touch oily/heavy for me. I cannot say it was bad bc it wasnt. It was good but I have a lot of GOOD pizza... very few great ones.This is definitely the best pizza in CONNECTICUT because I am sure there arent too many good pizza places however in nyc this would not have the same reputation. This place would survive in nyc but it is not even in the top 5 in my opinion. This place has a cool story behind it and with some genius marketing became a destination.... it is not destination pizza... it simply is a solid pizzeria with more hype than it delivers..."}, {"review_id": "QTM30eWahFFT3JEctjmtzQ", "user_id": "9tpQZvps3NNGaxj1_cqoXQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "On the way to Providence we decided to stop by at Frank Pepe to try out their clam pizza. Having tried a bunch of pizza's in NY, none with seafood on it - we didn't know what to expect but somehow everything made sense. The flavors married well and the crust was very crispy. I don't think there a lot of places that do thin crust this good. I would also highly recommend the tomato pie, which I loved because of the simplicity of its flavors.I only wish that they had some thing for desserts."}, {"review_id": "XL7haysEl1-UKuzy9bFMmw", "user_id": "bI6K69Ib14ocvdMWvV1UBg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/22/2018", "text": "Pepe's is both a classic and historic pizza stop, reveling as one of the oldest pizzerias in the nation. I've heard about the waits here but we were lucky with a table for 2, on a Saturday lunch nonetheless. There is definitely a pizza parlor vibe and a somewhat brusque welcome as we shared a half clam and half tomato pie.+WHITE CLAM PIZZA: White sauce type of pizza with fresh clams. It's definitely on the saltier side if you're not fond of that. I for one found it to be deliciously rich and clam-y!+FRANK PEPE'S ORIGINAL TOMATO PIE: I'm not always a huge fan of tomato pizza but this was really nice! It was a stark contrast to the white clam pizza and the perfect half to our white clam. The combination of the two pizzas were complementary, making sure our meal was not too creamy and not too tomato-y. I also found the dough to be slightly chewy which I rather enjoyed. The pizza was a little on the burnt side but maybe this is something I'm not used to here yet. (Apparently that's normal for New Haven pizza?)All in all, glad I got to try out this original and historic pizza locale, and worth a visit for visiting foodies!"}, {"review_id": "rMixE-4pSpyUbE57Fk37EQ", "user_id": "tFiLJJ5bFMRaG1ujjZCcNQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/14/2018", "text": "Hello fellow travelers: apizza...is pronounced \"UH-BEET-Z\". I'll make it simple. This place is history. This place is love. It's going to be busy unless you come here right as they open at 11:00am. Wait your turn and practice patience...or get here on time.It's a well oiled machine here. The staff are professionals in regard to organization, so listen up as you walk inside. They'll tell you where to sit (the tables are all numbered).The simpler the pie here, the better the taste. I'd highly recommend getting one of their listed pizzas before creating a \"Build Your Own\". The crust is where it's at with New Haven apizza. It's actually a huge reason we travelled here. The oven, oh my! Such a work of art. Order a Foxon Park soda too! You can either get a 12oz. or 1L. The liter is a perfect amount for two people to share, though you could make do with three people I'm sure.Until we meet again..."}, {"review_id": "UFxhrsDgCQAfBqYIZRwRSw", "user_id": "jzbcBkAGC8MIYECkvuwkww", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/12/2018", "text": "Can i just start by saying, as a New Yorker and a huge fan of thin crust pizza, I have never ever finished a whole pie in one sitting, with just one other person.So pro tip: Put Frank Pepe's clam pizza on the top of your list if you're visiting Connecticut.  I went with my friend on a Thursday night, and it was pretty much packed.  Pro tip: go to the extension in the parking lot (its exactly the same - as confirmed by the waitress herself). The wait was none, they move quick here. Pies here are fresh, they have several choices but I'd say the clam one hits it out of the ball park for me. I loved it!! Probably one of my favorite meals in my 2 weeks in Connecticut. For a touristy spot, I'd say the price here is super fair for the food, and honestly thankful for them not hiking the prices up even though they're famous for what they do!"}, {"review_id": "kzQVT_4tRKXudhN-cl_UjA", "user_id": "eRl2j4ugc3cRdt4QLnEN8A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/12/2018", "text": "Pizza was on point today.  Love the thick sliced sausage and pepperoni. Not crowded and service good"}, {"review_id": "C24WVVjIlAyZu4qX9Ebd4w", "user_id": "w77vN0FEshW2vRVyyUMZlA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/7/2018", "text": "Ate at the original location, while traveling  and it was tasty! Pizza  is pizza right? Not in this case...well honed taste buds beware! I had the Margharita with shrimp and peppers and it was a cheesy  and flavorful thin crust  masterpiece ; just wish the crust was crispier. I could  taste the garlic and seasoning,  without it being overwhelming though,  so win. My only criticism was not that wait was so long (very popular place with two buildings), but when were seated it was in a bizarre location, right by the door. I saw a lot of people coming in for takeout. Maybe that's the way to go."}, {"review_id": "lMqTOhf4NdUl2zAkhsNCvg", "user_id": "6byWXvfWo0BYOj1TMlYrzg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/31/2018", "text": "I ordered the White Clam Pizza. I'll break down my thoughts on the pizza construction:Pizza dough -There's an interesting touch to the base. You can taste the hint of flavor of the grill and charcoal. The base is snappy, but not dry. Unusual, but I think this is a better base than most. I hate crusts but this time I actually ate it all.Cheese - there's a sharpness yet subtleness to the white cheese such that it doesn't overpower the pizzaClams - unusual for me, I've never had seafood on my pizza before. It's a little chewy, but the clam flavor is intact and it's obviously not stale clams. Not my favorite ingredient but worth a try!"}, {"review_id": "JhR6UV2t_K3yj4hxmFEzIA", "user_id": "DuNi6Rgk8eZjFahCyFxp6Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "Pricey pizza (maybe it's just me, I like a lot of toppings) but definitely delicious. The pizza style is a thin crust which I usually don't like but my order was pretty good. There can be a little wait sometimes because it's a popular spot."}, {"review_id": "q6Hb15ZrPrGwDtuGCMvA6Q", "user_id": "cIKbL7yceX5SfBJXqXAmOA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/30/2017", "text": "I have been coming to Pepe's since I was little and my dad since he was as well. If you live I the are or have a flexible schedule, I suggest heading over at uncommon meal times to avoid the extremely long wait times. All of the pizza is amazing, no matter what you get ! It is classic New Haven style with thin crispy crust and plenty of sauce and cheese. The local special is the white clam pizza, which is hard to find anywhere else in the world ! All other options are good as well like the original pie with spinach ! Can't wait to go back already !"}, {"review_id": "Om6ZSpg-xGLg0VwB0jPmGw", "user_id": "HaxBeYEIiC9KEV1Xrz3JHA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/29/2018", "text": "Really enjoyed our first time. We had high expectations and it exceeded them. The pizzas were so perfectly balanced and flavorful. We got there at 1120 AM and just a few there. At 1151, a line outside. Whew!"}, {"review_id": "5OOsYk8SNr2K-XS3gMm9vg", "user_id": "5tJgivd8KH1pj6jGbYIGcw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/22/2018", "text": "Overrated. How can I call something overrated but still give it 3 stars? Madness.Well, it was a good pizza. Some might say a great pizza, but I'm a pizza brat, and this pizza was just good enough to fill my tummy, but have me never return.I always test the margarita/cheese, because that is the benchmark at any restaurant. I suppose if I ordered something different, I might have enjoyed it more.What really bumped me from a 4 to a 3 star review, is the service. We waited about an hour for this. When we finally were seated, the service was terrible, memorably terrible (I went almost a year ago). They were filling other's orders, when we had arrived first, and frankly, just not paying attention to my empty water glass or our table. That is the real reason I won't return. If the pizza were worth it, I would, but it wasn't. Let's see what other parts of Little Italy, New Haven, have to offer by way of pizza."}, {"review_id": "NYZIgaVdUqnSYOg-EkcHbw", "user_id": "aDCP6CHiv6vp_2opUEPUHQ", "rating": 2.0, "date": "11/27/2017", "text": "Me at 10, with an undeveloped appetite: Meh, I'd rather have Pizza Hut.Me at 22, having refined my palette: Meh, I'd rather have Pizza Hut.It absolutely pains me to say this, because as a Connecticut girl I like having reasons to be proud of my (otherwise agonizingly boring) state, but I'll come out and admit: I think Pepe's is bad.And not like, doesn't-live-up-to-the-hype bad. I think Pepe's is overpriced and the pizza is lousy...add in the fact that waiting in line to get seated can easily take upwards of an hour and you have a perfect storm of restaurant mediocrity. This past time around, we had a few relatives in town that wanted to try Pepe's - not wanting them to miss out on the full experience, we ordered the classic clam pie and a margherita (I'm not a big clam person, but I've heard that's the must-have at Pepe's and I've never gotten it before). I found the margherita to be fine - somewhere in the lowest quartile of pizza deliciousness I've had, but edible. The clam I didn't like at all - the pizza was greasy and the clams were super tough and chewy. The crust is super thin, almost cracker-like - and I'm a thin-crust person. This makes the pizzas not very filling at all - I could easily eat a small by myself and still be hungry. Two smalls will run you about $22, which isn't crazily-priced, but I think it's excessive. Giving two stars instead of one because the margherita pie is fine, and the staff is always fairly composed despite the constant rush. I know Pepe's is a historical staple and the pinnacle of New Haven-style pizza, but when push comes to shove...I'd rather grab a dollar slice from a Manhattan street corner."}, {"review_id": "Uj13MTvXqll2eKLUOhI_3g", "user_id": "Mfhk2DbSVUHGUWPqv1tH1A", "rating": 3.0, "date": "12/21/2017", "text": "A good place for classic NH pizza. Can't compare Frank's to NYC pizza but as one of top pizza establishments in NH, it is a decent contender among the other competitors. As one of the oldest pizza joints in NH, it's fitting that Frank's is the only place that focuses on traditional pizza pies. Aside from their famous clam pizza , you won't find to many extravagant pizza toppings here. You only have your basics, so don't come looking for toppings like arugula or truffle oil here. The pies here are made simple and the key is fresh simple ingredients. I ordered the famous clam pizza and a classic red with anchovies on half and sausage on the other. Now, for a name like Frank's, I did not find the pizza to be as amazing as NH had portrayed it to be. The Clam pie did have fresh clams but there was very little sauce on the pie. The crust was baked really well, crunchy and chewy, but for the most part it felt like with each bite it was just very dry bc there was no sauce distributed over the pies. The clams did have a great taste though. For my red pie, again, minimal sauce and a very very thin layer of mozzarella. The anchovies had a a good salty kick and the sausage was just sausage nothing special. Overall, the pie left me looking for something more. Perhaps it was all the hype over how great this pizza was suppose to be and ultimately it just ended up being a good pizza and not a great pizza. I can understand how those who have been dining at Frank's for years find a certain nostalgia in the taste of the pies here but as a newbie to this NH pizza scene I can't seem to find what the rave about Frank's is. *also, this may be a bit picky, but its a pet peeve. I really don't like pizza pies that are sliced into random shapes. My pie had a slice that was cut out the middle... not sure how that happened. I had pizza slices shaped like trapezoids and sizes that ranged from huge to super tiny..."}, {"review_id": "fIyoQwsTOCyS2eC-F9KpYw", "user_id": "pf4AjI8c4MjxaIRc1U4zxw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "People talk about it like it's the best place ever. It's just okay.  I'm not sure what all the fuss is with the Clams Pizza, but maybe I just don't like clams on my pizza. (As an Italian-American, I also don't like pineapple on my \"Hawaiian\" pizza.)"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/frank-pepe-pizzeria-napoletana-new-haven?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]