[[{"review_id": "uzRihWPbbEujrRYrbhPcog", "user_id": "ylE1nwcEVMn9q8cmOk6JKQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/31/2018", "text": "The potato salad here is probably the best I've ever had. And I say that as a native Midwesterner, who'd like to think he knows a thing or two about potato salad. As for the burgers, I think the primary appeal is in the history, rather than the taste. That said, they're actually very solid burgers. They cook 'em quite rare, which I like, and the meat is always fresh and juicy. The lack of accoutrements lets the taste of the beef take center stage."}, {"review_id": "HvY5IkaL6jzZ6y5Wz-cHYA", "user_id": "bI6K69Ib14ocvdMWvV1UBg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/19/2018", "text": "Louis' Lunch is unquestionably a taste of history, as one of the oldest, family-run businesses and the \"birthplace of the hamburger sandwich.\" It seems that they have a loyal following and while I wish it was true for me, Louis' Lunch just didn't really vibe with me. First off, the menu is small which I appreciate; I respect places that have a limited menu of quality food. Their burger consists of two slices of bread, meat, and either tomato or onion. I'm not a fan of ketchup or many condiments anyway so I didn't find this problematic. However, the bread was soaked through for us, making it soggy. And while I normally order my steaks rare, this hamburger was just a tad too rare. On the other hand, the potato salad and pie were very tasty so I could recommend that! As for the restaurant itself, it's small with limited seating. Don't get me wrong, I love small and cozy restaurants, and I don't mind staff gruff if that's the vibe they're going for, but it just didn't work for me. To be fair, we came later in the night at around 9pm, so maybe it's not their normal banter. They seemed very dismissal of us, and even scoffed at our questions. The restaurant, while it has a vintage vibe, is just mildly disappointing. I'm a big of simple foods that are done well, but I also expect them to be higher quality for the prices paid here. Unfortunately, I probably won't be one of their loyals customers, and would only consider returning if a visitor wanted to try it."}, {"review_id": "548fwNdq3P2bPsW4fA0Vog", "user_id": "aozHvc7JWAbgnGvESkR0_g", "rating": 1.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "WOW....if you ever decide to come here to have an average hamburger on a piece toast you better plan on spending the whole afternoon!Honestly Not worth the time!   It's why nobody else is copying them.Personally I would go to Shake Shack around the corner - much better burger much better service much better food"}, {"review_id": "rMl0h3JE0b1Xx4V575osJA", "user_id": "oX8qsfKLmoDOnymwTfHiUw", "rating": 2.0, "date": "3/24/2018", "text": "I really don't get the hype. I was just curious about Louis' Lunch because I'd heard from others that it had been featured on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives and figured that if Guy Fieri thought it was worth air time, it would be worth some of mine.  I was wrong.There is really nothing special about a patty between two slices of sandwich bread. While it is admirable that the guys behind the counter value tradition enough to make it the same way it was once served long ago when the joint was born, there was absolutely nothing about the sandwich that made it worth eating. It was like stepping back in time and eating an artifact, before things like seasoning and plating existed. The patty was not salted. The few shards of onion and slice of tomato were pathetic. Moreover, the burger was overdone and not medium rare as the sign above the counter had promised. The only component worth noting was the salted, toasted sandwich bread, which is a shame considering that burger places aren't supposed to be known for their toast. In essence, it's neither tasty nor aesthetically pleasing. Its ingredients were average and while the concept of cooking it vertically is interesting, this method of preparation did not add any value to the so-called burger.The store's interior is ancient and reminds me of medieval times. The signs hung give the place a lot of attitude, but unfortunately, the food offered fell short. Save yourself $6.25 and spend it just about anywhere else in New Haven. You'll be glad you didn't waste any of your precious calories. I wish I hadn't."}, {"review_id": "wt43EM5hnx21bb_EvbhiFQ", "user_id": "leVYt71fLwdIMcrc_VdudA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "History + Taste all in one place.It is well known that Louis' Lunch made the first burger.What is not well known is the staff.Murph + Jeff are so friendly and helpful that you feel like family.The experience in this place reminds you of visiting someones home.Now the burger itself is delicious.Just please do not ask for ketchup."}, {"review_id": "HZgTCt-TynH8o1Ls6gHkHg", "user_id": "tFiLJJ5bFMRaG1ujjZCcNQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/15/2018", "text": "Yeah, it's getting five stars; it's 123 years old and stands as a relic of a time gone WAY past. Burger is delicious and has a unique, crispy, seasoned flavor. I don't know if it's even possible to get that flavor elsewhere. Served up on toasted white bread. Absolutely no ketchup (thank god), but no other condiments either. You can get a hamburger or a cheeseburger. You can also add tomato and/or onion. That's it!There's Foxon Park soda, potato salad, and pie as well. It's super small inside and will get packed quickly. They'll call your name when the order is ready. Listen to the cooks up front chatting as you wait (they're classic).Don't get me wrong, it can be touristy, but most of the people who came in here were regulars. The staff and the customers give off a no-nonsense vibe which I totally dig. Not to say they aren't friendly, because they certainly are! I'm just all about a unique experience, and I don't know that it can get more unique than this one.Take a close look all around you when you come inside. The amount of history is almost unimaginable...Thanks New Haven!"}, {"review_id": "mG-MfnEpVezyllWjmF0png", "user_id": "wR5ilcWDQ8FwzzSDMq0ncQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "If you know what to expect, you'll love this place. The burger is simple, but delicious. The potato salad was also incredible, if I'd have known it would be as good as it was I would have ordered more than I did."}, {"review_id": "lggHoUBIkUGAgvD8tPiWHg", "user_id": "1MDc4mt9p1vWt3_T3Ty5xw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/14/2018", "text": "The hamburger is the most popular sandwich in the U.S.A. and it's said that Louis Lunch is the birthplace of said sandwich. This place has been on all the famous TV shows and for good reason, their burgers are really tasty. When you reach Louis Lunch, you typically will already find that a line has already formed. There was one coming out the door when we got there, but it moves fairly smoothly as there are few options for customization. Also, no condiments are allowed in Louis Lunch, so just deal with it.When you walk into the restaurant,you see a tiny sign and a cramped sitting space. Bring cash because they don't take credit cards. The burgers aren't necessarily cheap, but they're good so order more than one, you can order a slice of pie with your burger and I recommend you do, because their pie is damn good.One thing about Louis' is that the burgers are served on white toast and cooked in vertical cast iron stoves from the 1920s. I'm not kidding.The burgers are packed into these vertical trays that are then flame cooked in the stoves, the end result is a fairly tasty burger that is very easy to eat more than one. I couldn't help but take some pictures of these ridiculous looking ovens they use. I can't imagine trying to cook with these things, but they do, and they do it well."}, {"review_id": "Ic7p33mUp_irvpjG8R7PmA", "user_id": "bi7hXknLgIb2FzRPgRIMHw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/29/2018", "text": "Home of the first hamburger!I was a bit skeptical when I saw how bare the burger would be, and in between white bread at that, but I was pleasantly surprised at how flavorful the stripped down OG burger tasted. They're quick and efficient. The place has a real old-school charm to it. They use the same cookers from when the place first opened so you know you're getting the same goodness that started it all."}, {"review_id": "bsIN_-P5I_obscZPXC_BiA", "user_id": "74Myfl8pOGeKcmkVTimsvg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/18/2018", "text": "The food earns 3 stars, but they get an extra for the nostalgia.   The space is small.  There are a few counter seats; 1 large square communal table and a few other seats that feel a bit like a cross between a church pew and a school desk.  You definitely feel the age and history of the place which makes it pretty special.The menu is simple a burger with choice of toppings like raw onions, cheese and tomato.  Burgers are cooked as per the chef and served on white bread with no condiments.  The burger is not huge, but is a decent size.  The quality of meat they use seems high, but to me the burger was kind of bland. You can get homemade potato salad on the side which was pretty good,Louis' Lunch is an experience that all in all I am glad I had."}, {"review_id": "9R__6XAjIuZzKMxTFWQqSQ", "user_id": "wf7mbUDqZMdoNvz7Eu5-9Q", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Pie is great burgers are bland friendly service. Great spot if you're looking for relatively cheap late night eats."}, {"review_id": "oX1SvaTigvp_ZCaug14p6g", "user_id": "fKOZkLGeQMkkUxnG7L0T0g", "rating": 3.0, "date": "11/23/2017", "text": "Was in Connecticut for work and the Friday before it was time to go home, decided to head out for something to eat in New Haven.  My coworker stumbled across this place and remembered seeing it on TV, so we decided to give it a try.You walk into the restaurant and clearly it's small, dark, and cramped and with the line of people in front of us, we kind of figured we'd be in for a wait, but that was fine.  I'm not averse to waiting for food if it's really really good.So I ordered a cheeseburger with tomatoes and onions.  Since the only real options you have is with or without cheese, with or without tomatoes ,and with or without onions, I decided to go all in and got it all.  With that I had chips and a Diet Pepsi.  The food took a really long time to come out.To be honest with you, there really isn't much to be said about the food.  It was good.  Greatest cheeseburger ever?  Far from it, but it was good.  They use five types of steak and it's cooked medium, but it was good.  The meat was flavorful, but to be honest, mine was a little charred in spots.  They don't serve the burger on a bun, it served on regular bread, but it was fine.  I'd go back if I happen to be back in New Haven, but probably wouldn't seek it out again.  Thought I took a picture of the food, but looking back through my pictures, I guess not.  I think I was just so hungry by the time I got the food, I just dove in."}, {"review_id": "SgaNT9ndCjDagcCSPeDiiQ", "user_id": "PlwxTapFNdr041N67MClvw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "10/12/2017", "text": "Came for the sake of trying \"the first hamburger in the nation\"! Had to wait a while (both to have our order taken and to get our food), but I did come on a Friday at lunch so I wasn't really surprised that there was a long line of people at that time. There isn't that much seating because the place is pretty small, but it's definitely got a unique feel and it's kind of neat to watch them make the hamburger patties in their special machine. The menu is very simple - you can get a burger, burger with cheese, potato salad, and/or pie. You can also add grilled onions to your burger if you'd like. I ordered a burger with cheese, and it was decent! The patty was very juicy and flavorful. I wasn't a huge fan of the toast instead of the bun, but at least the bread was thick enough that the tomato didn't make the whole burger soggy and hard to hold! The burger comes with quite a bit of meat too, so I was pretty full after. And the price is kind of expensive for what you get, and it's cash only! Probably wouldn't be back specifically for the taste/quality of the burgers, but might come back for the experience if someone else I knew wanted to try a taste of history!"}, {"review_id": "m_Y9CgoJpXipK7MBZ0osxA", "user_id": "FqjcdtDDEWmAzgiTN2i9Tg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "Really want 3 1/2 stars, but I'm rounding up because it is a piece of culinary and New Haven history.You get a burger that is made just like the one your grandfather (or even great-grandfather) ate. In fact, my grandfather grew up in New Haven in the early 20th century, and probably did eat here.A burger on toast. You don't get it your way, you get it their way. You can get tomato, onion and or cheese. Like it or leave it. Its small, crowded, and hot inside. You want fine dining, go to Union League. As for the burger, it was pretty good. Tasted like a burger. Too many  places have dry, grey, tasteless burgers. Definitely worth a trip."}, {"review_id": "NoiBmzhFqU0zced6QSJ-QA", "user_id": "do99OWeyyueHnjuHN-QjVQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "1/15/2018", "text": "Louis' Lunch is famous for being one of the early godfathers of the Hamburger (perhaps the first!). You walk in and you can see the history right behind the counter. The meat rotates on an antique-looking rotisserie, burger after burger slowly caramelizing into juicy goodness. The menu is simple and strict. Cheeseburger or Hamburger with the option of tomato or onion. Don't ask for ketchup or mayo or mustard or lettuce. They will not serve you and perhaps may even scold you like a Hamburger Nazi. The menu says \"tomato OR onion\" so I was even afraid to ask for both tomato AND onion. They focus on the meat. Not a bad thing, but I didn't like eating in fear with no options. Also, the inside is pretty crammed and can be tough to find a seat during peak times or with a larger group."}, {"review_id": "ZRrcncjGmu7sfHnbxA5dcQ", "user_id": "PipGc4TdxurGizJ6CKmU7Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "7/18/2017", "text": "This is almost everything I want in a hamburger.I've been eating so many bad burgers lately, I had forgotten.Look. It's not for everybody.I get that.No pickle.No lettuce. No ketchup.What surprised me was that in the end I was actually okay with toast instead of a bun. The trick here is two fold:One, the toast is quite thin, but just thick enough to support the patty.Two, the toast is dry enough to suck up the beef juices when the burger is sliced in half.It's brilliant.I shouldn't be surprised.They've had enough time to perfect it.-The potato salad is also excellent. But $4 for a cup of it, feels a bit steep, especially when the burger is just north of $6.In the future, I might abstain from the potato salad and order a second burger instead.-Even with this one drawback, I have nothing but love for LL.Well, love and regret. Regret that I've gone this long without one of these burgers."}, {"review_id": "D4thKlwab0Nf58ttCj27Ig", "user_id": "T5flbqIKLXshktBV00qAKg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/25/2017", "text": "Inventor of the Hamburger, I salute you.   Your insistence on white bread over a bun is fine with me.  I rather enjoyed the potato salad to boot.   It may be small, and a tad pricey, but it's worth the trip for a bite of history.    I stopped in on my way from Boston to NYC!  It was a nice lunch break!   I would go back if in the vicinity.   (Though next time in New Haven, I must try the pizza)"}, {"review_id": "O1PYfbljxKPsSwRVUtuiOQ", "user_id": "VEryqFcERyz3Q_X3AD883w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/24/2018", "text": "Just for history alone this joint gets a 5...if you're a Red Sox fan, another 5 (for me a 1-HA)This little Landmark spot offers more than just history but some nicely collaborated combination of meats broiled to perfection and served on toast with cheese spread, tomatoes and onions. Potato salad is very good to a little hint of mustard and pies that are homemade by motor mouth Jeff's wife seem very good.!Got attitude, then be prepared to get attitude but all done in fun friendly banter. This is a family establishment and tradition holds true to their heart and although current owner is far nicer than grandpa, he has maintained their tradition and style all along. As all reviewers stated no ketchup...go pound sand with the thought of using this red lycopene health helper-let the flavors of the meat combinations soothe your taste buds. Classic Foxon Park sodas are served too. Pretty reasonable-not the best but very good and should be on everyone's bucket list. Food for thought - you could be siting in the same spot as a former president...many have ventured here-it's truly a landmark"}, {"review_id": "x7N-EetpoMpOjIWq9sQbaQ", "user_id": "Mfhk2DbSVUHGUWPqv1tH1A", "rating": 3.0, "date": "12/20/2017", "text": "First Hamburger? Sure Best Hamburger? maybe Good Hamburger? Yes! It seem's like I can never catch the right time when Louis' is open but the times I do, I never hesitate to go in and order at least two burgers. If you didn't already know, Louis' lunch is the only place that cooks their burgers in a vertical broiler. They fresh grind all their burger meat and you can seem them mold your fresh patty and squeeze it between these two metal grate and tossed into this vertical broiler that is as old as the restaurant itself. This is probably this most simple burger you will ever come across. But in its simplicity you will find the purest tasting burger out there. A perfectly grilled patty with onions and tomatoes between two slices of toasted white bread. Simple but Delicious. You really taste the quality of the meat. Amazing. This is a must come spot for anyone visiting New Haven."}, {"review_id": "455D8LFxagyR41OLT4u6mA", "user_id": "FqR0rVDXdqZQ2Awdtk707w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/24/2018", "text": "Came in on a recommendation from a coworker since we were in town on business First burger restaurant ever to serve burgers huh? Big claim NOT DISAPPOINTEDhad a cheeseburger with onion and tomato cooked perfectly rare For all the bad reviews talking about no flavor or salt and pepper idk what you're thinking My experience was closer to a hamburgerized version of the best rare roast beef sandwich you'll ever have The toast was a nice touch , and didn't get soggy in the leastAtmosphere is awesome and old and appropriate Try the foxon Park soda too rootbeeer was really good"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/louis-lunch-new-haven?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]