[[{"review_id": "yysdO8479Eoj8-vODgsnwA", "user_id": "k9nwJUaDD0hVSV-cndFc2Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "Perfect combination between great food, comfortable ambience and low prices.The Tapas are very well planned and perfectly executed.I tried the jamon serrano, gambas al ajillo, a full branzino, tuna tataki, croquetas and pulpo (octopus)Everything was awesome!Best Deal for your money in New Haven!"}, {"review_id": "A509AKOc6wZbBfChRxHy3A", "user_id": "sNJAICLk03UbH_gJQwbPWw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/24/2018", "text": "I went to Barcelona with friends two weeks ago. The entrance is hidden next to the Omni Hotel. The atmosphere was great. We were seated at the time of our reservation and our waitress was extremely passionate about the food.Having never been to a Tapas restaurant, my 3 friends and I ordered 15 various Tapas. They were all brought out as ready and each one was better than the next. Though slightly pricey, we got what we paid for. We would 100% come back and recommend to a friend."}, {"review_id": "c7bRIj5jYEp2Bmw8-GVgyA", "user_id": "1cRs-VpGOvvnzKEiFvdvrQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/7/2018", "text": "I really wanted to give this Tapas and Wine Bar five stars, but four is maybe stretching it a little--but it's better than three stars.The service is interesting. We had a server who introduced himself, and then seemed to only occasionally visit our table. Other servers delivered food, bused the table, and checked on us throughout the visit.We started with albondigas and sauteed greens in garlic, chile and lemon. We loved the albondigas. The greens (I think a Swiss chard) were fine, but rather ordinary. Next we had the black garlic brussel sprouts, which my husband loved and I thought a tad undercooked, and the jamon and cheese croquettes, which was delicious--I would have enjoyed a little more jgmon however.We finished up with a cod with salsa verde and roasted potatoes, with the bacon wrapped dates as a sweet ending. The cod was good, but again, not remarkable. the potatoes were well prepared. The dates took awhile to be delivered, but they apologized with no charge. We enjoyed them with their bleu cheese centers, bacon wrap, but missed a honey drizzle we have had at other tapas places.We had never been to Barcelona in New Haven before, and were really excited to find it, since our favorite Tapas Wine Bar in Northhampton, MA switched to farm-to-table, and we won't get back to Spain for a year or so. But, I have to say this Spanish eatery is better than so-so, but not as memorable as the Northhampton tapas, which was prepared with such creativity you talked about it for months, and had much more variety on the menu than Barcelona does. Next time--yes, there will be a next time, we will try the duck confit and the hanger steak, and maybe the empanadas."}, {"review_id": "H8tx5wI_pXC9XmMt53vU0g", "user_id": "dVUl-V9gb3_ab8-mtkShFw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "My love affair with Barcelona started at the Boston locations and I was thrilled to find one in New Haven when I moved here. Be aware that the location is very inconspicuous-- as far as I can tell, they don't even have a sign out front and it looks a little dark inside. The quality and selection is the same across locations, which is to say, it's excellent! Even better, CT allows happy hours, so they have some enticing drink and food specials during the week for that. The service is excellent and the ambiance is the same combination of relaxed/refined that I love."}, {"review_id": "V7ru1oiWxg2mmcvYHL9G7w", "user_id": "VaJfkP_Yk68Nv2hpYtCR0A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/9/2018", "text": "This is my favorite restaurant in New Haven. A classy wine bar that serves tapas. There \"social hour\" menu is great and overall the prices for each plate are reasonable and the food is delicious! I have tried many of their tapas - the jamon and cheese croquettes are by far the best tapa on the menu! 4 pieces of heaven! You will want to order more! The menu changes occasionally but many of the great dishes remain on the menu.Great place for date night or to celebrate a special occasion. All of the servers are very nice and the service usually is great! I typically make a reservation because it gets prettt busy towards the end of the week and on the weekends!"}, {"review_id": "HuKQZGUyQAOJI0uIR2zp3A", "user_id": "67YrvmdkWqC0arqgt0obJQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/24/2017", "text": "Coming here makes me so happy. I don't know what it is about this place, but I truly feel a sort of warmth coming here. I have been to the chain in West hartford, but I prefer this one more. My boyfriend and I came when we visited new haven on a weekend. During our late lunch (around 3PM) it was not at all crowded. The waiter was quite friendly and very nice! He made the mistake of giving us a dish we didn't order, so it was on the house. This place has a nice ambiance, and is a bit dark but with mood lighting. Seems like a good place to take a date! We ordered many tapas and they were all very solid. We ordered a truffle egg dish from the brunch menu, which I LOVED. I can't remember the dishes we ordered very well, but I can say that I found most of them to be delicious. My only complaint was this noodle paella dish that we had that was WAY to salty. Otherwise, no complaints. I truly love this place and I'm not really sure why. It may have to do with my love for new haven in general, but I really had a good time eating here, and will fondly remember my meal here for when I return next."}, {"review_id": "B4EZTYMiaM4rV2F6rOiVvg", "user_id": "vSNynb3TmT4KWi9mMzorsg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/28/2017", "text": "Before going to a Broadway show at the Shubert, I walked around the area to find a place to eat for dinner. I was immediately drawn into this restaurant with its exterior design. I didn't even know what type of restaurant this was until I received a menu (doing this type of thing is so fun when you are open to trying new things--FYI!). Once I opened the menu, I saw the word \"tapas\" and knew that this was a Spanish place, and the restaurant name gave it away as well. My guest and I ordered the short rib, Brussel sprouts, and the potato pancake. I was impressed with all 3 tapas! Absolutely delicious. The short rib was absolutely delicious. In addition to the tapas, we also ordered something to share: the NY Strip. I loved the presentation of the entree, but the steak itself was rather tough. Good thing I filled up on the tapas though because I still left happy and filled!The service here is so good. Multiple waiters waited on us and we were never left wondering where a waiter was when we needed help. Since the steak was tough, the manager took it off for us. Great customer service! I felt like I was in NYC with this style restaurant that was near the Shubert Theater."}, {"review_id": "dWKfJjlF_ZOvoS6q-3jALg", "user_id": "oiOTQrH_nR6iVDDC3a_Feg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "12/11/2017", "text": "They have an extensive wine list and many options for tapas. The ambience and decor is great with a sleek design; definitely a place to go for a nice night out. It's a bit loud in the restaurant during peak hours so I wouldn't necessarily recommend coming in as a big group as it would be hard to hear each other.They have a good happy hour menu, so I would definitely recommend coming here then.I want to like this restaurant more as the tapas are yummy, but the prices compared to the amount of tapas you get is not proportional."}, {"review_id": "qArggZBb0dFMbf1kppRnTw", "user_id": "giJKPZbmZofGMS3f4vl5mg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/27/2017", "text": "I came here for a birthday party and was pleasantly surprised.  I'm not a tapas person in that tiny portions usually don't satiate me, but Barcelona's tapas are a great size.  Tons of veggie options for me and meaty treats for everyone else.  Everything we had was good from the spinach-chickpea cazuela, potato tortilla, butternut squash risotto, brussel sprouts to chicken pimientos.  Our servers were friendly, wine was great and perfect ambience to celebrate.  I can't believe it took me this long to get here!"}, {"review_id": "Dtqd2tqyRPW6RvoYSA_mtA", "user_id": "PAgjsdqMLTlmZaZu9n7GSg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/4/2017", "text": "Barcelona is my favorite special occasion restaurant in New Haven - I've been here for several anniversaries, birthday dinners, and other events. The wine list is fantastic - they have Spanish wine and sherry that you can't find anywhere else.I always start with the cheese and charcuterie plate - no option for jamon iberico, but the jamon serrano is consistently excellent, and several sheep's and goat's milk cheese from various regions of Spain are a perfect accompaniment. The tapas menu is constantly changing, so it's hard to point out specific dishes, but I don't recall disliking any of the 15+ tapas I've tried there. I do think that the beef options are generally very average, which kind of makes sense given that Spaniards don't actually eat much beef.One tapas item that's always available is the eggplant caponata, and it might just be my favorite one - savory, sweet and sour, and a tiny bit spicy. I like it so much that during Thanksgiving with my family in LA, I recreated the caponata recipe as a side for the turkey, and everyone loved it as a big upgrade to the usual cranberry sauce (sorry cranberry sauce, I still like you).I've also tried the large meat plates and paella, and definitely find the cheese + charcuterie + tapas option to be superior. Still, they're a great choice for sharing among larger parties.Barcelona is kind of hard to find if you don't know where it is. The restaurant has a nondescript, unlabeled, blank wooden door that looks like part of a wall next to the Omni Hotel. I probably walked past it totally unawares a few dozen times before the first time I ate there. Once you've been there, though, even the weird door seems charming - a semi-secret entrance to one of the best restaurants in the Have."}, {"review_id": "Ww9uHyAAl9GiXX8uFNVNgA", "user_id": "4xCOziwRynfWt06xp0v6UQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/2/2017", "text": "Ugh yes. So much yes. If God gave me one blessing here at Yale, it would be Barcelona. Instead of asking why, the question should really be why not.Bread: divineWine & tapas: alwaysThe people behind the experience: heart-eyes x10Ability to discuss oenology: somm levelThey have an extensive wine list (especially great for those exploring Spanish wines) and they kill it with the food and the attentive/fast service. The name of the game is to share a bunch of tapas so even though you can't really go wrong, here's a list of my favorites:--- Jamón Serrano (a dry-cured Spanish ham, from the charcuterie list)--- Salchicon de Vic (a dry-cured pork sausage, from charcuterie list)--- Whipped Sheep's Cheese (from Tapas list)--- Roasted Sweet Potatoes (from Tapas list)--- Brussel Sprouts (from Tapas list)As for wine, I mentioned my interest in broadening my palette, so they were angels and let me taste a selection and took the time to explain the geography and tasting notes. Ask them for a recommendation, but like I can't promise you won't regret it... because you'll want more. Welcome to my life.Disclaimer: I have spent more time here than at home this past week (since discovering they have wifi). So clearly yes, there is quite a bit of bias in this review."}, {"review_id": "JmzPmQztIrK3kLJmh-tfFA", "user_id": "ypOkmdi7ldmzh6lyplQTyA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/7/2018", "text": "I love all of the Barcelona locations. I had my bridal shower at the Fairfield location, and it was wonderful.This one is great for groups or a date night. I love tapas and being able to sample many different things. I enjoy the red sangria, and they have a decent selection  of wine. The gambas al ajillo, steak, bacon wrapped dates, and paella are all excellent.  The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because sometimes the food comes out at different times or I have ordered a tapa that never came."}, {"review_id": "DdpspcCYNuQ-716jyUM5Ow", "user_id": "W8Rn8gaaCfbIDQfbxjug1w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/6/2017", "text": "Decided to come to Barcelona for Brunch Tapas on a Sunday. The restaurant is huge so there is plenty of seating. I love the decor and the wines they display in the walls. They also have a huge open kitchen concept so you can see all the chefs and workers. Bearing that it is Sunday brunch, we ordered the white sangria. It was great! For brunch, my group of 3 decided to be adventurous and ordered all 9 Brunch Tapas. In order of my most to least favorite:Prawn Benedict Jamon serrano BenedictMorcilla BenedictSteak and eggs - tender steak and runny eggsSmoked pork belly - fatty but goodyFrench toast - good but nothing special Chorizo hash - very filling from all the potatoes. Very heavy but good.Semolina pancakes - nothing special Migas toledanas - literally just burnt bread. Total regret ordering this. Next time, I'll just order stock with the benedicts and then order from the regular tapas menu."}, {"review_id": "SBU29FuzwPza_3As6qqfgQ", "user_id": "sD-Fv39R2RrXqgQgPgJdgw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/9/2017", "text": "Solid dinner spot -- perfect for dinner if you want to try a little bit if everything. The chorizo and fig is the keeper. Portions are small, as expected.If you're a brave enough soul, you may even decide to try the sherry..."}, {"review_id": "oVX_6bjDAtVH6ZxIQm1yBA", "user_id": "wqd6Ld2NEVD4HdG3FH1R7Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/6/2017", "text": "Excellent place for Spanish tapas with great service!2-3 dishes per person is more than enough, and the plates are served quickly, so you don't have to decide everything at the beginning but order as you go. Another plus; 1/2 price bottles of wine on Sundays."}, {"review_id": "GNiGo3QSE9hGSCXSEIFANw", "user_id": "VpukefSZPPiZclaHKCtO-w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/15/2017", "text": "I don't give out 5 stars that often. But when I do, it is because the restaurant excels at something. The food was decent. It was good. I got the tilapia with puttanesca sauce (sauce was great but the fish was chewy)chickpeas with spinach (my favorite of the night - the texture of the chickpeas were on point)mushroom and snow peas (on the salty side and tasted like it was made with a bit of soy sauce?) and veggie paella (the texture of the rice was good, but it lacked in flavor for me. Best part was the broccolini on top. The small cup of mayonnaise in the middle confused me as well)But I will say - The service is AMAZING. I don't think I've had service quite this good in a long time. Why is it so amazing? Have you ever had someone offer you a BLANKET at any restaurant ?!? (Let alone a soft fuzzy one) And not because I said I was cold, but because the waiter could see me shivering in my seat. Amazing service and beautiful ambiance. Would come back for that blanket. The food is a bonus."}, {"review_id": "loO0-0JdP4hytpJnosuhVA", "user_id": "GQ_2kpEee1KXZCKEtpeEfw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/1/2016", "text": "Came in here the Saturday before Halloween and had such a good time! The waitstaff seemed a little discombobulated (e.g., two waiters for our table who kept coming back asking us the same questions the other had already asked) but hey, can't complain about twice the service, right?The space itself is very hip and modern. It is next to the Omni hotel (but not connected to it). We parked in the public lot down the block. Our table by the window made for excellent people watching. It is on the nicer side of New Haven, near the old campus. Everything we ordered was delicious. We definitely ordered way too much for us to finish. Their menu changes seasonally so I won't go through all the details of what we ordered, but I really wish I lived closer to here so we could try more menu items! If we are ever in New Haven again we will definitely be back."}, {"review_id": "OmZn7JoOrjQlVocAPUZdpA", "user_id": "9pLKjl8MUrQ6Vi46mOq_Dg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "My favorite restaurant in town.  Outstanding service, great management, delicious food and wine.  Adriana the manager saw me peeking through the wine list on a Sunday and helped me pick out a delicious bottle I would have never tried without her.  The cheeses, tapas, and bigger entrees are unfailingly delicious.  Try the spinach-chickpea cazuela, the croquetas, and the grilled hanger steak to start.  Highly recommend!"}, {"review_id": "RK2O1gZNHcQFZ_uM2BtJ2Q", "user_id": "FSIJydQyRRWrA8qgLTMJXA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/8/2017", "text": "Okay. First time at a tapas bar. It was freaking amazing!! I mean, the melon with basil and olive oil? Sounds gross, but it's soooooo good! I'm just shocked that I waited so long to go to a real authentic Tapas place! We had a large group so had the opportunity to try basically everything on the menu! My favorite was the melon with basil. The churros were so decadent. The flan perfect and creamy. I can't begin to talk about the tasty bites I had all night. The dishes kept coming and we all kept eating. There was something with figs that was so good too!"}, {"review_id": "2POrf5sUgN6zkcSTEkkw4w", "user_id": "Ol9mKVEgbaRD68VVNs0FEw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/15/2017", "text": "This place is on the pricey side but great for a special occasion. I really like tapas and I heard they change some of their items monthly. I didn't take a picture of it but the spicy chicken empanadas are a must! They don't have cheese in them and only 2 per order, incase you go with a group. They are delicious  especially with the dipping sauce. I felt the sword fish Fritos was good but it was more like a tuna casserole. If you order the spicy Eggplant, it's a cold dish! Warm soft bread for starters! The red sangaria is refreshing."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/barcelona-new-haven-new-haven-3?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]