[[{"review_id": "88ALirb3WriZkndIB1EfVA", "user_id": "p9OxtB3eBOYa-BydHDr9TQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/30/2018", "text": "Unique restaurant in an old building, parking was difficult, had to drive around few times to find a spot on the street, neighborhood looks a little rough although it seems like city is trying to improve it, I believe restaurant also helps with its local community which is one more reason to visit this place.Very nice ambience and decoration inside restaurant, we were greeted by this hostess whom was friendly first, she asked if we had a reservation and we said no, then smile disappeared from her face, we asked about couple empty tables and she kept saying \"no, it's reserved\", \"they are all reserved\", her \"reserved\" guests never showed up, tables remained empty the entire we were there, wonder why she lied about it.Our waitress made up for our hostess' attitude, she was friendly and attentive. They had a prefix menu which included soup, entree, and dessert, for 39 dollars, I went with that and every dish was well presented and delicious. The potatoes that came with salmon were amazing, salmon was very flavorful as well. One dish to rave about was their Brussels Sprouts, best I ever had!Highly recommend checking out this place, awesome selections on their menu and I can't wait to return to try other dishes."}, {"review_id": "5-AG0IWKx-_eoZTILBCHuw", "user_id": "kHN-rpOFMq8A_Hi9r2EQcA", "rating": 2.0, "date": "3/3/2018", "text": "We were told we'd be helping the community by dining here. We can't see it.I want to know what they expect us to think of this restaurant.On one hand, they're very progressive, and socially responsible. They hire underprivileged and handicapped individuals. They make a commitment to \"farm-to-table\" food, although I'd like to find a nearby farm that grows some of what they serve in the Winter-time. Additionally, their list of \"locally-sourced\" vendors is definitely short on farms, and long on for-profit, non-farm enterprises which have no social conscience, and apparently were selected because a) they're in Connecticut; and b) they have a good public-relations visibility (hear that, DiFiore's and Hartford Baking Company, both of whom we feel are unnecessarily high-priced). What Adolf's is doing in there, I do not know. Hey, we love them -- but they don't 'fit the mold' but for being local.Over the years, we've looked at the Yelps for this place. They're overwhelmingly positive -- to the extreme. Now, several mention a \"special occasion\" visit; others cite \"Restaurant Week\" as a reason for their visit. All crow about the experience. Why, then, do no Yelpers cite this as a \"regular\" hang-out? They're embarrassed to admit that it's damned expensive for what one gets.The only relief was that there are several drink specials which don't reach the $18 ceiling at other upscale downtown restaurants. For that, I give them credit. They've let the pricing go to the stratosphere on the food. Wines are equally fairly-priced. I recall a superb value on bubbly, and also a Chardonnay that was sensationally rewarding and only about $50 -- we'd have paid twice that for the wine. A non-Napa Cabernet, however, was a nasty surprise; it was empty and unremarkable -- and $60. So tread carefully and you'll find good values.Be prepared to wait -- a long time. They over-book and regularly disappoint on timeliness, even when a reservation's placed weeks in advance.We've been three times -- *none* of those on Restaurant Week (we avoid that crap like the plague). Baked oysters were ordered out of an itch not scratched in a while ('cause I was craving the Oysters Rockefeller at the long-demised Carmen Anthony's on Route 15),  and they delighted. These are not as rich as Rockefeller's bivalves, but they're just as rewarding. A crust of bread helped get all of the goodness up. A cheese platter was so complex and rewarding, we ordered several different wines by the glass to go with it.The famous duck was good, but not excellent. I was attracted by the spaetzele side offered with another poultry entree: the \"organic\" roast chicken. Now, I don't buy organic when I go to the supermarket. I'm fine with the Perdue family's offerings. But I was prepared for a moist, juicy, well-grained roast chicken that didn't rely on the blueberry sauce. This chicken needed all the help it could get. The spaetzele were forgettable -- and the mashed potatoes were out-of-place (two starches?)A salmon entree provided the promised crispy, savory outside. Inside, it was lackluster and dry as salmon goes. The salmon was served with sides that we felt were redundant (just as the chicken). This time, the focus wasn't on starches, quite; but instead on cruciferous vegetables (Brussels Sprouts, cauliflower, and fennel). Did I mention that this restaurant is expensive? One would think that for $30 plus, the Executive Chef would assign more appropriate side-dishes for the restaurant's entrees?Coffee was very rewarding, until it was re-filled from a pot which had been sitting too long. I'd have asked for a new cup, but we'd had quite enough, so we decided to forego dessert (twice out of three visits). The neighborhood's among the worst Hartford has to offer -- and the parking claustrophobic. Suffice it to say that you don't want to walk here. In fact, it's best to take the \"Armored Car\" Uber. Some of their competition fails, also, on location (Peppercorn's) but some do succeed (Carbone's, but only because they have a uniformed security guard in the parking lot all the time).Service here was hit-or-miss. Nothing worse (nor better) than most of this place's competitors. It would've been nice to have received some guidance about the wine. It would've been nice to find out exactly what was in the sauce for the chicken (it lacked substance; we'd have rather that it be too tart or too sweet). The answers weren't forthcoming, and we weren't going to \"ask for a manager.\" We don't do that, period.One thing that this place has going for it is longevity -- someone likes eating here. It's our firm belief that they've discovered the formula to be successful in Hartford -- a) remain in business for more than ten years; b) offer a 'progressive' concept that will turn the harshest critics into enthusiastic fans, because, hey -- it's a \"non-profit,\" that's \"sustainable\" and \"locavore-friendly.\" Hey, the other places, which make a fair profit, don't have a chance."}, {"review_id": "nfiaqNMvw1eJazfn-E4jgg", "user_id": "I_IIxXEfhOK1vjNZTu3axg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/28/2018", "text": "Firebox Restaurant is the next best thing to join the farm to table movement in the Hartford, CT area.  Although you'll arrive to limited street parking, this is a premium experience so do splurge for the valet. I recall it being around $5-10, but worth it.  On the rainy evening we visited, it was extremely convenient.  Our reservation was for 7:30PM and we were seated at 7:40PM.  I forgave the minimal wait because it was a peak time in a Saturday and the restaurant was packed. Rightfully so.The space is intimate and the decor is modern without bordering on kitschy.  One could even venture to say that it's romantic.  As this was an early Valentines Day dinner for my girlfriend and it fit the bill.The wait staff is attentive and the food arrived quickly.  For an appetizer we ordered the cheese plate.  It includes a diverse selection of cheeses, some were too strong for my girlfriends taste, honey and toast. For our entrees I ordered the cast iron duck and my girlfriend ordered the risotto.  Both were very good.  The duck was tender without tasting gamey. The ingredients are undoubtably fresh and locally sourced.  The presentation and plating are visually pleasing to the eye.  The wine list is extensive both by the glass and by the bottle.  Depending on where you're seated you may be surrounded by bottles that adorn in wall racks throughout the space.For dessert we demolished an exceptional carrot cake.  Not too sweet.  Exactly what you'd want an out of this world carrot cake to taste like.I absolutely recommend Firebox restaurant for a special occasion or just a well deserved night out.  Expect to spend around $120-160 for two including a bottle of wine or drinks."}, {"review_id": "pk9qWWYIZKGF_3rCQ7NRbg", "user_id": "9hAxTkGGJpSX0QaBZZ5jWg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "Presentation, presentation, presentation! Aside from the quality, taste and (yes again) presentation I remain speechless. The chicken liver mousse was as creamy as possible and the accoutrements were splendid. Steering away from a full dinner entrée because of the richness of my appetizer, I ordered the mussels and was glad that I did. This pot of freshness with a chorizo cream sauce was the perfect meal. I ended with an affogato with coffee ice cream!"}, {"review_id": "NTavRVmTEoIbbv3TcHaoww", "user_id": "UBLmYc34g7ES6Of5QI8l7A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/4/2018", "text": "Sketchy neighborhood, thank God there's private parking, but seriously a restaurant this nice in the middle of this kind of neighborhood. It's not dangerous but Broad St. isn't the best place to hangout or walk at night with flashy clothing items. You'll be like the needle in a haystack but the needle is extremely easy to find and beat the crap out of. Only reason I bring this up is because the type of people to visit this type of restaurants aren't really about the street life and well, this beautiful restaurant is located in the middle of what is considered \"the ghetto\". There I said it, I'm sorry but this isn't the best neighborhood for this restaurant but whatever.It's like a hidden gem that isn't really hidden at all and instead it's screaming \"I'm a nice, expensive and high end establishment, come in!\"Anyways, called in advance to edit my reservation preferences and they were nice about it. Off to a good start.Came in, seated promptly, again off to a good start.My buddy asks for a lemon slice for his water and receives a \"who do you think you are bitch\" kind of look. WHAT THE HELL!He just wanted a lemon water and he never got it, this was one of the last times we saw our waitress after taking our order, she was always gone and spreading her bitchyness with the rest of the customers.She is saved by another waiter who is kind, friendly and helpful. Helped us way more than her and I hope the tip goes to him.Anyways, the food was amazing.I ordered a pork chop and for an appetizer we all shared brussel sprouts and octopus. The octopus was tasty, tender, and had beans as well. The brussels sprouts were amazing, easily the best brussels sprouts I've ever had. I wish I can explain more but it was dark in there, haha, too unique to recognize how it was all made in this kind of lighting so I just ate.But for my pork chop, BEST I've ever had. Tender, juicy, cooked perfectly and it was thick. It was a double pork chop. Flavors spread evenly throughout the cut, juicy on the inside, and tender.It's easy to screw up a pork chop, has to basically be well done which can easily make things dry, hard, and possibly burned but mine was neither of those three. It was amazing.Dessert we shared a White Chocolate Cheesecake and I'm not sure where the White Chocolate flavor comes from and the cranberry was way too strong and concentrated with the flavor for the amount of cheesecake you get. It was okay.But this is one place I certainly would come back to, everything was great....except that waitress, I hope she's gone, ruins the vibe. She was seriously a you know what. Avoid her at all costs. Everyone else was nice so I'm leaving my review at 4-Stars but if she treats us like crap again, nope."}, {"review_id": "EOd2ppmebQpPcwEUKT34Yg", "user_id": "1oQZZFsbMc-fcIkkyvhUOg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "First of all thank you to Yelp for this format. We live and travel full-time in an RV (just about to start our fourth year!) and we exclusively search Yelp for places to eat while on the road (btw, we have had only one bad experience from a Yelp review). On our way through Hartford, CT, today and after searching for organic restaurants we decided on the Firebox after looking at their brunch menu. Hands-down one of the best meals we've ever had. Almost all of the items on their menu are sourced locally and it was very hard making decisions of what we were going to share. My husband had the chicken liver mousse with house made chips and pickled vegetables which he said was absolutely delicious and I had the caramelized waffles with fresh berries and whipped cream. We also shared, as if the above wasn't enough, the home fries with caramelized onions and aioli as well as their signature house brussels sprouts with a soy-chili glaze and sprinkled with chopped Marcona almonds. We took most of those two sides with us. A huge shout out to our server, Mike, who was very knowledgeable about the building, a wonderfully restored forge (don't miss the beer taps which are old bike wrenches) and extremely personable. The entire wait staff didn't miss a beat. Mike told us that the restaurant is run by a trust and is a nonprofit with proceeds going back into the community! The prices reflect the quality of the ingredients and totally worth the nutritional impact."}, {"review_id": "drYRWdT02wxmVwrq7gIw4Q", "user_id": "LJ2D_3l18zIAT4YoO_M_zg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "This was a great find. We came in from out of town for  a graduation and had 20 people for brunch.   Sometimes it's hard to keep up with a group that big but the service was good, the food was great, and we were all served with our entrees at the same time.  The brussel sprouts and home fries were especially delicious."}, {"review_id": "WzCksAMv-ycPylUpWBuq1w", "user_id": "xmdLoS38QcavtH8ko5tqdg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "Exquisite. What more can I say? I have wanted to eat here for the last 5 years. It was worth the wait! We had a stuffed wild mushroom appetizer with a ramp vinaigrette which was delicious! And the we both had the cast iron duck with goat cheese polenta and a cherry gastric which was to die for! Both recommended by our server!  She was attentive and so helpful. There is a tavern and a dining room. I'm the tavern you can order off either menu. We skipped dessert this evening. The choices were not my type of dessert. But don't skip it!"}, {"review_id": "FDIcggVsrEMsH8ZFQ0gyeQ", "user_id": "EBozJrcKS2uiGXkIc-dUsg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "7/31/2017", "text": "I visited Firebox during Taste of Hartford both times this year. I am OBSESSED with the salmon. It's so perfectly crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside. The salted chocolate pistachio pudding was also incredibly rich and delicious. My boyfriend ordered a vegetarian dish called \"the plate\" which included a temporah cauliflower, lentil fried rice and roasted carrots! Awesome protein packed option for vegetarians! I also love that this place is farm to table. I have volunteered a few time with Keney Park Sustainability Project and learned that the arrugala is locally grown here in Hartford at Keney Park! It's so awesome that they work with a local farm that employees youth! The service is friendly and the outdoor patio is perfect for dinner or drinks with friends! Can't wait to come back for brunch!!"}, {"review_id": "e_r6pJlPgUHzVxzYoUs_PQ", "user_id": "KwCGnjmnn68bhsReoK640g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/24/2018", "text": "Excellent! From the quality, to the quantity, to the timing, to the service! We enjoyed every single item. Our favorite overall was the grilled salmon with puréed cauliflower with pomegranate seeds! The ambiance was refreshing! We will certainly come back here when we are back at Hartford! I love their mission too! Great place!"}, {"review_id": "E5ATLAUe3epaWAKptrmfEA", "user_id": "XfzLWQcULk110tiMjtmb8A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "I came here with my boyfriend after work for a happy hour and early dinner. We sat in the bar area and ordered some of the special happy hour drinks. The happy hour appetizers were well priced, however I will say I felt the entrees were a little more on the pricey side. However the food was extremely delicious. It's also nice that they have a parking lot right outside."}, {"review_id": "FL9PREqZCipgwa7bZTq86A", "user_id": "vsPcDBYPpGi2YrFfMt4nPA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/12/2018", "text": "I was pleasantly surprised by the food..... I'm never sure if I am paying for the food or the environment when I step into a nice looking place. Not a huge menu, but they have mastered what they do offer. I had the lamb bolognese and it was wonderful. I can't remember the name of the pasta they used but I really did enjoy it"}, {"review_id": "TZWxYGjp2l-durpVQOtvMw", "user_id": "z1DJz8cmPA4VuSL8wOqolg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "This review is more so for the ignorant racist white people. If the neighborhood is so bad, here's a tip - stay AWAY FROM US. Speaking as someone who lives in this area, nothing irks me more than classist and elitist whites who have the audacity to turn their noses up at an entire neighborhood. Please stay in Glastonbury, Simsbury, Avon and etc. We don't want or need your uppity asses on our blocks, taking up OUR PARKING spots."}, {"review_id": "JT8ODXQWtdYoHs4lRRlE2Q", "user_id": "7t6udi4sK1tRpgcbmVXaPQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/5/2017", "text": "This was a wonderful treat. I've lived in Connecticut for years and only discovered this place recently by accident for a family brunch. It's a cozy tavern right tucked to the side of the main room next to union station. It's got a rustic tavern feeling to it and is massive on the inside. The service was fast, friendly, and helpful. The food was different and amazing. First, this is going to sound ridiculous but trust me. For appetizers order the Brussels sprouts. I know it sounds horrible, like a trap! But it's honestly the most delicious appetizer ever. They don't even taste like Brussels sprouts! Also try the sweet potato bread (I think this one may be seasonal). For the meal, the best way to go is with the egg benny (their version of eggs Benedict but it's not served with ham), the French toast, the quiche, or my personal favorite the huevos rancheros. Dessert, hit up the bread pudding."}, {"review_id": "pGZqMbBSnlXIrtJbEi4ziA", "user_id": "cMfuL9pGDuptyiY_zz1Ang", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/22/2017", "text": "Farm to table from local produce throughout CT.  They boast of organics.  Semi upscale eatery in not so upscale neighborhood.  The food is delicious but has New York prices! THE PARKING LOT IS WAY TOO SMALL FOR VALET! The service was excellent, and that alone deserved 4 stars!  The food was very visually enticing, mouth watering, and exceptionally satisfying to the pallet and digestive system.  The atmosphere was warm and conducive to a friendly encounter with close friends.  Wish they had some live music!  With the prices so high, music would have added a special touch to the ambiance. The dishes we had were the Pork Shank with Collard greens (Bravisimo!) , Venison ( Wow!), Duck ( Exquisite!), and the Lobster ( looked 3 star).  Appetizers of the charcuterie board and the AMAZING Brussels sprouts sauteed with honey and garlic demi glaze ( I know what your thinking- but it's true!).  Overall, wonderful, but this is definitely a place that is looking for a distinguished and discriminating customer with a specific pallet.  This is a place you'll be talking about for years, and is worth it for your most special occasions!"}, {"review_id": "7OGkL_lfzasK_Qt82ontlg", "user_id": "rVZ_QoxKp3ROds-j6b3Eiw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "went here for a girls lunch! this place was great, the food amazing!  will be back!"}, {"review_id": "RZBqUAardfbK2ySqZB5clA", "user_id": "KNmjt_jCnAVXIOd-tXQY0Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/26/2018", "text": "Went there for Taste of Hartford. Food got better and better course after course (which is saying a lot since we loved our apps). Deserts were INCREDIBLE! I was so close to licking the caramel sauce off the plate. Mikey our waiter was friendly and knowledgeable. Service overall was fantastic as the support team was friendly and attentive. A few tables around us ordered off the regular menu. The steak, duck, and scallops entrees looked great. We will be back soon!"}, {"review_id": "_-tVfhwZ_KgPHWNKlSEzlw", "user_id": "A3ul6YBEcH8_s0KdY7RoaA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/22/2018", "text": "Been here a few times and every time the food is delicious. Truly one of the underrated restaurants in Hartford. This restaurant is great whether for a special occasion or just looking for a good meal. Service is also always prompt."}, {"review_id": "YUN-YKV1b3D--jH4NAMG-w", "user_id": "_XbnGx1EhhOCOtNZyODlpw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/22/2017", "text": "Love at first bite! I moved to Hartford from TX 5 months ago and have been on the search for a 5 star restaurant. I can finally say, I've found one. It's no easy feat to impress my palette but Firebox was nothing short of deliciously amazing. We ordered the chicken confit hash, French toast, and honey Sriracha bacon. Everything was so perfectly done! The hash was so rich but not too heavy for breakfast. The chicken was so tasty and the finely chopped peppers, onions, fried egg, and arugula brought together such a good harmony of flavors. This was by far my favorite dish. The French toast was not drenched in syrup! Thank god!! I was skeptical to get it at first because usually French toasts are way too sweet and have powder sugar on them. This one was paired with pistachio and was overall airy and light! And do I need to even talk about the bacon??? As I always say, Sunday's are meant for brunch...and you're not doing brunch right unless it's at Firebox."}, {"review_id": "OvWuOFmUXZ25-0L0NCX9RQ", "user_id": "IVEeHG_2DDgMGvPdgsmWrw", "rating": 2.0, "date": "1/9/2017", "text": "Farm to table they say ... which to me resonates fresh... but the chips that accompanied my beet salad was smelling of stale oil... wats the point of the ingredient being fresh?Good: love the ambience fireplace, Amish farm tables, exposed brick wall, vaulted ceilings ... excellent service Bad: not many options for vegetarians (u cant count beet salad and sauted brussel sprouts as a dish) apart from that there is just one other dish for main course... I had the Irish coffee... absolutely didn't enjoy it there was no cream or layers of Irish syrup coffee like what a traditional Irish coffee should be like ... it was a cup of hot coffee with some Irish liquor...uh??? And they had no menu for kids... it didn't say not \"kid friendly\"... so I wonder?Worst: they took an 80% tip on my check...when I had tipped only 15%... good thing I went home and checked my account (which I rarely do) when I called them to sort out the issue they said they misread the amount ... ??? and I didn't even receive an apology.... I had to follow up a no.of times... this to me was the lowest of all.I won't say it's a bad place ... it's just that I had an unfortunate experience and I'm never going back."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/firebox-restaurant-hartford?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]