[[{"review_id": "yjrSA7-CkS4Z_rsE0zYMNg", "user_id": "XFObbJA3XTN_ah24g00_mA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/1/2018", "text": "I'd be here everyday 1. Curbside: amazing neighborhood- lots of construction (e.g. new apartments and condos) extremely modern BUT no parking 2. Space: trendy, large, open with community benches and a lounge area in the back 3. Staff: extremely friendly and nice4. Menu: great breakfast choices and an extensive tea list 5. My pick: cafe au lait and the NC ham breakfast sandwich on amazingly soft French roll. They also have homemade biscuits like their sausage and chive biscuit that you can turn. Into any breakfast sandwich Recommendations:- more black tea options like Jingmai or Yunnan - more latte options: House made syrups would be great"}, {"review_id": "LxEkiT4wIDom0ais4aaU7w", "user_id": "D9KUDtVoRhj76S3xy_KftA", "rating": 1.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "$11 for a piece of bread with salmon No salad? Oh but 2 slices of orange It was fresh and tasted good but disappointing and you can get more and better nearby.Oh and no WiFi smh"}, {"review_id": "Qv_1GFR6P-d-NMcIigx3mA", "user_id": "V90jWwYkTmIzFW7YQGYxcA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "The line: it looks long as ever but it goes relatively fast. The drink: I got the orange juice which was really good. $5 tho?!? Nah. Not for this tiny glass Biscuit Sammie with meat and cheese: Absolutely freaking amazing!!! I don't know what's in it or how it's made but it is to die for. This place gets a star off because both times I've come for the French toast and they are out. It would be okay if it was later in the morning but they are out by 9:30."}, {"review_id": "X9674iCxUmDqdrrl28xRnQ", "user_id": "cTEZ1wR0Z8PA4GJQl4NzdA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "This place is amazing!! I stopped in before my flight back to Ohio & got a biscuit Sammie & a juice to go. This ship is very trendy, but would be a great spot for a casual coffee/brunch to catch up with a friend or work. The biscuit sammie was amazing. I feel like I'm becoming a biscuit aficionado (*flashbacks to my serving days at red lobster*). I love biscuits that are more drop style with a crunchy, crumbly shell & this fit the bill. The most unique thing was the cheese & bacon on my sammie were baked into the biscuit, that was then split & a fried hard egg was placed between. I was concerned that it would be dry, but it was perfect!! The orange, carrot, ginger juice was super refreshing.My only regret is not getting more biscuits, bread, & pastries to go."}, {"review_id": "m39GjLZ5YEZIzQpI1xQB9Q", "user_id": "uVJR-OrTclcZfoNPqqsfYA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "I was told that this cool looking coffee/cafe shop was the sister spot to Baked and Wired, which is a cupcake shop located in Georgetown. Though it was really crowded the service was very quick and my girlfriend and I was about to get our drinks and snacks quickly! I got the Ice Matcha Latte, which tasted really rich! Wasn't too sweet and had a good ratio of milk and the Matcha flavor. Got an Oatmeal Raisin Cook, which was still a bit moist and chewy, and a slice of I believe Raspberry Cheesecake  flavor cake, which was based off of a cupcake at the Baked and Wired location. Even though the cakes been probably sitting out for sometime, the cake was still  most and the icing wasn't fully harden which is always good. Would def. come back here again when I'm in the area again! Great cofee and delicious sweets! Lots of people ordered food that looked pretty good, but only wanted to snack there at the time. Def give this place a try if you haven't already!"}, {"review_id": "LPMd05CBsPH7KOodKlksZA", "user_id": "D_PFgSzy9EAVWuJQuRJYVA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "Great spot for some good breakfast food, pastries and coffee in the city!We tried a spicy sausage & cheddar with fried egg Biscuit Sammie (weekly special). It was different from what I was expecting since the meat & cheese were a part of the biscuit itself, but it was really tasty and did not disappoint. We also tried \"The OMG\" which is basically a caramel s'mores bar (and yes.. for breakfast) and it was pretty good. The only thing though is that it's pretty pricey, except for a coffee... a hot drip is just $2.20 and it includes free refills, so I actually had 2 cups while eating + asked for a to-go cup to take as we left. Surprised at how busy they were at 11am on a Wednesday, but makes sense with the atmosphere and such nice people running the place!"}, {"review_id": "EW5x45e-slRKMDjcemPuYQ", "user_id": "JFRRsy8gy__2sIeSW4Hoxw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/10/2018", "text": "Came on a Saturday morning around 830 there was no line yet and was still able to grab a seat! After about 9 am, forget it. The line was about 15 people deep when we were leaving and seats were pretty much all taken up. Got the smoked salmon, bacon and cheese biscuit with egg, country ham, and also a quiche. The salmon was delicious and the capers gave it the extra boost in flavor! The biscuit was ok, a little dry for me and the country ham was pretty small (smaller than an average drink coaster). Quiche was savory and as expected. For a drink we got a dirty chai latte and it was pretty good! We spent about $30+ which I thought was steep. It sounds like a lot of food, but the portions were pretty small so in the end we ended up not fully satisfied and had to browse around the are for more food. Great place to try though!"}, {"review_id": "572HC30mM-J2gXF1GrvSCA", "user_id": "OffzzT2HDiiHTknbcVUQeg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "Based on the food alone, I can say I was pretty happy with what I got, even if the prices are high. The smoked salmon is absolutely terrific. The fish combined with the cream cheese and baguette work well together, even if there are scallions in the cream cheese, which you do not even notice because of the tomatoes and the layers of salmon which were so good, and fresh, that it elevated the sandwich (if you want to call it that) to another level. It reminded me of when I went to Israel and got almost the exact same thing. Delicious indeed.I was also reminded of the wonderful pastries they had, specifically the pie. I got a slice of their apple pie. Fantastic flavor, maybe a tad too sweet, but overall it worked out great and I was really trying hard to not want to turn around and get another slice. However, for $5 a slice, I think I will settle for this one piece of heaven, for now. The menu in general is small, and the location is not conducive to Metro stops. If you like coffee it has a hipster feel to it, but generally I was happy with what I got."}, {"review_id": "ftCBO62Jv0YVMTZAAxl1AQ", "user_id": "a_-cGctRb1Tjzkzw8Hp3_Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/21/2018", "text": "I am so lucky to live in the neighborhood where A Baked Joint is located, and I am also unlucky because it is inevitably where I will spend lots of money and endless calories.If you're looking for a delicious biscuit, sandwich, or cookie, come here. If you want a good cup of coffee, come here. Basically, if you want to live life to the fullest and eat delicious things and have an enjoyable time, come here.I visited with my friend over the weekend and was #blessed with the good fortune to be able to try one of their weekend specialty biscuits, which was made with bacon and cheese. The Biscuit Sammie has fried egg, meat and cheese INSIDE THE BISCUIT! Which is worthy of my caps lock.Service is super friendly and fast, and their baked good selection is always rotating."}, {"review_id": "u22-FUSW2jiWiz7P0hvrNQ", "user_id": "FDQpUh4pC3PAP9rfRuaXmQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/11/2018", "text": "They make me love things I don't even like. I was in DC for a team retreat and one morning A Baked Joint was brought in. While I loved the name and we all got a good chuckle out of it, when I heard the savory option was goat cheese and herb (rosemary) biscuits, inside I thought, \"Ugh yuck,\" and not wanting to be \"that person\" toward our gracious hosts, took a biscuit and figured I'd pick at it and drink a lot of tea to appear as though I was partaking while wishing for lunch to arrive. I am not a goat cheese fan and I hate rosemary with the power of a million suns.I did pick the rosemary out as I could, but the goat cheese with what other magical sprinkling of ingredients they used to make these biscuits was AMAZING. The texture, the flavor - great balance and the rosemary was not overpowering at all.A couple days later, we were on our way to a client meeting and stopped here to pick up cupcakes and more biscuits for us to eat on the drive. The staff could not have been nicer. It was busy, but the lines moved. The cupcakes were huge and they had several flavors to choose from. For myself, I opted for a ham and cheese biscuit and I don't even like ham - well it was SO GOOD. Next time I'm in DC this will be a definitely a stop!I regret all I got was a picture of the bag so I wouldn't forget the name of the place!"}, {"review_id": "mugvRDh3lzPByWqRpznHxQ", "user_id": "6Jz-SAiZba0QmgrTQy2vUA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "I travelled to DC on a business trip for a case that we were not winning. Every day the meeting with my boss would be frustrating and dragging on and on. But my early morning visit to A Baked joint was my secret to staying happy throughout the entire trip, even though I had to walk 20 minutes here from my hotel. The place is hidden in an otherwise uninspiring neighborhood, but once you go in the space is so bright and cozy that you wish it's your own living room. The line can be long even at 8 in the morning. I have tried the ham and cheese croissant (damn!!!) and the meat biscuit egg sandwich (oomph!!) and were never disappointed. But I wouldn't get my coffee here."}, {"review_id": "jDTa-2AtzSPx5u360m0aeQ", "user_id": "gljACJz-NQqyDTTYUOU0lA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/27/2018", "text": "Glad I came across this hidden gem. I've been working 2 blocks away for 9 months, I seriously missed out! It's quietly tucked away in the corner right near all the construction in a high-rise building. There's a small sign outside. I got a matcha latte, which was perfect and not too sweet. Wish it was bigger, it's smaller than a Starbucks Tall. The OMG S'mores bar is seriously OMG delicious! It's the same pastry from the sister restaurant -Baked & Wired. It's heavenly with a coat of dark chocolate, fluffy marshmallow, goey caramel layer, and crunchy graham cracker crust. Although I'm on a strict diet for my wedding, I couldn't help but devour the bar, it was that gooood (worth my weekly treat!). I was so impressed that I came back for lunch the next day and ordered a nice big meal! The best part of the meal was a warm slice of caramelized onion and goat cheese focaccia bread. It was so fluffy with a drizzle of oil, melted perfectly in my mouth. Totally worth the carbs. The vegan coconut curry soup, special of the day, was packed with flavor. I enjoyed the savory broth with bamboo shoots, chick peas, and eggplant. Great combination of veggies. Overall, I recommend ordering the dish but wish the broth was a bit less oily (you can see from the pics) and came with brown rice or quinoa instead of white rice. The only thing I wouldn't order again is the #1 veggie focaccia sandwich (looked deceivingly good from the pics!). I was really looking forward to it and couldn't bring myself to even eat 1/2 of it. The sandwich was overloaded with sweet potatoes that were spilling out of the sandwich, I could barely taste the kale or other veggies. The smoked eggplant puree spread was a bit too bitter and didn't work for me. The hodgepodge of veggies and flavors was a mess and didn't quite blend together. I think the sweetness of the potato needed to offset by mushrooms and goat cheese or caramelized onions. Not even the softness of the focaccia bread could salvage the sandwich. There was something left to be desired. The last thing on my checklist to try is the Sammie egg biscuit sandwich. Stay tuned!"}, {"review_id": "VCF3GIQmFlIm8pXVSVhnLg", "user_id": "uVFLAdq3s1vweqSChoxkNw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/21/2018", "text": "One of my FAVORITE coffee shops in the area. Everything I've eaten here is amazing. The breakfast Sammies are a MUST. Matcha latte? MUST. Prosciutto sandwich... smoked salmon sandwich... cakes... pastries... literally everything is A MUST. GRANOLA IS SO GOOD. CHAI LATTE IS ALSO BOMB.COM. I would pass on the iced americano tho... it was a bit too mild and the ice melted too quickly. I think the drip coffee is the way to go if you're a black coffee fan. Taking off a point Bc of no WiFi. WHY BAKED JOINT WHYYYY YOU'RE SO PERFECT, but WHY NO WIFI!!!!"}, {"review_id": "0v_hbJZz_AS69BR9UAIUdA", "user_id": "kVY32TrryLtfjTTHdWo_OA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/17/2018", "text": "'twas worth thee hype! That goat cheese biscuit Sammie alone would bring me back. What were those herbs and spices??? Droplets of heaven??? Yummy goodness from a higher power??? Ever eaten something and regretted wasting the calories? Imagine the polar opposite of that.... while I'm supposed to be abstaining from coffee and bread, I decided to indulge at A Baked Joint and it was worth every buttery morsel of the biscuit and every sweet drop of my iced mocha latte. Hubs thoroughly enjoyed his BLT. It appears they offer alcoholic beverages, happy hour, and even pizza some nights of the week, but we stopped in late on a Saturday morning. You should note, this plate was PACKED. I'm talking you may not be able to sit down, packed. If you see a table, grab it! Be prepared to take your food / drink on the go, though. If you take it to go, grab a bunch of napkins and gobble it down like someone may take it from you in the car. Don't worry about who's looking... Just get to devouring and thank me later. The storefront signage is hard to see from the street so just look for it directly to the left of the bicycle place. Typically, I would talk about ambiance, atmosphere, and service but it's a juiced up coffee shop, so I'll just say no complaints were had. Go there!"}, {"review_id": "XyC96RqywNfEZ9gOVQNQow", "user_id": "TqrVYCA3HQIhZltFP0QSiw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "Haven't returned to this sister shop to \"Baked & Wire\" since last year only because I wish there was one of these in Arlington and I'm never in the area, but I'm surely having withdrawals right now which is why this is a long overdue review... I've had their coffee and of course.... their out-of-this-world ice cream sandwiches (Sammies), duh! Seriously though, their ice cream sandwiches transport you to another world because they are just THAT good!I've tried 3 flavors and would die for all of them: boy blue (oatmeal cookies, vanilla ice cream and blueberry swirl), dah bomb (chocolate wafers and vanilla ice cream), and the bakedwich (chocolate cookies and vanilla ice cream rolled in chocolate chips). Not sure if there's anything else good here but it's worth going for the SAMMIESSSSSS!"}, {"review_id": "xv5oJvzUAjKO0GpO2w_OLg", "user_id": "GmQR50bIII7gDNRYEgfXfA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/2/2018", "text": "3.5 stars! Came to A Baked Joint when we needed to kill some time during a cold, cold DC day. It's located near a bunch of apartment buildings - would be so dangerous if I lived here! I don't know if it's because it was cold out but it was SO crowded - almost overwhelmingly crowded. I ended up sitting on some communal seating that looked like steps/stairs near the back. There were people catching up, studying, having meals & maybe even some Tindr/Bumble dates happening. Very lively and good for people watching. Had some caffeine and sweets. The latte was fine - did the job. I also ordered a blueberry kougin amann because I love kougin amanns but was intrigued by it being filled with something. The blueberry were a surprisingly good touch. Not too sweet. I didn't like how the kougin amann itself caramelized though. It was a little bit hard but it didn't taste old or anything. It was just a more (sugar) crystalized texture than I was used to. Dominique Ansel still makes the best kougin amann I've had...with Tartine in San Francisco a close second. I like A Baked Joint's creativity though. It was a little bit out of the way for us so I'm not sure I'd be back unless I'm in the neighborhood. 33/365"}, {"review_id": "w5bV3s1Rb7BozqwMRN8joA", "user_id": "bUwe7v6zndm2vgZxtd4ufQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/16/2018", "text": "I gotta say, I think this is one of the best places for coffee  in D.C., if not the best. The biscuit breakfast sandwiches are friggin' bomb! The desserts are creative and delicious, I just can't get enough of this place. I'm really happy to spend money at this establishment, because the staff is a great embodiment of D.C.'s diversity. The staff always look like they're enjoying themselves, to the extent that I want join! Just so many positive vibes.Also, I definitely feel that the coffee here beats going to Philz and Starbucks combine. The ambiance is fun and lively. A Baked Joint is basically the place I would visualize  if Complex Magazine started some type of restaurant or coffee shop. The music played at this place is just fire , it definitely has me jamming as I do work or enjoy my coffee and breakfast. My only complaint is that there's no WiFi, but hey, it is what it is. I still love this place! I definitely wish they had another location in the Van Ness area! I also I hope you guys make the expansion to the west and establish a location somewhere in California, preferably NorCal *wink wink.*"}, {"review_id": "Jkf7QvUgOAI08qIvHGqpQw", "user_id": "agarlhTRXjXoMYieX1R60Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/17/2018", "text": "Ventured out despite the weather. Lucky for us, it's not packed. Trendy, industrial feel with underground hip-hop playing - very nice. Black eye coffee - bitter...if you're in to that sort of thing. Dirty chai - delicious. Matador- like a rich Twix bar, tasty. Lil Bertha - pretty much a giant oatmeal cream pie. I deducted a star for being out of a lot of bread items that are designated solely for Saturday.  Huh??Good place for catching up with friends or a date spot."}, {"review_id": "u0oKHnb9Z0-sXUnfIMnwbg", "user_id": "SRJV_DzWUG_KlBoCvVN4NQ", "rating": 2.0, "date": "3/26/2018", "text": "What a huge disappointment. The dirty chai was water poured on top of coffee. No blend at all. Really runny and blech.  The almond latte was straight up disgusting. I cannot even describe what it tasted like. But I will give it a try. Have you ever tried toasting your almonds on a roasting pan in the oven for a few minutes? Nice a toasty and warm...yumm. But when you leave the almonds in the oven for too long and they burn up and turn black and crispy and nasty burned. It's like drinking that in a latte."}, {"review_id": "3KfpyY6iXrQD-FNseAyvFA", "user_id": "y_8YtBdyyzw8q_0pvi_edw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/2/2018", "text": "My first review! This bakery is adorable. A block down from Busboys and Poets, this cafe is much larger than you would expect from the outside, with a huge open kitchen area as well as a variety of different seating types and options. I came here on a very busy Saturday morning during Awesome-Con, so the line was looping around the entire restaurant but still moving pretty quickly. Food comes out very quickly and piping hot - you can literally see the chefs and cooks at work putting everything together!Ok, now onto the food. Since it was before 11 AM, my brother and I both ordered from the breakfast menu, which was extensive, and included everything from biscuits and open-faced sandwiches to french toast and oatmeal. The items were all reasonably priced - typically under 10 - although the portions might be considered a little small. Smoked Salmon Open-faced Sandwich:5/5 AMAZING. This sandwich, featuring a crunchy toasted baguette and delectable smoked salmon was perfectly seasoned and delicious. The capers on top were fried (!!!), adding just the right amount of crunch and toning down the caper flavor a little. Would recommend. Savory Oatmeal:3/5. After seeing other reviews for the savory oatmeal as well as the menu description, my expectations were very high. However, I think it just wasn't for me - the sweet caramelized onions were overpowering, and I couldn't taste much else. The poached eggs was also more runny and raw than I was comfortable with. If the onions were taken out, it'd be 4/5 for sure.Coconut macaroon:4.5/5. Super delicious coconut macaroon with chocolate drizzle on top! Small, maybe about the size of a golf ball. I didn't feel like I could give it a 5/5 because of the price. Almost three dollars for a tiny pastry! It seemed like all of the baked goods were pretty pricey, especially compared to dishes from the kitchen. Overall:5/5. I'd come back for sure. Would love to try the alfajores or the turmeric labneh toast, but preferably on a non-conference day when the line isn't so long!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/a-baked-joint-washington-9?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]