[[{"review_id": "L66lNreGIXPnCbEh-s8NLQ", "user_id": "xxjE4zcuIdKnEc_fja2NWA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "The short: this spot is beautiful, the service is top notch, the open kitchen is super cool and the food is amazing! The longer: I made a reservation to celebrate my birthday on open table, and we were welcomed with personalized menus that said happy birthday. The hostess and waiter both wished me a happy birthday & helped us settle in with delicious glasses of bubbly. We started with oysters, and then went into entrees and sides. I had the whole fish special (red snapper) and my boyfriend had the duck. We had a side of the fries and the mushrooms. The fries are crispy on the outside and like mashed potatoes on the inside. For dessert we had a grapefruit lemon concoction that was amazing. We had such a perfect meal and experience- wouldn't hesitate to come back here, and super appreciative to the staff and culinary crew for helping to make my birthday so special!"}, {"review_id": "0_TkgRvNLBVxl8SLmDpL6Q", "user_id": "skwTWCQ3H6OEXXudZnho6A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "After hearing so many great things about this place, I decided to splurge for my birthday and get a reservation here. It was a little hard to find as it is under a hotel and the sign in front is not the biggest. We were seated immediately and our server brought us water as well.For drinks, I decided to order the Carry Me Away drink as the carrot ginger turmeric sounded interesting. It was pretty good, sweet and orangy, with a hint of spice to it and you can definitely see the turmeric coloring. We had to try to bone marrow, so we ordered that and it was just as great as I've heard. It was super fatty and very easy to spread on the bread. Plus the amount of herbs and salt they sprinkle on it really takes it to another dimension. For main entrees, we got the duck breast, the braised beef rib, and a side of the mushrooms. My duck was so soft with a layer of crispy skin and full of flavor. The braised beef rib was melt in your mouth soft. I also loved the mushrooms, which was salty and very garlicky, just the way I like them. It was actually a lot of food and we didn't have room for dessert, but since it was my birthday, they gave us a couple of free cookies. Not as great as ice cream, but enjoyable nonetheless. Overall, it was an extremely enjoyable experience, from the outstanding service to the excellent food, although it came with a hefty price tag. I would really like to come back and try their brunch though."}, {"review_id": "om1FLCJudjUoMwmo8I4WNA", "user_id": "HxLBRq1iOy7tkt7SKrjmtQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "I'm not quite sure how this is a Michelin Star restaurant. The food was \"okay\" and the service was lacking.  It took our server about 15 minutes to approach our table.  The bread basket took even longer. He was inattentive and I had to keep looking around for him, hoping to make eye contact so he would do things like take our order, refill our waters, offer another cocktail, see if we are enjoying our food, etc.On to the food...Spring Pea Salad: This is a tasty starter, I'd recommend itBone Marrow: It was good, but it wasn't great. It sits on a bed of course salt crystals, which is great for presentation but not really practical.  I wish they had just seasoned the marrow. Pro-tip: Beuchert's Saloon has a delicious bone marrow.Duck Breast: The duck was my least favorite dish at Blue \"Duck\" Tavern. The meat was chewy and course. I literally could not eat it. I ended up taking it home and searing it on the stove a little. Only then was it edible.  I decided they sorely under-cooked it, even for a medium rare.Organic Chicken: The chicken was tender and juicy. But no part of this dish stood out as anything but a well-cooked chicken.Double Chocolate Layer Cake: Decent tasting, needs more of that ice cream. The espresso I had with it was rather good though.Subpoena Cocktail: I really enjoyed this cocktail, despite the fact that our waiter could not even describe it to me or tell me if it was \"sweet.\"  FYI it is on the sweet side but the red pepper adds a nice kick that helps offset the sweetness.On the bright side, the food is remarkably photogenic."}, {"review_id": "4WHhBZSq3nA8tEsOED7-3Q", "user_id": "jajoivDiUKX9bk1EXjEfgw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "I was traveling in Washington, and decided to spoil myself by staying at the Park Hyatt in DC. The hotel itself is lovely, but one of the winning features is the Blue Duck Tavern located in the first floor. It was last minute, but I asked if the concierge could do me a favor by booking me a single table at the restaurant the next night. Thankfully, they were able to get me a great seat at 8pm, and since I was staying right upstairs, I decided to indulge. So on to the feast:I had a three course meal with wine pairings for each. So naturally, I had to start with the Fois Gras terrine with pumpkin, apricot compote, honey and toast points. Creamy and rich, the fois gras paired excellently with the accompanying compotes and honey, and I truly savored this dish. I had a lovely glass of pinot gris with this plate. The fois gras is an excellent idea if you're at the Blue Duck Tavern, and I believe the dish is consistently on the menu (even though the menu changes seasonally).The second dish was the seared duck with orange and tomato. The duck was succulent, and bursting with flavor, and was perfect by itself, no side needed. You're served approximately a half duck, so its a significant portion. I paired this dish with a tart Syrah, which offset the slightly sweeter nature of the meat.Finally I finished with an incredible dessert, the butterscotch dessert. It was almost like a pudding, with crunchy pieces and a deep toffee flavor. It was excellent when paired with a glass of Sauternes, even though the Sauternes is by nature a sweeter digestif. Service was decent, although my server wasn't the most friendly at the beginning, and focused much more on the other tables (with couples or larger groups). I did have a decent conversation with him, and afterwards he was much friendlier and hospitable. Afterwards, I slowly wandered back to my room and fell asleep, a full satiated fella. If you're curious, the total cost of my three course meal including wines came out to approximately $100.--------------Keep in mind the restaurant also serves an excellent breakfast, with egg dishes available on request, and a variety of hot and cold dishes that are high quality.I can see why they received a Michelin star, although I would say that some of the service needs to be boosted a bit. It could be that I was a single diner, but that doesn't mean service needs to be reduced to single diners."}, {"review_id": "1X_rtM7D0f0gA19n-gRY9w", "user_id": "i5iraEPB6rHHTXR8HBt90w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "Blue duck tavern was phenomenal. It is a bit pricey, but honestly very reasonable for a Michelin star restaurant and the quality of food and service here. I had to make a weekend brunch reservation about 2-3 weeks in advance, and it was so worth it. We ordered the bone marrow to share. I had never had bone marrow before, but after this experience, I will definitely be having it again. The marrow was fatty and the salt and seasoning on top was so flavorful and flavored the entire marrow. Spread on top of little pieces of roasted bread, also with a little bit of roasted garlic, it was delicious. Super heavy and filling, but so so good. For entree, I got the short rib hash. I would definitely recommend trying this! The short rib was unbelievably tender, and the sauce was sweet and savory. It was absolutely delicious. With a perfectly soft fried egg on top and biscuit on the side, it was one of the best brunch dishes I've ever had. My friends got the shrimp and grits and hot fried chicken sandwich. Both were delicious and would recommend as well. But a must have, stand out is the short rib hash!Amazing experience at blue duck tavern! Great service and beyond great food!"}, {"review_id": "dh_loSvnaUG4HuTa89_wwA", "user_id": "CHzrqfoktd1_z3paHRKuRA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "My first Michelin-starred restaurant experience was at Blue Duck on Easter 2018. Last minute plans were accommodated with a 9:00 dinner reservation. Browsing thru other Yelp reviews, I came in with a plan. Service was top notch. I've seen ladies and their \"purse hooks\" for tables in restaurants but this establishment provides a personal miniature stool to keep purses off the floor. Wood tables and clean lines throughout provided a modern yet classic ambiance.Our waiter suggested we treat our orders as family style so we could each enjoy various items from the menu. Trying to avoid being too over-bearing with my Yelpness, I patiently waited for the table of 5 to order. I knew if someone didn't order the bone marrow for an appetizer, it would be the definite choice for me. The same thing for the braised beef rib. The table overall did a good job in creating a variety of appetizers with oysters, bone marrow, charcuterie board, and beef tartare. For 5 people this provided a good assortment to share. All were excellent but of course I enjoyed the bone marrow the most. The roasted flavor of marrow and truffle butter was a pleasant symphony with the textures from the oat-thyme streusel then spread on the toast points.For entrees, the table ordered the beef rib (x2), organic chicken, pork shank, and of course the duck breast. While prices did lean towards the $$$ side, rest assured that portion sizes were significant given the quality and detail to each dish. The beef rib serving was enough for two so a substantial amount of food did come home. As much as I wanted to try the apple pie dessert, it simply wasn't going to happen tonight. A 9:00 start on a leisurely dinner with drinks and appetizers just wasn't a formula that ended in dessert. I highly recommend a meal here and have also read great things about their brunch. If I lived in the area, this would be an easy addition to the list for special occasion restaurants."}, {"review_id": "G2akPcdnIxg8DvcvyyWl1A", "user_id": "6_7GuhOIhTMCsGGFREEoPw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "Came here for dinner tonight.  Waited 2 months to get a Saturday reservation.   The ambiance in this place is spot on; its lively, not very noisy, interactive, and not overly pretentious.  The complimentary bread is delicious.  We order Lobster Bisque to start, which was delicious.   The we had Bone Marrow which was also very good.  The bread and the garlic were perfect compliments.  For the Mains I had Rockfish, my husband had Duck Breast and we shared roasted mushrooms.  I really enjoyed our dinner and have already reserved again for June."}, {"review_id": "4biflNSUTTrTaNJIjQnD2w", "user_id": "dHxvSPU6PZqX1LQRXajGDQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/3/2018", "text": "We had a lovely meal here.There is meter parking, as well as lots around the area. The restaurant is located inside the Park Hyatt Hotel.Made reservations awhile back and were seated on time. The hostess was friendly and helpful. There is plenty of seating inside and we loved the ambiance. It's laid back and the decor is very natural. Our server Craig was the best! He was incredibly attentive, friendly, welcoming, and knowledgeable. Everything we ordered from start to finish was a party in our mouth. Some of our favorites were the White Corn Grits, Pecan Sticky Buns, BDT Brunch Burger, and Apple Pie. All of the dishes were perfectly seasoned and well prepared."}, {"review_id": "EbniLK07sw8CtFQxQ5NEGQ", "user_id": "oJn-zJ_Og0KjaXeC4ij-Yg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/12/2018", "text": "YUMWent here for brunch on a Sunday and man, this place is good!  Got the chicken and biscuit starter and wow, we could have licked the plate clean. One of the better biscuits in town. I ordered the ham Benedict and it was very tasty (anti-pickle people- be warned they snuck a pickle in there!) I tried the candy pop rock sorbet mimosa (kiwi flavored) and I wouldn't say it was very life changing. I'll go without it next time.  Overall, the service was great and the lighting/ambiance was very inviting. Can't wait to go back!"}, {"review_id": "9fLNmnBwJcnKEivBetpKOg", "user_id": "-bqc0DAjHaIYaejWa8AHng", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/25/2018", "text": "If you're looking for a high quality restaurant that reflects top notch American foods, you've come to the right place!RUNDOWN:- A high end restaurant with just as fancy decor; the floor to ceiling glass walls are what drew me in! - The food is INCREDIBLE. If you think it's pricy, it's for good reason. The thought and detail they put into their dishes is amazing and you can taste the quality through and through.- The service is one of the best I've had. If you have reservations ahead of time and let them know what type of special occasion it's for (anniversary, birthday, etc.) they'll give you a customized menu that says Happy Anniversary or Happy Birthday X at the top. This type of attention to detail is exactly what brings back customers! You even get to keep these menus as a souvenir ;) On top of that, our server Lewis was EXTREMELY kind, welcoming, and very personable. He has really set the bar for the perfect dining experience. TIPS/RECS:- Do NOT come without reservations (maybe you'll get lucky) but the wait can get long! Luckily, they have a bar to the left of the restaurant and you can wait there until your table is ready- Another reason to come on your anniversary, birthday, or another special occasion is because they usually have a free dessert of some sort for you!-- FOIS GRAS CREME BRÛLÉE (omg so good)-- MOULARD DUCK BREAST (literally any duck they have will be good)-- WOOD OVEN ROASTED BONE MARROWThis is truly what a fine dining restaurant should encompass and I'm a huge fan!"}, {"review_id": "DmYjPQ_rX3sBmGpAjbVrLw", "user_id": "nh6ArLduHi_53eMPMW0fgw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/4/2018", "text": "Amazing food and even more amazing service! I spent years in the foggy bottom area and finally decided to try blue duck tavern. Three words I AM HOOKED! The food is absolutely phenomenal. I made a reservation for brunch and as soon as I was led in I was greeted by the pleasant smell that fills the restaurant. The menu can start to look like everything meshes together so read carefully! To start we had the crab cakes which were amazing! There was absolutely no filler. (Wasn't expecting filler, but still lol) The crab cakes were also topped with caviar which was a nice flare. The short rib hash and the pancakes were entrees that I tried. The hash was cooked to perfection with a very tasty sauce at the bottom of the dish paid with an egg cooked to your liking. The pancakes were amazing and the nuts were a nice addition to the top pancake with the cream. The syrup they serve is nice and light! To drink, I had the lemonade which is definitely made the list for top 5 lemonades I've ever had. The lemonade was fresh and not too tart. I cannot wait to come back to blue duck tavern. I would like to try the dinner soon!"}, {"review_id": "9GxDULJvgMzEjTGZA2eing", "user_id": "Zcip7fIYv5LhEgDGG-XhUQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/18/2018", "text": "We celebrated our 1 year anniversary here. This happened to be our 2nd Michelin star restaurant experience. It was definitely the right choice of venue to celebrate this special milestone in our relationship.Food: luxuriously decadent...Bone marrow and bread appetizer - 5/5 - this was my first time having beef bone marrow as a bread spread - absolutely delicious gelatinous fatty salty-savory spread. (I'm 30 and had never tried this before???)Moulard duck breast with tomato orange marmalade - 5/5 - absolutely delicious thick cuts of fresh tender duck in a refreshing fruity side condiment. Braised beef rib with stone ground mustard spatzle - 5/5 - super tender savory beef rib smothered in a unique seasoned sauce.Whipped (mashed) bone marrow potato - 5/5 - so unbelievably rich and decadent that the server insisted us to order claiming it to be the best mashed potatoes and he may be right about it!Mandarin custard - 5/5 - absolutely beauty in a cup and an amazing distinct taste. Loved it!Apple pie - 4.5/5 - perhaps the best apple pie, best accompanied with a scoop of vanilla ice cream (that is if you are a fan otherwise it may not impress you at all)Let it linger cocktail - 5/5 - loved it! Oh my darling cocktail -5/5- strong kick with this gin Service: impeccable, attentive and friendly. Special recognition to Frank, our server, who gave us fabulous recommendations Ambience: very fabulous contemporary modern decor with a layout of divided  subsections for privacy"}, {"review_id": "_7K24MD-sCiKMwS4wmNnzw", "user_id": "CxRD5BdNXKgTjx_SkhAXPQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/29/2018", "text": "Went to blue duck tavern for an impromptu date night with my wife. This is a Michelin rated restaurant inside the Park Hyatt hotel - which I love. The place is absolutely gorgeous in all details. To just mention one - the chairs. Solid wood, perfectly and ergonomically sculpted so that it perfectly comfortable to sit in for long periods. It's that attention to detail that makes this place so beautiful. We ordered bone marrow and a charcuterie board for appetizer.  The presentation was super well done and the taste fantastic. The main course was duck and the butcher's cut with a shared side of mushrooms. We also had a bottle of nice Burgundy wine.  Every again well presented, well attended by staff. Basically I have nothing negative to report. One thing that I want to emphasize is that I told them we were gluten intolerant when I reserved and they were aware when we arrived. We were served gluten free bread and the waiter advised us on selections and modifications without us having to prompt them.  Perfect touch."}, {"review_id": "CbIjuxdFLG-rYCyraNFezg", "user_id": "JSJSk90GRUeqBdQxzQ3jUg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/24/2018", "text": "We decided to make the trek here via foot to build our appetite for the delicious brunch we were about to have, and boy was it worth it!Price: About $15-20 per dish. Good portion sizes.Food: Pecan Sticky Buns $12: This is a must. Super tasty with the perfect amount of sauce and pecans.Jumbo Lump Crab Cakes $16: The best crab cakes I have ever had. Huge pieces of crab with not too much sauce.Short Rib Hash $22: Great flavors in this hefty dish. Comes with a biscuit to round out the dish.Hand Cut BDT Fries $11: This was an interesting dish. It seemed more like fried mashed potato blocks than french fries. I do love my potatoes though.Roasted Wild Mushrooms $14: Outstanding dish. I love mushrooms and this is one on the top of my list.  Drinks: Bloody Mary $12. Not too strong.Service: Good. Fast and friendly!Honestly, I had a great brunch and am looking forward to try their dinner."}, {"review_id": "sqBqYJk5SHueelo4Mmbb6Q", "user_id": "CBOqeCpbwk5iZicjmfN09A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/10/2018", "text": "Love the aesthetic (clean lines, modern, tons of natural light, and a semi-exposed kitchen). I've only eaten here for breakfast before (not sure I could afford dinner), but I adore the seasonal waffles (the gingerbread waffles this winter were delicious, but overall, the flavors are never quite as adventurous as Founding Farmers down the street). Also love the cheese plate - one of the best in the city (I can't ever pass on a cheese plate).Honestly, worth coming here just to eat at a Michelin rated restaurant. Breakfast is expensive, but not ridiculous, especially given that it is situated between Foggy Bottom and Georgetown. Delicious coffee and the tables by the windows at the front are a fantastic place to catch up with friends or host a client meeting! I wish I had more excuses to dine at this establishment and trust that I will be making some up in the coming months because I suspect the outdoor seating area is perfect in spring!AccessibilityI believe the restaurant is wheelchair accessible, but have not yet checked out the restroom. Lighting is mostly natural and can't be dim in certain sections. Acoustics are good-- never gets overbearingly loud and I'm sensitive to noise."}, {"review_id": "PzlYjd30Cj1wKp1Jx3lqUQ", "user_id": "U8f06vx7p7ttV6MgxSLCyw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "The Blue Duck tavern is the best American restaurant in DC.  I'm going to wax poetic here for a moment, so bear with me.I've been to DC many times, for work and for pleasure.  It is a wonderful place to visit, because as an outsider, it's monuments and institutions remind you of the profound ideals, and aspirational words, that form the bedrock of our great experiment in self-governance.  Those words are literally carved into stone all over the city, and imbue you with a sense of pride, and responsibility.  The monuments have their desired effect - highlighting the best of America, and reminding us of our best selves.Living in the beltway, however, seems to beat you into a craven cynic in short order.  So best to get in and get out, I guess.Anyhoo, the Blue Duck, and the Park Hyatt in which it stands, chose colonial America as an aesthetic, to tremendous effect.  Shaker furniture, clean, simple lines, fine woods, and a puritan minimalism all work together to hit deeply American notes, and the fact that it all works without looking like a Vermont B&B is truly an achievement.  It feels luxe and elegant and totally modern, and unlike any other DC restaurants in its class, which tend towards overblown formality, precious detail, and obsequious service.  Like the city itself, it turns a mirror to America, reflecting a very flattering image.  Those same notes are echoed in the menu, which features locally-sourced fin, hoof and foul prepared expertly, and extraordinary duck fat fries, and apple pie.  I had the \"rockfish,\" which is the Chesapeake Bay term for Striped Bass, my wife had the succulent roast chicken, and my girls had a burger (phenomenal) and buttered pasta off the kids menu.  All excellent.  All American.  We erred only in missing the artisanal cider on the menu, which would have been perfect accompaniment, instead having a nice local Virginian Vermentino wine.  The wine list is very deep, separated into New World and Old World selections, so oenophiles can still drop $1200 on a '15 Clos de Tart Monopole Morey-St.-Denis, if the company is buying.It's hard to get a Michelin star.  It's really hard to get a Michelin star without tablecloths.  Blue Duck deserves the accolades."}, {"review_id": "cWHpoccHbbVxtUarDv0w6g", "user_id": "qH7F4rYyQhofhjyOPWrJ6A", "rating": 2.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "For a michelin star restaurant, the service was a complete disappointment, from seating to the end. The lady that seated us, possibly name Nina, had made a comment under her breath (but clearly loud enough to hear) that she didn't like the attitude when someone at our table had asked about a quiet seating area. Before that even, seating was very slow but the staff grumbling about a simple question of not being in a noisy area was uncomfortable and inappropriate. Additionally, they started clearing plates from two people at the table while two others were still eating and even tried to take their plate. This is not a cheap restaurant, to rush our meal was again, not polite. I will note in fairness, most of the food was good, but the service was completely disappointing. Would be 1 star if based on service alone."}, {"review_id": "B_CYD4xdVuayxdxvAC4gWQ", "user_id": "1s9rEBA2CK9Z5R4zErB-KA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/17/2018", "text": "Was very excited for this meal given all the rave about the brunch options here and caved in on the brussel sprouts that we couldn't stop reading about in prior reviews. For entrees we got the Brunch Burger and the Short Rib Hash. Pro-tip: brussel sprouts are not overhyped, definitely order them!Service was top-notch and the spacing of the restaurant adds to the experience.But after the meal we felt super sluggish given the generous amount of oil used to cook the food. On the fence between 4 and 5 stars but was not WOWed enough by the food to warrant a 5, especially given the Michelin Star. Still could not go wrong with Blue Duck though for any occasion!"}, {"review_id": "3VLFNnwg1B3xyGwp9giCsQ", "user_id": "PJWlyv5JyGbokkc712wmhw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/12/2018", "text": "Came here on a Sunday night at 5.30. I liked the atmosphere which was on the quieter side. The drinks were good. I am a picky drinker so there was a lady who suggested a very good drink to me. Service here was good. No complaints. The food was also very good. Had the bone marrow for appetizer, and then beef brisket, and ice cream for desert. They did clean the table and give new silverware and plates after every course.I did notice something the server seemed to be sweating a lot as he talked to us. He was very nice but he seemed uncomfortably drenched in sweat. He explained the menu to me, made sure none of the entrees I selected had any ingredients I was allergic to. He also came by to explain each plate we received."}, {"review_id": "lTXOaJoNgAILkB_lmKLmpA", "user_id": "HM1mCV__21_V0nbKM30U2g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/27/2018", "text": "All in all, great prices and options for brunch (definitely want to try the crab cake and pecan sticky buns next time)!Food: I was too full, so I was thinking of just ordering juice, but I also wanted to try Blue Duck Tavern's brunch items. I normally go for the sweet brunch options, but there were more savory options, so I decided to give them a try. Both the short rib hash and the brunch burger were better than the pictures and better than my expectations. I devoured both dishes. I wasn't a fan of the fries that came with the burger, but this is just a matter of preference with how you like your potatoes.Service: The one star off is due to our server. Our server appeared to be new and there were numerous times when I tried to wave her down, because we needed something, but she wouldn't notice us. Fortunately, the other experienced servers would notice us from the other side of the hall and helped us. I wouldn't take a star off for this.Then, I saw her pick up a rag to clean the table next to us before they got their next dishes...unfortunately, I also saw how disgusting the rag was, and she saw it too. She decided to hide that by putting that side face down, and started to \"clean\" their table. She got lucky because the table was busy conversing. Our table was wiped down by someone else who used a new napkin. I know she's training, so probably needs more time; however, this is a Michelin-starred restaurant within the Park Hyatt."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/blue-duck-tavern-washington?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]