[[{"review_id": "rnNqqy_Eg-dOAhQ16Ub4fw", "user_id": "f3yOvysZdckSfFRhrhHOvw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "A party of two at 9 pm (daikaya closes at 10 pm). The shop was 99% pull. We took the last two spots at the bar overlooking the kitchen. With the 85 degree whether, it was quite hot sitting next to the boiling pot of soup. We ordered:Dumplings: delicious - super juicy inside, perfectly toasted, wrap was nice and thin. Shoyu ramen with pork belly and spice bomb: yum! Nice balance of flavors, not too strong and the ramen was perfectly al dente. The stir fry of bean sprouts and ground pork was a nice touch. The pork belly was cut too thick for my taste. The spice bomb wasnt spicy enough but added an interesting kick. The boiled egg was cooked juuuuussssst right. Mmmmm....Spicy miso: soooo delicious! Better than the shoyu ramen and spicier than expected. I'd definitely order this again."}, {"review_id": "lfSksiuepNInFAU9Usc29g", "user_id": "eB-mAa3g29SJvoSPBlG02g", "rating": 1.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "Bad service left bad taste in our mouths even though ramen was good. Had a very strange experience with the rude hostess working on Sunday night 5/6/18. Basically the hostess chose to strictly and rudely enforce some seating set up instead of evaluating the situation and choosing to provide better customer service. I HOPE management reads this as it is a poor way to run a business. We were sat at the bar by where the waiters picked up food and decided to move down one seat after a guy finished because it was tight and we felt encroach upon by the food pick up. Then a little after we ordered our food the hostess came over and told us \"I am going to need you to move back over one seat\". To which we explained why we moved over. She responded by saying that we cannot stay where we were because it would mess up her seating arrangement at the bar since she needed to keep her ones together. And she would not let us move to certain other seats. We later figured out that she wanted us stay seated in our waitress's assigned area which we completely understand and would have been fine with had she used a nice tone of voice and explained clearly. However we still thought her demands were strange seeing as how:- if there were seats assigned for a one person party then why would she \"need\" to keep her ones together- we were at the corner of the bar with 3 stools - so pretty easy to keep the 2 person and 1 person set up with the 3 seats- we were clearly still in the same seating area that our waitress was serving based on the other seats she was checking on-  it was a small 34 seat area (so all customers were visible and it should be easy to make adjustments)- it was close to closing (9:30pm and they close at 10pm) - the restaurant was only about 2/3rds full- customers were finishing up theirs meals and only 2 couples and 1 single person came in after usIn the end the seat she asked us to move from remained empty (in fact within 10 minutes all the customers at the bar were finished and had left). So we were rudely asked to move for no reason at all because by the time we got our food there were only 7 other people besides us in the 34 seat area."}, {"review_id": "XKtqyRO_7lZtwf7Mbd_eXw", "user_id": "RkadxBU9aJo20BhSEFPFMQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "I have been here multiple times and have never been disappointed so far.Wait times depend on the time of the day that you come in. They unfortunately don't take reservations. They  use the Nowait app to check you in and text you when they're ready for you. If you want you can head upstairs to the izakaya for a drink while you're waiting.  . The place is not a good spot for groups of 4 or more.I would recommend the spicy miso ramen. You can also have an extra spice bomb for an extra charge if you're inclined. If you don't eat pork they have the vegetarian option. Dessert is vanilla soft serve with drizzle. I would recommend the avocado lime - so delicious!The servers are kind and courteous. They are very knowledgeable on the menu so don't be afraid to ask questions or for recommendations.  They also move with efficiency. I'm docking a star because the bathrooms are almost always neglected.  Outside of that I wholeheartedly recommend this place."}, {"review_id": "-er6qeGTcRoVWmGZ4tlCyw", "user_id": "Hv50oYA5Q1bu6Qk5HCE-rg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "Came here on Sunday for lunch. The wait was about 30-40 mins for two people. We were seated at the bar area surrounding where they cook the ramen. While eating and sitting there, i thoroughly enjoyed watching how they made the ramen bowls. They have a very systematic way of doing it and were so efficient, I was impressed. We got our food within less than 10 mins after ordering. I ordered the Shoyu Ramen, and my friend ordered the Spicy Miso Ramen. See photos for what the dishes looked like. Both were very flavorful, but not too salty, I was expecting the Shoyu Ramen bowl to be a little salty because of the soy sauce base, but was pleasantly surprised that it was just perfect. No wonder everyone talks so highly of Daikaya- they are delicious, efficient, and service is great!"}, {"review_id": "bLMU3_ay5xcktI0ZPvghAA", "user_id": "jgtaIl_EKbh6pizgUvGW1w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Pretty decent ramen for the 30 minute wait on a Sunday night. You cannot make reservations for the downstairs ramen bar, which makes sense given the space. It's small, seating maybe 35 people and it's family style seating.There was loud Hip hop music playing, making it hard to talk to my partner. The staff was awesome and knowledgeable. They also have an App for knowing how long the wait is, which is great. I got the Shoyu ramen with an egg and it was delicious! Great, fast service. Good food!"}, {"review_id": "LB5r9_6ro4qGliq4vosFhQ", "user_id": "uR8cRuv4qyfosYxl3u3Clg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "Sooo good, but you already know. The ramen was amazing with the savory broth, al dente noodles, and spice bomb!! One of my friends is vegetarian and she really enjoyed her veggie ramen. The seasonal drink was this exotic version of a screwdriver and I loved it. It was unlike any  orange juice I've ever tasted!!There was about an hour wait on a weekday after the workday. But, they had a great app that told you how many people were in front of you in line. You could also go to the restaurant upstairs and have some drinks and small bites while you wait.The best part is that my leftover soup was still delicious reheated the next day!! I hardly ever eat leftovers but the ramen was so good, I couldn't let any of it go to waste. Must try!!!"}, {"review_id": "Qcddmj4x6RyMdM2IDgeDkw", "user_id": "cvxq6esO3--goTnJRvDxEA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "Being the self-proclaimed foodie in my friend group (despite the title requiring nothing but a love of food, how millennial), I always recommend Daikaya as the best ramen in D.C. Having been to Daikaya at least ten times since moving to D.C., it still reigns supreme. The ramen shop does not take reservations and seats around 30 people. I always put my name in and go for a drink at the myriad establishments within a few blocks. Expect the wait to be at least 30 minutes and up to an hour and a half depending on your group size and time of day that you are going.Everything here is phenomenal. The shoyu ramen is my favorite--delicately balanced and not too heavy. I sometimes add pork belly which accentuates the ramen nicely. If you're hungry, go for the miso or spicy miso (this one's not shy on the spice). You can add as many items as you'd like. A note for saving-the-planet veggie friends: the veggie ramen here is amazing and not available at the sister restaurant Bantam King. The rest of the ramen is pork/beef based. If you have veggie friends who want ramen, you'll have to wait for Daikaya. Feel free to blame them, or just obnoxiously slurp your noodles from your delicious pork-based dish.Staff are always knowledgeable and efficient. This is not a place you can linger, however, since there are always others waiting for a coveted seat. A few of the tables and bar seats are communal, so keep that in mind if you don't want to share your deepest darkest secrets over a bowl of ramen."}, {"review_id": "f95SVMwYNAT62dZf-VqpcA", "user_id": "BXAPM1w5K3uRVYURpbvqaQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "This place is fantastic. I arrived shortly before they opened on a Sunday and found a line waiting for the doors to open, always a great sign. I was quickly seated at the bar and given a very simple menu with 5-6 ramen options. Gotta love a simplistic menu. It was entertaining sitting at the bar because all of the food was being freshly prepared right in front of me. Looking over the menu I was torn between the Shoyu and Spicy Miso Ramen. After consulting the server on her preferences, I decided to go with the Shoyu ramen, which has a rich, soy-based broth infiltrated with toasted garlic flavor. She suggested that I add a spice bomb, so I did. Shortly afterwards, I was brought a steaming-hot bowl of heaven. Ramen noodles were piled in the center of the bowl, topped with green onions, ground pork, sliced pork, a soy-boiled egg, a chunk of dried seaweed and bean sprouts. As with any ramen, the broth is what makes it. Theirs was a dark, caramel tone with the perfect balance of sweet, spicy, salty and savory flavors. This was absolutely the best bowl of ramen I've had. I will be back, maybe for dinner tonight!"}, {"review_id": "cJHjLhD8lM6NXnUsoBojVQ", "user_id": "Su75NMYtxCXpIZC5wKiHZw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "Light snack before lunch\"Shoyu Ramen / Mugi-Miso Ramen\"POGIBALLS overall rating 4 StarsFood 4 StarsService 4 StarsRestaurant Cleanliness 4 StarsRestroom 4 Stars     The Shoyu Ramen was good but needed just a little more meat slivers.  Other than that, the noodles were good and plentiful, the broth was excellent and the side of dried seaweed topped off the dish.  The Mugi-Miso Ramen was also good and the noodles were pretty thick.  The broth was nice and flavorful and the seaweed was delicious.  But also like the Shoyu, it was lacking a little more meat.  Suggestion when you order these dishes you need to spend a little extra for the extra meat and seaweed on the side.  Other than the lack of portioning with the meat it was good. I would dine here again #DaikayaRamenShop, Daikaya Ramen Shop Washington D.C. #pogiballsratings"}, {"review_id": "zu0Aw-SsL01hV9CQUfMTQA", "user_id": "6IsVybwkd4CrpaIhutkpFQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "This has been my go to place for ramen in DC for probably 3 years now. It's pretty much always crowded and the wait times can be long but when you get that steaming bowl of noodle soup placed in front of you know the wait was worth it.  The spicy miso is my top choice and I usually add an egg. The broth is rich and spicy and the noodles are fresh and have just the right texture. If you ask for hot sauce they bring you a house made \"spice bomb\" which is yummy but be aware they add 3 or 4 dollars to your bill. It's a pet peeve of mine to ask for a condiment that is normally free and get a charge without warning. Sigh. It's loud and cramped and they do like to turn tables quickly so don't go when you want to have a long lingering quiet meal."}, {"review_id": "BINdY_ffN4h5cE96xNTZfw", "user_id": "CcqpZkc5ngs88akzQ0rFHg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "I love Japanese food and have grown up eating it. HOWEVER being vegan means that I generally can't go out to eat Japanese food (unless it's shojin ryori... thank you Buddhist monks). Daikaya not only has a vegan ramen, it has a creamy, delicious, veggie-filled vegan ramen. My SO, who ordered the mugi miso and another of the meat based ramens on our two visits, thought the veggie ramen was better than both dishes he tried. To emphasize how good this ramen was, and how difficult it is to find good vegan ramen elsewhere, I should note that we were in DC for three days to see the cherry blossoms, and we came to Daikaya on two of those days. If the wait wasn't ~1 hour we probably would have gone all three days."}, {"review_id": "fS1JJi4OU-8QR9oawfDoYA", "user_id": "Q-reN0-rqKjirkHdGsksBw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/1/2018", "text": "1. Ambiance: This is a modern ramen shop with minimal design. It is as basic as they come with community wooden tables and booths. The overhead music plays the best hip hop to keep it lively. 2. Food: This ramen shop has stepped up their game. When I dined at this restaurant awhile back, the noodle was thin and the meat was thick and dry. This time around, the restaurant has changed their noodles to the thicker kind, which is my absolute favorite. Also, they had changed their roast pork to thinly and flavorful slices. I had ordered the Spicy Miso Ramen, which is topped with roast pork, chashu, bean sprouts, onions, garlic, ground pork, nori, and scallions. The broth was really good. I highly recommend adding boiled eggs to the ramen for an additional creamy taste. 3. Service: Brandon was our server and he did a great job assisting our table. My bowl came out last and I had to wait a little longer than the others, but he was very attentive and checked in the back multiple times. He also checked up on our table multiple times during our dining experience. He was great!4. Costs: The Spicy Miso with boiled eggs was $15.50. It was definitely worth it and the price of the bowl meets the market price of other ramen bowls around the area. I thought it was reasonably priced.5. Overall Experience: I really enjoyed dining at this restaurant. The ambiance, food, and service were great. I will definitely be back to try other broths that they have. Side Notes: There is a separate room with a big dining table. If you have a large group, ask to be seated back there for privacy. There is Daikaya Izakaya upstairs with small plates. I have not tried any items from the Izakaya menu, but will do so at my next visit."}, {"review_id": "C4oISkcPjM3f_Un5uQ_WcA", "user_id": "NuM3yHO4x3hMbcluYHlfsw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/21/2018", "text": "Yes, if you have only had instant ramen .. then this place will blow you away, BUT if you have had ramen made at home or even from a decent Japanese/Korean restaurant, this is on-par or good to pretty goodNO RESERVATIONS.... sucks.  We had kids in tow who are picky eaters to begin with, but what kid doesnt like noodles?BONUS - the restaurant brought us some kiddie bowls (IKEA) and that made life a LOT easier.  We had:SHOYU RAMENIn keeping with Sapporo ramen tradition, we use very dark rich soy sauce in our shoyu ramen. The soup has toasted garlic and slight caramel tones. Topped with 1/2 egg: nitamago$13.00EXTRA NOODLESMore is More$2.50This was good for the kids. The sauce was flavorful, but there was a brunt note to it that made it a little bit...offSPICY MISO RAMENOur spicy miso ramen broth has balance, depth and complexity. It is not just simply spicy. We use shiro-miso, which is white miso, for this ramen. This ramen contains peanuts$14.00EXTRA VEGGIESBrussel Sprouts, Snow Peas, Carrots, Wood Ear Mushrooms$2.50This ramen was delicious. we liked the pungent flavor from the miso and enjoyed the complex broth.worth trying."}, {"review_id": "Kyy51rnymOg8sFJ7Sal-qg", "user_id": "n4T6RAqC2o6b180CbKQ7dw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/4/2018", "text": "Definitely one of the top Ramen places of DC. The popular choices are Shoyu and Spicy Miso. The Shoyu flavor has a great flavor from the soy sauce and toasted garlic garlic while not being too salty. However, the Spicy Miso was a bit too salty so I couldn't eat much of the broth. My personal favorite is the Shio Ramen because the broth pacts just as much flavor as the Shoyou and Spicy Miso but still rich with the perfect amount of salt level for me to finish the whole bowl. The toppings of Daikaya is perfect for me too, the egg is runny and bean sprouts mixed with the ground beef is delicious. The only caveat is the pork belly was served very cold so it took an extra 10 minutes just to warm it up to a edible temperature.Also, the seated is very limited and they are no reservations so there was an hour wait on at noon on Sunday.Overall,Taste: 4/5-Highly Recommend Shio with Corn on the sideService: 5/5Bang for Buck: 4/5-13 dollars for a delicious bowl of ramen is definitely fair."}, {"review_id": "vEA51EbAJ9OPkag1PwaOFQ", "user_id": "ZbbWBJA0OuLFFn9AdsicLQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "My friend wanted to give ramen another shot so after looking at a few pictures while waiting around we decided to try it out. I've been to a few ramen shops and hear this place was really good so I was a bit excited to give it a try. We got there around 5 and were fortunate to not have to wait. I highly suggest you come here with one friend or possibly on your own. The ramen shop only has two tables in the immediate view that would work for a party of 4-5. Not sure if there is additional seating upstairs. I will say our server was friendly and answered the few questions we had about the menu. I ended up getting the spicy miso and adding an egg. My friend had the miso ramen and got a drink. About 5 minuets the waitress came back with her drink which was interesting, it was very refreshing, a summer drink all the way. Our ramen was served in minutes flat and so hot we had to wait for it to cook down. After the steam began to settle a sipped at the broth. When i tasted it I was easily able to drink it down. It wasn't spicy really, it kinda was if someone put half the amount of spice in it but a little too much broth to lower it. They said it was more than just spice but whenever that \"more\" was they may have skipped it in my bowl. The egg I ordered tasted a little off also, kind of acidic in a way, it reminded me of a battery for some reason. I may have just gotten an odd egg for all I know. My friend said she liked her drink better than her ramen, feeling it was ok and not something she would go back for. Overall it was decent but not for me."}, {"review_id": "Mqoa1jP7ckZDpQpB4wqFsg", "user_id": "EoG_g5nM5oZcBbwQDzH59g", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/26/2018", "text": "The Food:I came here after hearing about the amazing ramen and came out a bit underwhelmed. I got the shoyu ramen and I thought the broth was a bit too salty but my friends thought it was perfect. I admit I am sensitive to salt, so if you are too, it is something to note. The meat was great, but there wasn't much of it. However, the noodles were amazing and the saving grace of the bowl. I would still reccommend this restaurant because of the overall quality of the dining experience.The Price:Not going to lie, the starting price isn't bad, but it is pretty bare bones. It does get a bit expensive, compared to other ramen places, once you add typical things that come with most ramen bowls. They are definitely riding on their popularity. The Space/Wait/Staff:For a group of 5, there was a wait of around 30 to 45 for dinner on the weekend. For how busy it was, the staff was very attentive. The space is really cool with old manga as wall paper. Overall, the atmosphere is fun, hip, and lively, it would be a great date spot!"}, {"review_id": "bsnoKX5OaEGennIZ6UthAg", "user_id": "bip0v8M0nzCboRpfzBimww", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/28/2018", "text": "After visiting Toki Underground and absolutely loving it, I was excited to visit this other much hyped ramen shop in D.C. I even talked my friend out of the nearby new poke shop close by so we could try it after a long skate at the Sculpture Garden Ice Rink. Unfortunately Daikaya just didn't live up to \"must go\" or even \"solid spot\" expectations. I ordered the Spicy Miso Ramen. Nothing about the flavor popped for me, from the nori (which was almost weirdly bland), to the pork, to the broth. The broth was closer to mediocre--the menu claims it's \"not just spicy\" and that it'll be an eclectic mix of tastes so maybe they were just doing too much. There was a weird peanut undertone to the broth that just didn't belong and the hot spice level was barely there. My friend thought her Shoyu Ramen + spice bomb was okay, but nothing to write home about...I say if you have to go, at least skip the Spicy Miso and get the Shoyu. I'm pretty disappointed because I've heard such good things about this place. At least the service was friendly. Maybe it was just a bad night, but I can say I'll definitely be skipping Daikaya and going to where I know I'll get a high quality bowl the next time I have a ramen craving."}, {"review_id": "7CTPbWy4xynhXfHSobW-gw", "user_id": "zbB8CIFOF3TJS9S4pDOssA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Wonderful ramen!!  5 types from which to choose. Well worth the possibly long wait. This is a sister restaurant to a Japanese restaurant upstairs. The one upstairs takes reservations. Daikaya does not. We waited about 20 minutes but that was, in part, because one member of our party arrived later. I would return for sure on my next trip to DC!"}, {"review_id": "yyIuPzjUU5oFgA-si8oZ8A", "user_id": "TCM2TDCR3c01f0kSpm50lw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/19/2018", "text": "Now, ​this is the spot to feed your ramen appetite in the D.C. area! Daikaya is a gem as it imports their noodles from Sapporo, Japan and has a soup base that takes over 16 hours to prepare. This complexity is definitely​ represented in the flavor. I have tried the shoyu ramen, which contains dark rich soy sauce, toasted​ garlic, and half an egg. In addition, like the other four types of ramen, except for the vegetarian version, it is served with roast pork chasu, bean sprouts, onions, garlic, ground pork, nori, and scallions. The broth is served hot and is full of rich flavor. The noodles are chewy, perfectly tender, and goes well with the full-bodied​ broth. The atmosphere is casual and resembles a food hall as you are sitting next to strangers at wooden tables and benches. Additionally, ​the place is nicely decorated with Japanese decor and is very open as you can even see the chefs cooking close by. The servers are exceptionally respectful, fast, and helpful. You cannot ask for better service. The restaurant is popular and at most times, you can expect an hour-long​ wait. The wait is worth it and luckily, there is a mall close by if you want something to do for that hour. However, you will need to be close to the restaurant because once you are notified through text that your seat(s) are ready, you have five minutes to claim them. Overall, Daikaya is an excellent spot to enjoy fresh, delicious​, and hot ramen."}, {"review_id": "80RamfUI3HlbnKzGGIfM-w", "user_id": "i56BPi1ZmOR_axQS_UTm2A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/19/2018", "text": "This place has a super great atmosphere with yummy ramen.  There are only a few private booths, the rest of the seating is at communal long tables or at the bar.  I sat at a communal table.  My boyfriend and I shared the spicy miso ramen and the shio ramen.  The spicy miso ramen was good but the broth didn't have the complex taste that the shio did.  It was amazing how much flavor the shio broth had while remaining light.  I loved how I could taste the subtle ginger in it.  Daikaya is a perfect place to grab a bite on a cold and rainy day!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/daikaya-ramen-shop-washington-2?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]