[[{"review_id": "vSdiOg0KYredsJyOSFfAdA", "user_id": "HVWQIzeIy0ggrYNTslV5zw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "Glad I had the foresight to make a reservation for Sunday Brunch- for one. Yes, make a reservation even if you are solo. The ambiance, decor and layout of this restaurant is fantastic. Beautiful, Francophile, interesting and well run. It was very busy, so I was delighted to be seated in the sunroom within 5 minutes.  My server was attentive and on-task with water, coffee and bread, all which was delicious. I ordered the steak and eggs. The cut of beef was savory, tender, juicy and perfectly cooked. And the eggs were perfect sunny side up. These were served with a potatoes and onion which was good. Coffee was rich and heavy and quite satisfying. The bread and butter was also super good. Will definitely be back!"}, {"review_id": "rqeVZ8cOv7NE-Icy3AvYWg", "user_id": "kHt7ZWyeNf2iNNT-z3HnJQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/9/2018", "text": "There is a lot of hype around this place and for good reason. Their brunch game is strong - bright and varied dishes.The ambiance is great inside but on a nice day, ask for a seat on their outdoor patio.If you can't get a reservation or don't want to wait check out Ghibellina, the Italian place across the street. Their menu is less classic but more inventive and the decor has of a chill rustic/brunch vibe. Also great cocktails."}, {"review_id": "WjMJruW6qCnmOou7tNDBfw", "user_id": "J2ar5DJnE7TW0BC_fvS78A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "This is a comprehensive review from multiple visits, dining both at the bar and in the dining room. Food: You really cannot go wrong here. The food is always up to bar, and they have a wonderful take on the French classics. I crave escargots, and these are easily the best in town. Other go to's include: Burger Americain, Moules Frites, and the Bouillabaisse. Service: MAKE A RESERVATION. The bar is ALWAYS packed and it is my understanding that they reserve 100% of the dining room. The service has been hit and miss (the reason I am 4 star review, not a 5). When at a table, it has been wonderful. The servers seem to be very knowledgeable about the wine selections, and have always recommended options that fit our preference and paired well with the food. The bar, not so much, as he clearly preferred other customers, and thus gave them obviously better service."}, {"review_id": "49TWVJo79hvEe2YzG5cxUw", "user_id": "PQ5WhLiYU-4xM9hp0szmmQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "A solid brunch spot if you're able to get reservations, that has a markedly Parisian vibe. The food is good, if a bit underwhelming, but the atmosphere and service more than make up for it. The cheese plate has a nice variety with 3, 5, or 7 choices, and it comes with warm bread, honey, almonds, and sliced apples. The burger was good, but a bit overpriced in my opinion. It reminded me of a fancier Big Mac to be honest. It was a tad overcooked, but still tasty. I just think $17 for it was more than it was worth. The french toast had a really great lime cream on top that balanced well with the pineapple."}, {"review_id": "9NTSDVT4V_MjyHqh4te25Q", "user_id": "xxjE4zcuIdKnEc_fja2NWA", "rating": 2.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "The short: average French spot, weird service, but nice outdoor seating & beautiful interior. The longer: I'd heard great things about this spot but was wholly unimpressed. It was beautiful out, and they graciously took us as a walk-in and gave us outdoor seating. We started with the raw seafood- I am always willing to pay for good raw bars, but we ordered shrimp and Alaskan crab legs. The crab was like $24 for one single crab leg. The shrimp were tiny and not totally cleaned. We ordered a steak frites and they split it for us. It came lathered in a big pile of seasoned butter. My boyfriend's was so undercooked it was cold in the middle (our fault- we should've ordered medium rare instead of rare). We had to send it back to be put on the grille. My steak got cold while I was waiting for his to be re-prepared. The fries were good & we enjoyed the Brussels sprouts and bread, but I wouldn't come back here. I don't think the food is worth the money."}, {"review_id": "H1Oqzb6xfO_8bGpGFKjhbw", "user_id": "g5qOua3wgmfLUuK287_M3A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "We are here for my birthday earlier this month. It was PACKED but they were able to seat us promptly. I ordered the steak and frites because that's what everyone on yelp raved about and it did not disappoint. I didn't eat the frites because it was just too much. That's probably KY because we tried the Mac & cheese for the appetizer. To say we love Mac & cheese is a major under statement. We live for Mac & cheese. The reviews were good but we were still skeptical. When I tell you the Mac & cheese was on point though!! We could've)and should've) each got our own instead of sharing! My only gripe is that the pasta is al dente and I don't like my pasta cooked that way but it was so good I couldn't hold that against them. Overall, from the drinks to food to the atmosphere we were very impressed!"}, {"review_id": "_ZoQTF__rAKQZgviWVFJSQ", "user_id": "7vXBSGS6qNQQNUxRFhYQLg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "Despite living on DC for five years, a visit to Le Diplomate escaped me. Luckily, I had a night free on a work trip to make up lost time.Reservations were nil, but I was able to be immediately seated thanks to an open bar policy.  My glass of red wine was alright as was the basket of bread (though the butter was oh so wonderful), but the beef bourguignon warmed my soul.Service left much to be desired. I eventually had to.ask the bartender to be able to place an order over her obnoxiously chewing food in front of my face. The beef bourguignon came out within five minutes of ordering, which is okay I guess but it would have been nice to have had some pretense of preparation and time to enjoy my bread. It took forever and a day to get my check as well from said bartender, after which I horrifyingly overhead her instruct one of the cleaning staff to get \"one or two more pieces of bread\" as if she were intending to reuse the bread in my basket that I had not eaten.Over all I'd give Le Diplomate another shot based on the food alone, just with a different staff member attending to me."}, {"review_id": "0XnWPEhbzvx7UMQPf8tk3Q", "user_id": "L-TMe1ZzxKn92pA2TuvCzw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "I fell in love with this place the moment I walked in. It is so cute and really reminds me of restaurant in Paris. I loved the outside seating. We were indoor but there was a glass ceiling, and it was a BEAUTIFUL day so the windows were open. Came for brunch on a Saturday with one other person. So glad we made reservations since it was very busy. The staff were super friendly and helpful.We had the Assorted Oysters to start. They were so fresh and delicious. Perfect for a warm day. We also had the Steak Tartare Du Parc. OH MAN SO GOOD. Came with bread and a small salad. The quail egg was amazing with the tartare. My friend had Eggs Norwegian, and I had Poached Egg Basquaise. Her poached egg with smoked salmon was delicious. The sides of potatoes were so filling and crispy. My poached eggs were also very good. I was not expecting the prosciutto to be in bits and cooked like bacon but still pretty good. Also did not expect everything to be in this creamy polenta. It was like gritty mashed potatoes but think it's cornmeal. It was interesting, but still very delicious!! I wish I could eat here everyday omg. I WILL BE BACK SOON"}, {"review_id": "YcpYwx3JwXtUTgDzfa6TuQ", "user_id": "kkTfON2Kxb-2WFJP9LpwvA", "rating": 2.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "I've been here only twice - this weekend for a birthday for dinner and a few years ago for a brunch (both on the weekend). It's a popular place so I had to make a reservation a month prior, indicating it was for a special occasion. I wasn't looking for bells and whistles, but I wanted my friends to be taken care of both times (this weekend and a few years ago).To make it semi-short, I'll comment about my most recent visit this Sunday. The food was good, as well as the service. I felt like last time when I've ordered the mushroom tart $15, it was much more flavorful. The crust was much more overpowering and we didn't feel the topping had a good balance. The escargot $12 is always amazing - the melted butter, the heat... but we didn't get mini biscuits on top. So I wondered was it just a brunch thing? Turns out after looking at photos of others, they mentioned getting biscuits on top during dinner too. We feel very cheated. Dinner: My parents got the Coq au Riesling $27, Burger Americian $17, and birthday boy and I were tossing between the lamb short loin $29 and beef bourguignon $31, so we decided to order both and share. The coq au riesling came with two chicken legs on top of plenty of pasta and vegetables, the burger came with an overwhelming amount of pommes frites, and the bourguignon came with half a bowl of mashed potatoes, but the lamb came with 7 thin slices of lamb on top of not much else. The birthday boy was disappointed and we obviously couldn't share the lamb.Our server was good, but felt like she didn't come around as often. We found ourselves either looking and waiting for her to come around or ask someone else. I figured it was our seat location but we were in the middle, crowded with three other tables. But what upset me the most was when we asked for boxes, she said she would do it and followed up with, \"I'll take care of you, girl.\" When I got home, I noticed that not all of the bourguignon dish came back. I distinctly remember leaving most of the mashed potatoes in the bowl to eat with the leftover beef at home. Why didn't someone pack all of the leftovers?!The rest of the service was great. A manager went to several tables to ask how everything was, but he didn't stop by ours. Another lady (another manager?) came around to continuously refill our water and ask for another beer which was nice. Then a nice young man cleared our appetizers, plates, and even brought our meals over.Clearly this wasn't the best experience and know that a majority are repeat visitors. I'm sure I'll come back for another occasion but was really disappointed at this visit when I tried to take a friend out for his birthday to give him a good time. Hopeful that the next occasion will be better.If you read this far, here are the take aways: Check the food pictures (to make sure you're getting what you want like mini biscuits on top of your escargot or 7 slices of lamb) and box your meal yourself or check the boxes before you leave. Not cool to throw half your meal away, right?"}, {"review_id": "ewmRHnFQugLRftBejZLF6w", "user_id": "-ShdX4pDKrldKfic9rHhSQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Lol Lee diplomat... \"Your stake is garnished with a Brandi creme reduction and crushed peppercorn\" umm so peppercorn sauce... No it's a Brandi creme reduction in the pan with the drippings and crushed peppercorn..."}, {"review_id": "9t668ObYmcpO1YdfjOxEiQ", "user_id": "LHOhE7tNL1wV-XxibQC9eg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "5 Stars for a dinner experience that was well worth the wait! As a frequent visitor to DC, Le Diplomate has been on my list for a long time. On my most recent visit, I finally had the opportunity to go and was not disappointed. I was dining solo, so the wait was very short. I was seated on the heated patio and immediately greeted by a friendly server and a basket of bread straight from the oven. It didn't take long to make my selection: steak frites and a glass of wine. The steak was perfectly cooked and the frites were crisp and flavorful. The staff is just attentive enough to make you feel well taken care of but never rushed. (The photo is a bit red due to the heaters and lighting on the patio, doing the meal a great disservice). It may have taken me years to finally get to Le Diplomate, but it won't take me that long to return. Highly recommend!"}, {"review_id": "CCtN9VhK6umuBlaTv1liJQ", "user_id": "NMiG-YB3QcsPAjnt2SI9Kw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/25/2018", "text": "We celebrated my best friends birthday here and it was a hit. It's been bookmarked forever because it's hard to get reservations. We finally took an early dinner option at 5:30pm and it was pretty packed on a Sunday evening. The ambiance does have a a European feel and it's very spacious. The service was great. Daniel was attentive and made great recommendations, especially for my friend who has some diet restrictions. So the best part, the food for Entree we had: Lamb Short Loin - the lamb was topped with a mustard glaze and the sauce on the plate around the veggies was so good. The mean portion is little but hey it's a French restaurant. Trout Amandine - served on a bed on green beans with lemon butter sauce. I liked the nuts on top and fish was cooked perfectly.Sides:Prom Frites - crispy and thin fries. It needed a little more taste for me. Brussels Sprouts Pomegranate - the Pomegranate cut the grease on this dish and it was pleasant surprise.Garlic Spinach - straightforwardly & tasty addition Dessert - this definitely hit the spot! Profiteroles - Praline, banana, vanilla ice cream, bitter sweet chocolate syrup poured over at the table. This definitely hit the spot. I loved the ambiance, service, food and overall experience of this spot."}, {"review_id": "1I2TIeWbmcnjVRDo3U1Sbw", "user_id": "SRJV_DzWUG_KlBoCvVN4NQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/28/2018", "text": "Please don't hate me. I mean dinner was fine here. Just..you know...it was fine. I really needed to be wow'd and it didn't happen. What was missing here? I don't know. Here are some takeaways:*The food was executed great and the frites are scrumptious. But the taste missed the mark for me. Food Network can tell us why maybe. *The farmer's cheese tasted better as left overs. Texture is not for the weak.*Server gave us the impression she was too busy for us.*Everything took too long. *Felt like were having a run-of-the mill experience (see note about busy).*Bread for the table was crazy delicious. We got to take some bread home. And that was the big highlight. But c'mon I need more than that."}, {"review_id": "GN_yjaaa7VvN74a_pYv4uw", "user_id": "sWDGavGeP9kMU5rOaNfeUA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/27/2018", "text": "Out of all the restaurant I got to try in DC, this was the one I loved the most. This place is something I would want to come back again for. I read really great reviews for this place that I try booking this place on open table, however, they don't accept reservations for anything over a month away. I decided to call the place and bam, I got a reservation. Try calling instead of waiting for a time slot to come up on-line. We arrived on Saturday's night, I booked Saturday cause I knew my hubby would love the prime rib. The prime rib is only served on Saturday. This place is super busy, however, we were seated before our reservation time. Bread-super delicious. I really loved the baguette. I can just eat that alone. Steak Frites-this steak and fries was so good. The seasoning on the steak with the melted butter was amazing good. Of course, the pile of delicious fries made the dish even more wonderful. On top of that, the fries came with their house mayo. Their house mayo was so good that it changed my love for best food mayo. Totally, see mayo in a different way.Prime rib-hubby said this dish was good. Its wasn't his favorite prime rib but he did enjoy the season on it. He was so eyeing and eating off my dish,mostly. Ooo...I forgot, the prime rib dish came with this fried mashed potatoes, that was awesome! I just need a bucket of it and I would be forever happy. Overall, a must try! Definitely, one of the best steak frites I had. Love the whole vibe and feel of the place."}, {"review_id": "enDshu8oq_Dz3V7itlRXtA", "user_id": "EfYgiuCB4xmPcm3GKSAHvw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "Yum! Came here for Sunday breakfast. Very French feel. If you don't speak or read French you may want your smart phone handy to look up some of the menu items. Highly suggest getting the pastry basket to share as a breakfast appetizer! It's a good place for brunch because it had a nice mix of sweet, egg, and heartier options. It was packed by the time we left. The night before, there weren't any reservation spots available. But we got there right when they opened in the AM so we didn't have to wait. P.S the bathrooms aren't clearly marked, women's is on the left."}, {"review_id": "IBEo9VIIi1kuAqIFYfdsuQ", "user_id": "DS7y3kLe7mk6Ivfs8VKXJg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/26/2018", "text": "A hallmark sign of a great restaurant is a long wait and a full bar-- you'll find both of these situations at Le Diplomate (LD) throughout the day, whether it's for brunch, happy hour, or dinner. I came here for brunch on a Sunday morning around 11a.m. and was dismayed by the 1hr 15min wait time. I checked in via text and to much delight I was seating within half an hour (always sign up for the waitlist-- you never know). The restaurant is huge and seating is always packed-- the variety of seating options is sublime. Want to sit inside? No problem. Want to sit outside and enjoy the sunshine and breeze? Check. Want to enjoy the sunshine but still be inside? Got it. You're instantly greeted with a basket of fresh breads and baguette; the cranberry bread is simply excellent. The wait staff tries their best to be attentive (and largely succeed)-- the restaurant is just so busy so don't expect undivided or constant attention.The food looks and tastes great. Everything seems freshly prepared and while it is pricey, it's not overtly so. The drinks are well-made, though they took some time to come out due to the insane rush.What I Liked:Gruyère Omelette - It's a standard omelette with gruyère cheese topped with fresh herbs. The omelette manages to be light enough and is not overwhelmed by the cheese. The herbs are a nice touch but not nearly flagrant enough to provide a tangible taste-- a bit disappointing. The omelette is accompanied by pommes frites smothered with herbs and caramelized onions; these are exceptional.Mimosa - You've got your standard mimosas, but the pulpy OJ offers a refreshing drink.Eggs Benedict - The eggs are cooked to perfection and the hollandaise sauce is pretty up-to-par. This dish also comes with the pommes frites.Things I Disliked:Nothing so farOverall, Le Diplomate makes a very solid effort to make you feel as if you're in Paris-- and it largely succeeds. From the stellar ambiance and service to the freshly prepared food, you're in for a treat."}, {"review_id": "yV97MAvFyAGK_T3m8YxpFg", "user_id": "drbh71tPOLj_FJShq0SFbg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "We came here on a Saturday night with a reservation and were seated right away. We started off with the foie gras as the appetizer. I have to say I just don't like foie gras but I'm not giving it 4 stars because I don't like something. I think it would be good if I could get over the acquired taste but I couldn't. I then got the beef bourguignon and it was super flavorful and tender! My fiancé ordered the burger and fries and he said it was ok. We both really liked the French fries and their delicious bread! I don't think we will be back but I loved the atmosphere!"}, {"review_id": "uwDsC7DbEhVLeeovBsQOTw", "user_id": "jiy4izrfI8LSmMr0ipdz8A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "I LOVE IT so YOU MUST COME! Le Diplomate is one of the best French cuisines in the DMV area. Le Diplomate is always packed with people, so a wait is expected. Fortunately, there are many things to explore here on the 14th street while you wait for the awesome French foods. The interior decor is very creative where they recreate a classical French city taste (like you see in movies, maybe?) in the restaurant. Old fashion but classic. The overall restaurant vibe is pleasant and enjoyable where their bakery station/bar is located at the center of the restaurant, and the smell of bread diffuses throughout the place. Also, there is an excellent outdoor dining area when the weather is beautiful. We came for brunch and sat in the outdoor dining area. We ordered the onion soup, eggs vol-au-vent, and steak and eggs. I always order their onion soup whenever I come. The soup is very flavorful, full of onion, and melted cheese on top. The combination of onion and cheese is perfect. The eggs vol-au-vent, another tasty dish that presents you the taste of eggs with sour cream and the bread. The eggs and the sour cream moist the bread, which gives you a mellow and smooth taste of the three at once. Lastly, my lovely steak and eggs, the taste and quality of steak have surprised me. It's very juicy and tasteful where the seasoning has enhanced the flavor of the steak. So no additional sauce is needed.  All in all, I love this restaurant where they give you the best foods and service. Highly recommend to families and friends gathering. Again, there are many other things you can do here in this neighborhood."}, {"review_id": "ROQbLosMoFJp37i0943WDw", "user_id": "5QFL6tm0-r7GnmBeLFH8HA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/18/2018", "text": "I decided to check this place out after reading about the Burger. It was rated  as one of the best burgers in DC. It sure as hell, lived up to its name!Le Americane was amazing! The juiciness of the burger, the sauce, it was so spot on! The frites were good as well but let me tell you! This burger was amazing, I know you're thinking why would I come here for a burger but this French restaurant nailed it!"}, {"review_id": "89kx-2R9fZW0Ao2-KC838w", "user_id": "p7F1GTEDEWPNyaP8J0HGLg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/17/2018", "text": "Since I was having Paris withdrawals and missing French food, I had to make a brunch reservation here. Made an 11 am reservation for 2 on a Saturday - so glad I made a reservation cause it was pretty busy at that time. My friend and I started with an escargot. It came out fresh and piping hot, with the butter still bubbling. The escargot was garlic-y buttery goodness. Glad there was a little mini french bread to dip into the delish sauce.Also ordered the eggs vol-au-vent. It was like a scrambled egg mix with mushroom and onion inside a puff pastry and a salad on the side. The eggs were savory and rich. It paired perfectly with the light salad.I ordered the quiche in the past and I remember it being super delish too!If you are driving here, definitely build in time to find parking. Was lucky enough to find street parking close by, but it took some circling around."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/le-diplomate-washington?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]