[[{"review_id": "eYU0xHgsf8lCWpqU6yOIcA", "user_id": "zpwgfGhiU7TeX-6cLBYJgQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "Old Ebbitt Grill is a favorite of mine. For starters, let's talk about prime real estate - Old Ebbitt is couple of feet from the White House, and beautiful downtown DC. I have the pleasure of eating dinner at this amazing restaurant whenever my Vice President comes to town because it's his favorite restaurant, and had the pleasure of being able to do so again last Wednesday, and had a completely different experience.My company rented out their private dining area so we didn't have the issue of being crammed in with the restaurants other patrons - Old Ebbitt Grill is ALWAYS very busy. We had our own servers, our own open bar, and a delicious prosciutto, cheese, crackers, and fruit display that everyone loved and frequented more than once. I know I did. Then came the meal. The Mixed greens were really good but the Jumbo Lumped Crabcakes entree was the star of the show. The crabcakes are this restaurants specialty, and while I've heard people complain about the size of them, they definitely make up for it with how tasty they are. No filler, all crab meat. The roasted potatoes were a nice touch as well. For dessert I had the bourbon bread pudding which was also delicious. Good service. Good food. Beautiful ambiance. And a consistency of excellence... Old Ebbitt Grill has earned their reputation."}, {"review_id": "8U_fr7qkc_3rK3646z4alA", "user_id": "BFLW6a9xv61bRCQKhpOnEA", "rating": 2.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "First, the reviews really don't matter. This is very likely the third highest grossing restaurant in America, trust me, they're doing something right. The location is unbelievably prime and it's a phenomenal place for business lunches or after work drinks. It's hard to beat their happy hour deal of half off oysters and their broad menu when it comes time to plan an event for a group of possibly picky eaters. So why only 2 stars? My wife and I came to Old Ebbitt for dinner and were just underwhelmed with service. Our waitress was mostly absent, our order of oysters took over 25 minutes to get to the table and was delivered by someone who did not tell us which oyster was which, and when she ordered a nice glass of wine, it was not poured at the table. While this isn't the place for high level or refined service, it isn't unreasonable to expect a moderate level of table side service. Of course we'll be back at some point, but we'll keep this one for lunch."}, {"review_id": "KrtjUutQbWuTsOicQ4f3fQ", "user_id": "Oa8EI-yJgBooWv9UnzMpSA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "So, the thing you should know first about this place is: it's very, very popular! It is packed on a Wednesday night at 5:PM with a 1.5 hour wait for two for dinner! The second thing you need to know is this place is HUGE! It has three full bars. They call it \"four\" but one is just a big, wrap around bar in the main front dining room (the back dining room, not the \"main\" one, is at least FOUR times as big!)Ok, down to the meal. The bar drinks are a little bit watered down if you order a shaken cocktail (bartender Alex shakes for too long IMO). Still, a good cocktail.On to the appetizers. This place is an oyster connoiseur's paradise. The oysters are very very fresh, traceably sourced, and prepared absolutely fresh (\"shucked within 20 minutes of serving\"). We had the Rockefeller and it was very good. The super-fresh, tasty oysters were not overwhelmed by the mild topping flavors, and in this case especially, due to the freshness of the oysters, a very welcome development!My wife had the French Dip; I had the New York strip frites. My steak was quite large, very flavorful, tender, and cooked to medium-rare perfection. The sauce was quite wonderful as well. The French Dip was a little bit dried out on the bread aspect, but aside from that, very flavorful, not too salty, with a nice jus.The prices were what you should expect for 1 block from the White House but definitely not exhorbitant, and the atmosphere was casual and relaxed, if a bit \"active\" and maybe even \"noisy.\" Our waitperson was attentive if not a bit \"aloof\" or perhaps \"I've got a lot to do; thank you, now let me get on with it.\"I can recommend this restaurant. The 1.5 hour wait actually turned out to be more like an hour. When we were done eating at about 7:30PM, the line was out the door. Come early is how I read that!"}, {"review_id": "w4zo9YBw8UnOdzvRFkJFXA", "user_id": "9AE7Cbe8xi4d16g8XJPdQg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "BRUNCH.... CRAB CAKE  SOOOOOO GOOOOD.It's always a good meal when I come here. I have been coming for over 14 years and I have yet to have a bad time. This is a DC staple, a must try! Crab claws good, salads good, drinks good, ambiance good.... just GOOD"}, {"review_id": "rMRq4zIvDE8I0vfaezL6Cw", "user_id": "ACwBMSJzgW6vOvV7vOrk8Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "Needing to eat after walking forever is never a good thing, but it does lead to good things.  Good things like Old Ebbitt Grill.  I'll be honest with you, I had no idea this place existed, but being from out of town you don't know your surroundings.  Thanks to the handy Yelp app for this suggestion.  When I walked in I thought that I should have just turned around and left.  Not because of anything they did, but because I felt like I was under dressed.  Then it dawned on me, I am in a part of DC where loads of business people work.  After going through the revolving door I was greeted quickly by the hostess and was about to be taken to a table, but I insisted that I would rather sit at the bar.  She then said to me, \"Which bar?\"  OK, you are asking an out-of-towner which bar, I was just happy that you had one instead of more than one.  So I was escorted by what I am assuming was one of the managers to the bar behind the main bar.  Conveniently located right next to where the oysters are prepared (if that's your thing).  I actually liked this area because it was kind of secluded.Once seated I was given a menu by an amazing bartender.  I really wish I could remember your name darling because you were a great help with more than just the service.  I have to thank you for your tips you gave me about what to do next in the area because they worked like a charm.  You never missed a beat and you were so easy to talk to, you deserve a raise or something because of how well you handle yourself and treat the customer.After looking of the menu I decided that I would go with a cheeseburger.  I think what convinced me was seeing that the beef is locally sourced.  At 6 3/4 ounces, it's a pretty big patty.  With a cheeseburger you get your choice of cheese, of course I went with old faithful American cheese, because if you're in DC why not get American cheese.  I also liked that you get to choose your side and the selections are pretty amazing.  Hand cut fries, potato salad, Cole slaw, seasonal fruit or a small salad.  Of course I went with the hand cut fries, it's a classic pairing for a burger.  This also comes with a pickle spear kind of making is a classic cheeseburger meal.The taste of this thing was near perfection.  I am not sure how they seasoned it, but the burger itself was mouth watering and it didn't hurt that the cheese melted around the burger patty encasing it and trapping the flavor.  The fries were great as well.  Kind of reminds you of shoestring fries which is amazing for being hand cut.  Nice and crispy and salted just right.  Washing this all down with a nice cold beer would have been a nice way to end the day, however it was only lunch time.  I felt like I needed a nap after this meal."}, {"review_id": "FDYYKFOb19OigONJCJ__Sg", "user_id": "iJQtNnEcrxdpaD132v26nQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/2/2018", "text": "A historic DC culinary staple, Old Ebbitt Grill is a must try restaurant when visiting our nation's capitol. I recommend making reservations if you'd like to sit at a table, or even better, grab a seat at one of their four bars. Hostess, Tiara, was such a refreshingly kind, authentically bubbly delight to encounter and she helped me navigate the large venue like a pro with excellent directions to the various bars and a low traffic restroom. Thank you Tiara, you are a light and perfect personality for first contact with guests!At the bar, Chris, was the man! On our first visit, it was a jammed packed, shoulder to shoulder, standing room only type Saturday afternoon and he held court with professionalism, speed and efficiency like a pro!!! We came back to Old Ebbitt Grill daily and never encountered another bartender delivering the same level of exceptional customer service as Chris. I hope this outlier sees dividends in his tips because he really is unparalleled in my experience of OEG's bar staff. Personally, when it comes to OEG ordering is all about their raw bar offerings! I highly recommend their sweet, hearty fresh clams on the half shell; succulent oysters on the half shell and lobster cocktail. All phenomenal! The Fried Calamari is also delicious! OEG has a stellar Happy Hour daily from 3pm - 6pm and nightly 11pm to 1am (2am Fridays & Saturdays), in which all oysters and clams on the half shell are HALF OFF!!! So sit back, relax and pony up at the bar slurping back fresh, raw shellfish until your heart is content! Kick up the cocktail program and consistency of great customer service across all employees and I'd boost up to 5 stars. For now, OEG earns a respectable 4 stars all around in my book!"}, {"review_id": "4NIAO7uawR7-Bl14SoOBxA", "user_id": "6PxYMcL3ZlHbLy0WQ0nukg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/4/2018", "text": "This place was fantastic!! We came in on Saturday (there were 4 of us) and were not expecting to get a seat right away but we were sat right away. The atmosphere is really nice and has an a cozy and exciting vibe at the same time.Our waiter was fantastic. He was hilarious, attentive, and super personable!I ordered the chicken dish (I can't remember what it is called and couldn't find it online just now to reference it) but it came with a side of butternut squash and kale mix over some sauce and it was delicious! We also ended up ordering a bourbon drink that had pink peppercorn on the sides that was also so good! All of us were very satisfied with the whole experience. I will definitely be back!"}, {"review_id": "TUx3v6KSXxuIMbHjDTxtvQ", "user_id": "C4XO8LHaliK1L5kGAmpHEw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "After a long adventures day in DC this was a perfect place to relax and fill my self up with some seafood. We went on a Saturday and they were having happy from 3-7 pm half off oysters and the giant platter of seafood which had clams, lobster, oysters, shrimp and Snow crab. I might be missing something else but if you're reading this you can probably read the menu too lol. Anyways there service was great, Incase you're interested. Most importantly the food was awesome and seemed fresh. My food partner and crime had a burger, which of course I had to try a bite of ... or two. It was so juicy, unless you're one of those that gets their burgers well done and all dried out then it might not be juicy but it will still taste amazing. The crab dip was soooo freaking good. I think it was a artichoke and crab dip and it came with chips! You can see the picture I also added. Ughhh that combo with the chips and dip was spectacular. Oh if your looking just to pop in a get a drink or two they have a lot of bars, it is a pretty large restaurant. Alright I'm done I really don't know what else to say about this place other then positive things. Till next time! Peace!"}, {"review_id": "AozIFPequJ-7-Vg1vJ0BNQ", "user_id": "_bfAc3JR6d03oVLqiYKtQA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/6/2018", "text": "Breakfast was delicious and on point in one of the classiest places you could possibly have breakfast. I'd recommend the fried oyster benedict. The service was wonderful and we got our coffee very quickly.The restaurant is huge! They have coat hooks available next to the booths. The bathroom is down the stairs in the front waiting area. We made a reservation for an early breakfast but that didn't seem to be necessary since we went early enough; when we were leaving, however, there was a huge crowd waiting to get in."}, {"review_id": "6gjBvLqqazqXf_adcHa93g", "user_id": "SRJV_DzWUG_KlBoCvVN4NQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/17/2018", "text": "We came for brunch. The drinks did not impress. My bees knees needed some major stirring or shaking and a dash of who knows what. I really should have just sent it back. But the coffee was great. The food was really good. The crab cakes were delicious. I love the sweet potato strings which added some crunch. Apart from my drink disaster this place lives up to the iconic reputation. It's a fun spot when you are visiting the nation's capital. The wait was not as bad as we thought. Walking in, be prepared for a wait if you don't have a reservation. But! It's probably just a 5 minute wait until the staff can shuffle together what tables are available. I'm amazed at how quickly they worked to get us a spot at the bar and eventually at a table. Hats off to the people working here."}, {"review_id": "cfOranFHwm0uDPCxhd2sDg", "user_id": "OSEadf0yz3oWqoGLche3DQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/3/2018", "text": "Disappointed food came out super fast but cold... now shame on me for not ordering one of the flagship dishes (crab cakes, steak, clam chowder, short rib rav, meatloaf, etc) and it needs to be taken into consideration that I ordered this at 11PM on a Tuesday night after a grueling all day trek from CA with multiple tarmac delays... :)All that being said, the service was amazingly professional and attentive.  The environment and atmosphere, perfectly classic and the Black and Tan was solid.  I ordered the catfish dish which sounds like it includes Andouille sausage but it turns out has a minced sprinkling of it.  I'm no chef but I'm going to break this one down:  beautifully blackened spiced, broiled and probably brined catfish atop Uncle Ben's quick white rice with an undrained can of Safeway stewed tomatoes that has the spices mixed in.   I hate to get all high and mighty \"foodie\" on such an amazingly historic place but arriving late night and starving I couldn't bring myself to accept it.  Next time..."}, {"review_id": "sQP_0-ReSgBsDerDgCaoDQ", "user_id": "NuS-xgXvI_pvkhdLV93o9Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "Steak tartare (A)Crab Artichoke Dip (A)VO Manhattan (A+)Cheesecake, the smoothest I have ever had...But the up stairs bar ... the Manhattan that guy makes ... holy cow. It was nothing short of 110% (redefined perfect). Order a \"Seagrams VO Manhattan, straight up, no cherry, lemon twist, extra sweet vermouth\" and if you like Manhattans you will **not** be disappointed. Just writing this makes me want to drive in for dinner and \"VO Man\""}, {"review_id": "rUDEyUpEkK73YN5kTs2Hlg", "user_id": "jliYa3eWXOls5KHgEWlE2g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "This place is amazing!  I brought my parents here before seeing a show at the National Theater, and this place was the perfect beginning to a wonderful evening!  All the staff members that I encountered from making a reservation to the end of the evening goodbyes were so nice and friendly despite the CRAZY night at the restaurant!  My parents appreciated the service as well!  The food = AMAZING!  We all got different things (steak, crab cakes, and pork chops) and each dish was delicious and the portions were perfect!  Even the drinks were delicious!  If you want a classy night out, this is probably a great place to share a meal with friends!  Thank you everyone at the restaurant for giving my family a wonderful experience!  See yall again!"}, {"review_id": "D9ylbbQXyYhKQC-hRqXphw", "user_id": "_FOJDdmrO87p3M9PwyOZMA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/30/2018", "text": "This is a well known and popular spot and we didn't have a reservation, so I'm glad we came for lunch as early as 11.30. There was a 30 min wait for a table so we grabbed a spot at one of the three bars. It was relatively comfortable (for a bar) and there were hooks for you belongings (always a big plus for me). As we ate the place really filled up so again, glad we came when we did. The lunch menu had a selection of plates, sandwiches and burgers. Wife had a burger and I had a Cuban sandwich. Both came with fries and the fries were very good. Was in the whole very pleased with my meal - it was simple but well done and the price was reasonable. There was someone else sat at the bar who wasn't pleased with how her burger was cooked and they were very quick to correct it for her. The service was also very attentive - I managed to get two drinks in with lunch...On the whole, would definitely recommend for a nice lunch or something, but it's nothing fancy"}, {"review_id": "GZTfwrpEruTKMpocg3OF-g", "user_id": "9aU4ecNAZxP7g7nMh1-xfg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/29/2018", "text": "Old Ebbitt Grill had excellent food and great service. This place is so packed even during the weekday, but we were quickly seated. There are so many different rooms and every room was filled with people. The ambiance is vintage, Harvard library/dining hall kind of vibes. We got the  Shrimp Linguine and Jumbo Lump Crab Cake.The Shrimp Linguine was excellent - not too creamy or oily.The Jumbo Lump Crab cake was also amazing. The sweet potatoes it came with were just okay, maybe try a different side? BUt We didn't try their famous mussels, but everyone raves about them so will have to try next time."}, {"review_id": "ovAplBXToC4YxnbuLuHo6A", "user_id": "aSYfuNtJ0ofU1L_1k0BR6w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/22/2018", "text": "Stopped in on a Thursday night (part of 1) and nabbed a spot at the bar. Service was fast, efficient, and friendly, and I had the best dining experience a person could ask for without making reservations and with no expectations of how the food will taste.I wanted to try Old Ebbitt Grill because it is one of the most frequently reviewed places in the downtown area. As such, even though I was craving a salad and about to go to my usual place or busboys & poets, I decided to give this place a shot! I'm so glad I did!My single order of crab cake was delicious and I could taste solid clumps of crab in each bite. The sweet potato was cooked perfectly as well, and the coleslaw was still crispy. If I could modify the dish at all, it would be to make the coleslaw less saucy because everything else already had enough flavor. So yummy! Try eating @ the bar! You'll be done eating before everyone else gets to their table!"}, {"review_id": "YNZTCyp9uYd4DKY3BS31Pw", "user_id": "_fqINvA1SYEbqC_RR-egLQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "Old Ebbitt Grill is in my top 10 restaurants in the DC metro area. I have been here on multiple occasions for both lunch and dinner and have always left happy and full!The old world charm feel is evident everywhere - the decor, the bar, and even the booths! Service is top class and the staff is always ready to help.Menu choices are good too and there is always something for everyone.The wine list is quite good with very reasonable markups for a restaurant! Makes buying the bottle that much better :)The do also have a full bar and the bartenders always serve a good cocktail.For lunch, I generally order between Fish & Chips; Reuben; French Dip or one of the BurgersFrom the Dinner menu, I like Fried Calamari (among the best I have had); Wings; Hummus Trio; Pork Chops or the Crab cakes.Their desserts are to die for too! - Hot Fudge Brownie Sundae; Bourbon Raisin Bread Pudding; and Creme Brulee are among our favorites!A must go to spot if you are in the area :)"}, {"review_id": "13Fgwu_KfOSZ2c3NoOnqBA", "user_id": "EV9Gal7EVRUPqwE6RBO67Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "There are a lot of reviews so suffice to say this: I'm glad we went because it's historical, very uniquely decorated, our server was excellent and the food--overall--was quite good. As usual, my frugality screams out \"this is expensive!\" but then again, this is a staple for the rich and powerful and the tourist, so what can you expect? The long waits and the pricey menu keep it at 4/5 for me. If you at so inclined and want to see a very unique restaurant on your stay in D.C., I recommend it."}, {"review_id": "Nghw_jrtBqB8PD8uDUO8AA", "user_id": "u9f_zYxIuQ_K1Jc-UN-QBw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "Love the charm of this place. The service is incredible and the raw bar is out of this world. This is a must do when you're in DC! Sit at the bar, enjoy the happy hour and half off seafood towers. We ordered enough seafood to feed a small army for $70 regular $140. So worth it, we cancelled our dinner reservations to eat here and so glad we did!"}, {"review_id": "aHgB2NlNNUUlPheyz7nf_w", "user_id": "E8LTNteJAPiTrDdWRc4qOA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/3/2018", "text": "Yesterday I came here late night for drinks and food. They serve food until 2am I believe and don't close until 3am! This is close to the monuments so it's perfect to take people who are visiting you and want to see DC. The downside is it's a little pricey. Watch out for their happy hour in the photo attached where ALL seafood is half off! They are known for oysters if that's your thing. We got the poutine where it was my first time having it. It was rich and delicious. It had creamy cheese curds, flavorful gravy and crispy fries. We also got buffalo wings which were nothing special but still good and the cheesy crab dip. The dip was delicious but nothing insane but what made it taste so good was the old bay potato chips served with it. We also got the salad with the butternut squash and beets. It was teaching and fresh! I've also come here for brunch where I had the blood orange drink (which was amazing) and the Crab Cake Benedict which I still dream about. The drinks are expertly crafted as well and will leave you craving more."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/old-ebbitt-grill-washington?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]