[[{"review_id": "yl05MXdpL_u4b3pMk9PnMw", "user_id": "nuK6cUgAQ0QJwbwoTpZndg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Another knockout from Jose Andres. I've come to this restaurant for over fifteen years and am pleased to have rediscovered it after a little hiatus. Beautiful dining room with huge floor to ceiling windows and a nice, cozy outside dining area as well. As someone with celiac disease I have to follow a strict gluten free diet for medical reasons. The hostess and server were accommodating and as with all Jose Andres restaurants, provided a detailed allergen menu indicating options. The server, Rachel, was incredibly knowledgeable and helpful with my situation. She took the initiative to go through every item on the menu with me, including the items not explicitly gluten free, explaining how they could be modified. She took great attention to making sure there was no cross contamination and that I felt comfortable. She took an initiative to bring me some sliced vegetables for free since I was unable to eat the pita bread. From start to finish an incredible experience - I have never seen a server and a restaurant take their job so seriously, and it made a huge difference. The food, as usual, was delicious. I recommend the baba ganoush and the salmon, in particular."}, {"review_id": "sE0v14OErCdjIPG7P0GRqA", "user_id": "CMLmCbR6VkdOUgy0VJMhgA", "rating": 1.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "Visited the restaurant on May 1 with my girlfriend and some of her family. We're all Turkish-American (and other Mediterranean) so we know what to expect in terms of Zaytinya's offered cuisine. We were seated promptly and the host staff was great. Our server was initially attentive, but this would eventually change. We ordered approx. 7 items (hummus, Ottoman rice, imam bayaldi, Greek fries, 2 pides, and kibbeh) between the three of us. The portion sizes weren't the best for a tapas style restaurant, the imam bayaldi wasn't anything special, the hummus tasted like Tribe-brand hummus dressed up with peas and oil, and the soujouk pide barely had any soujouk in it.  Everything came out at different times, which was somewhat expected, but the Greek fries and rice came out well over an hour after we ordered. By the time the rice and fries came, we were already full on everything else we had ordered, not to mention the baskets of pita they constantly kept restocking the table with. Adding insult to injury, the late Greek fries were soggy. For a place that prides itself (and sets menu prices based) on quality, they need to learn how to adjust their frying temps... it's really not that difficult of a task. I'd be embarrassed if I turned something like that out. Beyond that, our server was progressively inattentive through the evening. It felt like they were trying to get us to order, eat, and leave to make more space for other patrons waiting for a table. This is NOT Mediterranean hospitality. If you enjoy high menu prices, noisy venues, decent (at best) food, crummy service, and feeling unwelcome, please visit Zaytinya. If you have an expectation of something better, go elsewhere in DC. I've visited this restaurant over the years and what, back in 2008, seemed like a cool, trendy place has aged into a decrepit, unrecognizable creature. Last night was the last time I'll be dining there. Good luck Zaytinya, you'll need it."}, {"review_id": "xi44nxswVzepGOar-gTNeQ", "user_id": "Sc4lYNcqsrHu9jS_D58TLw", "rating": 2.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "It's fine. Just fine. Somethings are great, namely the bread, the hummus. Somethings are bad: Sirloin. Most things are OK: shrimp, octopus.Overall, there is much better food so this is not worth a visit."}, {"review_id": "YnGs0LPhTzKLPfbxfYY8NQ", "user_id": "OCDmQNP5BA4KEMPp0lvgWA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "Brought my parents here for a lunch on a Saturday (very busy, reservation is recommended). While the staff was attentive and efficient in seating us, I felt that the customer service lagged afterwards since it took 10-15 min to get someone to our table. We started with the Kolokitokeftedes (zucchini and kefalograviera cheese patties) and Mercimek Köftesi (red lentil patties) while waiting for the Lamb Shoulder (about 1 hour wait) which is amazing. I would recommend all of these dishes."}, {"review_id": "Bx-NOKPtcmQc-PI60XzxFA", "user_id": "2RaUfJhn1KJhiQ0D1HRx4A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "DELICIOUS TAPAS, EXCELLENT SERVICE AND CREATIVE MENU!!!AMBIANCE & SERVICE: We were in the area for cherry blossom fest and decided to visit Zaytinya. They were but the server said we can take a seat at the bar. Luckily the bar also has tables and we got one as soon as we walked, so it worked out perfectly. The decorations and upscale and soothing. As soon as we sat down, we were served hot bread with pomegranate vinegar in EVOO. The servers are really nice and they keep refilling the bread container as many times as you want and removing the empty dishes out of the way!FOOD & DRINKS: Their cocktail menu is very unique and most of the drink we tried were delicious. One of the thing that surprised me was they have huge selection of vegetarian dishes, which is uncommon for a Mediterranean restaurant. Here's what we ate: 1) Pom Fili - Teh cocktail was delicious and if you like tangy red wine sangria, you will love this one!  2) Orchard- This is one of the BEST cocktail I have ever had. The spice gave it little bit of kick while apricot balanced it with sweetness. 3) Maia & Minthe: this was the only one that we ordered and weren't a big fan of! It tasted like cucumber water but bitter4)Lamb hummus - Meat in hummus was little untraditional but it was delicious nevertheless5) Mushroom Couscous: This was by far the tastiest couscous I have ever had. the wild mushrooms were giving the distinct flavor to creamy couscous and peas and thyme were adding the dramatic aroma nd sweetness. 5) Zucchini cheese fritters: The fritters were tender and moist and full of flavors and yogurt sauce was adding to the creaminess.6) Chicken Souvlaki: The kebabs were little dry but the flavors were spot on!Overall, this place is  a must try!"}, {"review_id": "OWEwYvPr56_BOT_uv8M3qg", "user_id": "kf6SJ0ZqRsdjfN-ergbyrg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/19/2018", "text": "Zaytinya is a long-time DC staple and should be high on your list of places to eat for lunch or dinner when you're in the city. I've been here many times over the years and always come away impressed.The restaurant is easy to spot, prominent on the corner of 9th and G Streets NW. Street parking is based mostly on luck, but taking a cab, subway (Gallery Place), or walking are a piece of cake. Wait times can get long (an hour or more) at traditional meal times, but if you pop in earlier or later you can usually get a table right away. Service is usually good, not great, and prices are high but not outrageous.This restaurant is good for lunch or dinner because of the small-plates style of its menu. Order as much or as little as you like, from a huge variety of Mediterranean dishes. A single person might eat the equivalent of 2-4 menu items, depending on what they order and how hungry they are. If this is your first visit, start with 2 per person and just order more if needed. Food comes out quite fast and it's always well-prepared.Personal favorite menu items of mine include the hummus (some of the best around), adana kebab, Ottoman rice pilaf, and shish taouk. But try as much as you can! Zaytinya's style lets you be a little experimental without needing to fully commit to one dish. Look forward to returning here for years to come."}, {"review_id": "Xq9iiOMAxp_rMuEw98gKew", "user_id": "8J3qxFKlcB6_OryZI90sNg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/19/2018", "text": "This is my first time trying Mediterranean food. I had such a good first experience here. This restaurant is beautiful on the inside and outside. I came here with a coworker and we decided to the four course lunch. The server was very polite and was very on top of things. They bring you water right away and pita bread with some fancy oil. In the oil they make a Z and its look so nice. The pita bread was really good and the oil had really good flavor. For our entrees, we did the four course meal. I have to say the Fattoush was probably my favorite thing I got. It was pretty much some vegetables and pita chips in this dressing and it was so good. I want the recipe, so I can make it myself :) For my 2 and 3 portion of the mezze lunch I had the kotopoulo youvetzi and the shish taouk. I wasn't too crazy about the flavors with these, but I think it may be because I am just not used to this flavor of food yet, so I am sure other people will love these food items. Lastly, I had the Turkish delight and it was amazing. The icecream was really good and had amazing flavor.Overall, my friend and I had a good experience and I will definitely be back and ready to try some other things :)"}, {"review_id": "XIzjZwRKSIeEjMIzkxqxtA", "user_id": "P_9C9d2P4XsTdgRFAeGU_w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/5/2018", "text": "I've been here twice, and I do love this place for its outstanding service, flavorful food, and GREAT bread. Seriously, they look like tiny pillows that a very small head can probably sleep on! All kidding aside, this is an excellent place to take your parents to blow them away, or for a sort of upscale date. The restaurant is filled with government types, tourists, and other people about town, old and young. It's a lovely place to go to. One thing I would say is definitely make a reservation! and some tables are better than others, if you're picky with that kind of thing. But food! My friend and I started off with the baba ganoush, which was garlicky, had a \"fluffy\" texture, and acidic, with pomegranate seeds on top. It was really delicious paired with the pita bread, a great appetizer. I am also personally a fan of dolmades (rice wrapped in grape leaves) and it was served with a good yogurt sauce; it was ok, but I've had better ones for cheaper. And to echo what others have said, WOW THE BRUSSEL SPROUTS. carmelized, roasted to perfection, paired with the creaminess and acidity of yogurt sauce, and the sweetness of cranberries. Is this what Michelle Obama meant by eating your vegetables? If I had an endless amount of these I totally would. Ok, I'll stop waxing poetic on the brussel sprouts. THE LAMB SHANK WAS ALSO INCREDIBLE. This would be a good option for those who are meat and potatoes people. The lamb was incredibly tender and paired well with the sauce and eggplant puree. I also loved the adana kebab because I'm a sucker for harissa. We also ordered the octopus; the seafood quality was excellent, but I was not a huge fan of the split pea puree. Last but not least, we had the fried eggplant, which was ok, but nothing too special. Be forewarned, this is a small plates place that warrants sharing. I would say around 3-5 plates per person is enough, with 5 plates being pretty generous towards food :) Other suggestions I have from restaurant week: their labneh is great, salmon as well, and I loved their little shotglass of apricot yogurt dessert at the end. Definitely come here if you want a top notch experience; I knocked off a star though because typically it would be too expensive for me to come here, but my friend definitely wanted something upscale. Do so for a treat every once in a while :)"}, {"review_id": "SDGBY8mtNMDgUVbmVpcsXQ", "user_id": "UvOcfMJOlwu-nE6IEspA-Q", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/31/2018", "text": "Located just south of Capitol One Arena is Zatinya.  This is the fourth restaurant I've been to by Chef Jose Andreas.  Zatinya focuses on mezze dishes. Unfortunately for me and my wife this place did not live up to the all the hype.  Reservation For starters we had a 1 pm reservation, but didn't get seated at our table until 1:30 pm. It seemed as if people that had no reservation were getting seated before us.  ServiceOur waiter was average.  He wasn't very personable, but he got the job done.  However, he got all of our orders correct the first time.FoodSince my wife and I have been to Europe several times the food just didn't live up to our expectations .  I know Chef Jose Andreas is all about creating experiences, but unfortunately this time the food did not take us back to Europe where we experienced the best mezze food.  Here is why:Turkish coffee: Bitter tasting.  We have had better in this area.-Baba Ghannouge: Decent, but not blown away-Tzatziki: The best thing we ordered -Greek Fries: overcooked and very little flavor-Pastirma Meneman: The eggs were good-Chermoula Salmon: Decent little bite-The bread was excellent and they did a good job of making sure we never ran out at our table.Before tip our bill came to $59 and change. Since parking can be such a pain this place offers valet parking, but if you prefer not to use this option there are several parking garages near by as well as some street parking.  The restaurant itself was clean and well taken care of.  As much as we wanted to like this place we were not impressed.  Once was enough. We will not be returning, but glad we gave this place a chance."}, {"review_id": "wilLbDJYDnA4_jTSYLjXtw", "user_id": "b8ZE6EAvfpaBVuuUkZGmvQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/19/2018", "text": "Wow! I've passed this restaurant many times when coming to DC for a concert because it's relatively close to the venue and my hotel. It always looked a bit swanky to me but having been in there now, I was right. I think in the daytime for brunch or lunch one can come and dine here in casual clothes. After that, you had better put on that nice shirt and fancy pair of shoes. The place is open but the tables are kind of close together but it works. You can see the kitchen and the roasting chicken (?) on the rotisserie. When walking in, a blast of heat blew in our faces so I asked the hostess if it's typically hot and warm inside and she just gave me this look like \"what are you talking about lady? What do you mean it's warm in here?\" It was hot inside and she was in denial.... anyway...The food was delicious. We just missed brunch by 5 mins but my best friend and I ordered off the Mezze Lunch menu where for $25 you get a 4-course meal. Hello! Whatever you order, get the Turkish Delight for dessert. Amazing ice cream with little gelatin thingies. I recommend this restaurant for date night, girls night, family dinner, or whatever. It's nice and causal enough but gives you enough of a sexy, swanky edge."}, {"review_id": "1ik7DdLPIDmpnDKawUHfhA", "user_id": "aSYfuNtJ0ofU1L_1k0BR6w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/1/2018", "text": "This is probably my favorite place in DC! I've been here a couple of times and have had the chef's recommendations and then most recently, their $25 lunch deal! We went as a party of 2 and both ordered their lunch special, so we ended up with an array of options. The bread, as usual, was delicious,and it was hot and tender on the inside, crispy on the outside. The hummus and Baba Ghannouge were both deliciously creamy and thick and well-seasoned. In general, Zaytinya does their seasoning really well and they make the simple dishes taste out-of-this-world.  My order of the salmon was quite amazing (I was impressed by the presentation, flavors, and portion size too) and the falafels were so unique because of their color (vibrant green on the inside) and texture: crispy on the outside, densely packed on the inside. My all-time favorite would have to be the protein dishes, though. The kebabs: lamb and chicken were perfection. Both had the char flavor and the perfect amount of seasoning and veggies paired with the meats.As for dessert, we had the Turkish delight (2 orders, actually), which is quite a heavier dish than you would have expected. We could have easily shared an order between the 2 of us-- but the other option on the menu (there are only 2 dessert options) just didn't seem appealing. Maybe Zaytinya might want to expand their dessert section to include some kind of sorbet in the future?All in all, we had a fabulous experience!"}, {"review_id": "mM5_c-BjwqwknlbwJUGVPA", "user_id": "zPNGLvj4kW40pdFRFRXebQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/15/2018", "text": "I tried Zaytinya one time last year for a work event and remembered being bombarded by an endless amount of tapas and drinks, so much that I could not recollect which dishes I really enjoyed and which I was too full to eat. I decided to try it again for dinner this year and ended up coming on a date with my girlfriend. Looking at the menu, I recognized a few of the dishes that I may have tried, but it is a very extensive menu so there were lots of options that looked delicious. We ended up choosing almost 1 dish from each of the sections on the menu (spreads, flat bread, veggies, seafood and meat/poultry) to share. It ended up being the perfect amount of food for two. I think they recommend like 3+ dishes per person to share tapas style.They give you some fresh flat pita bread to start with oil for dipping and they constantly come out with fresh bread if you run out which is really nice. Dishes come out pretty much as they are made, so no real defined order. Food: - Baba Ghannouge: Some pretty delicious baba ghannouge, very strong flavor of roasted eggplant and good texture/consistency. A good starter with the flat pita bread that they give you.- Soujouk Pide: This was definitely my favorite dish and our waiter said it was a favorite among the staff. It was a nice flatbread with cheese, spicy sausage and a sunny side up egg on top. Definitely recommend. - Crispy Brussels Afelia: Crispy brussel sprouts were a delicious dish and one of my favorite here. Brussel sprouts done right are so on point. - Octopus Santorini: Interesting sauce and octopus was pretty chewy. Definitely a different dish than I would normally get especially with the yellow split pea puree.- Lamb Bahar: Pretty solid lamb, not too gamey not too tender. Kept it interesting with the tabouleh and tahini sauce. Could take it or leave it.Dessert: - Turkish Delight: Walnut ice cream, yogurt mousse, honey gelee, orange-caramel sauce, caramelized pine nuts. I like this dish because it wasn't too sweet and the walnut ice cream was quite good with the combo of the sweet caramel sauce, honey gelee and yogurt mousse. Real good flavor combinations. Service was great at Zaytinya and reservations went very smoothly. Ambiance is very nice and the restaurant seems to be always crowded as I have seen it. Great place for a date or a special occasion to get some delicious Greek/Lebanese food."}, {"review_id": "JVBqWFqJJERPG0iP1pZA8A", "user_id": "p6RurvWCPEqR8PP4siwiVA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/5/2018", "text": "This review is all about the restaurant week tapas experience. It was quite busy when we walked in, so we were glad to have a reservation!I was a fan of the beet salad, the meatballs/keftedes kapamas, adana kebab, and shrimp (garides mi antho). Also, the Turkish delight was hands down the best dessert. The hummus, brussel sprouts, ottoman pilaf, seared skuna bay salmon, seared halloumi cheese and greek yogurt and apricots were decent, but not amazing. Finally, the complementary bread was tasteless and chalky; not appetizing.Our servers were fantastic, and the interior of the restaurant was spacious and beautiful. Definitely worth dressing up for dinner here. While Agora is still my top Mediterranean tapas place in DC, Zaytinya delivers quite a number of tasty bites."}, {"review_id": "N5IGAEPsGpmztknts5HbbA", "user_id": "PEsQmogo5ntZhXl45dYAWQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/20/2018", "text": "One of the best restaurants of Jose Andres. The chef knows how to hit the spot. Went there for a birthday dinner. Our table was reserved & we were seated as soon as we got there. The lady on the front was very kind & also wished \"happy birthday\". Right after we sat down, our server came up with a delicious olive oil dipping along with the fresh & warm pita bread that they refilled couple of times. This was complimentary! We ordered Kebab Sample Platter that had Kefta, Lamb, Chicken, Adana & Beef. It was very flavorful but I would say even the family platter size was not big enough for two (if you are very hungry). Please keep in mind the portions are on a smaller side. That's the only reason I'm giving 4 stars!The dessert we ordered was Turkish Delight & Turkish Chocolate Coffee Cake. Both desserts were very unique & heavenly delicious. We have never had something like that before not even in Turkey (country). So, it's a MUST try! We are definitely looking forward to returning & exploring more options. The location is amazing & the ambiance & the service is just as great."}, {"review_id": "u2ZsVDQmBzI7KDVpokwsjw", "user_id": "N5YhEwTGdLnAE1RqK7BnFA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "It's the first time that I tried the Mediterranean & Greek style flavor restaurant after the high reviews of yelp. After had lunch here I thought the service was fine and decor is modern but not some romantic style as I thought about Greek but I like it. I give three stars because lots of the food of this lunch we tried is not satisfied for us maybe we are Chinese and had different appetite in food. For the food, we tried lots of food as picture showed. We like the lamb kleftico, octopus and dessert. Salmon is just soso. For The skewers of lamb, I think there are too much black pepper for me to hold... And truly, we don't like the hummus and roasted eggplant - too sour for us. But we may come back to try the lamb chops in the future because the roasted meat display is appealed to us to some extent."}, {"review_id": "sv2QzfxLLDOY8-AjWe5Zyg", "user_id": "8GER1wb5VKqNrAiKqoHeIg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "Delicious, albeit pricey tapas style dining. Everything was tasty, but I personally found the stuffed grape leaves a bit bland, hence disappointing. On pointe waiter, beautiful ambiance. Reservations strongly suggested."}, {"review_id": "P_KsrgYUnDsVTO4MnRxSMA", "user_id": "kubJ9q0g1L4IqjVCqyTtFw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/6/2018", "text": "I am inclined to rate this place 4 stars because I think the food is in the above average but not great territory but tipped it up because my wife loves it and we keep coming back here.I strongly recommend this place for lunch.  The restaurant has a ton of natural light and cheery decor. Although food isn't exceptional, the entire experience has never failed to put my wife and me in a good mood for rest of the day."}, {"review_id": "d0xcW3D2ghccRdFSxs8XRQ", "user_id": "U0s5vk_Lj-I33DwaTuex4Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/9/2018", "text": "We started with baba ghannouge.  The eggplant was creamy, smoky, with lemon and garlic notes.  Then we had the fattoush salad.  The vinaigrette tends to lean on the vinegar side, but that isn't a bad thing.  Pita chips added crunch to this  healthy salad.  We moved on to the crispy brussel sprouts in a garlic yogurt sauce.  Coriander and barberries added depth to the dish.  I greatly enjoyed the combination, but I would take \"crispy\" out of the description since the moist sauce negates most of the  crispness.  We moved on to the mushroom couscous.  The dish also had peas, with a creamy garlic sauce predominating.  We also tried the seasonal mushrooms that were sautéed with dates, toasted almonds, and cumin.  This too was quite good.  We finished with the octopus santorini.  They came with marinated onions, capers, and were over a yellow split pea puree.  Another winner.We had good service.   This should be one of the first places to consider when you are in the mood for tapas."}, {"review_id": "xEj43859Cg4gyVal398IPg", "user_id": "Rp3vNbyMorq48ICeOJxx2g", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/31/2018", "text": "This place has a nice vibe. Overall, the food we had was good except one dish, the lamb gyro, which was over cooked (dry and tough). The other dishes were very tasty. A bit on the high side for the quantity. But it wasn't too expensive. The service both times were good.  The lunch special ($25) during the week for a 4 course meal is a good deal."}, {"review_id": "aWM1-KNcsZaRJkVh3oQC1w", "user_id": "-V-X0wFjgnn8HhCA2Pgvfw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/28/2018", "text": "Great place right downtown and close to everything. If you're visiting DC for a weekend on vacation I would suggest this place. It's pretty good Greek inspired food and the pita is excellent. The food wasn't the MOST amazing Greek food I've ever had, but it's definitely high quality and a great place for a casual yet dressy occasion. Me and my girlfriend went here for drinks on a Sunday afternoon and it was packed. The bar tender made this drink super fast. It had a complex and fun flavor, lots of butters and spices used including cardamom! Their drinks are really the destination. Most Jose Andres restaurants have spectacular drink menus."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/zaytinya-washington?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]