[[{"review_id": "T1tIKxL4Tq9PS01ntFZOfQ", "user_id": "ekXSkqGfgCL6GXQd8y9UJQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/21/2018", "text": "Me and my husband had this place for linner on Monday and it was delicious!! The workers there are really nice and friendly!I had the leg quarter with rice with a soda (rice was a bit cold but good on flavor) and my husband had a platter which was $20 and it comes with brisket, ribs and your choice of side and soda! The meats were really good, all fell off the bone!!! Great flavor!! The lumpias were also delicious!! I just wanted to eat a basket of them lol. And the pinoy mac was also very good! It's a Philippine twist to macaroni salad, but this one has raisins, pineapple, and chicken!! I recommend. Everything there was great, especially the bbq sauces  Can't wait to go back!"}, {"review_id": "GWxHqEZ4nfghYPiVjqNrbg", "user_id": "R16NjEJT_9zdr7-h8_zY6w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/30/2017", "text": "My man's brisket is all the way legit. I don't eat pork but I love BBQ. Therefore, I have become a bit of a beef BBQ expert, I have literally tried brisket (and the rarer beef ribs) all over the country. The brisket at Philippine Smoked is top notch. Is it the best I've ever had? No. But, it is pretty darn close! For a random little shop outside of Wilmington, DE that makes it legit. Extra shout out for the ribs. My wife (who does eat pork)  says they're also legit. Solid little Delaware gem."}, {"review_id": "EDd3i3-6TB5ewH-YTh6jTA", "user_id": "nxNO7_6U2Nu90v0IdnEhIg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/26/2017", "text": "Philippine was named on a \"Top 50 BBQ Joints by State\" clickbait article that my email server flashed me one day this summer. I was intrigued, saw great Yelp reviews, and had them on my list for a while until we finally got to try them last week.FOOD:Their menu has some really unique and interesting dishes, and while a lot of their BBQ seemed very American and traditional to me (ribs, chicken, brisket, all done the way I've always known), they also have some Asian twists, like the kebobs with noodles, siopaos, omy fingers, and pinoy mac-n-cheese.This time we got a pound of brisket, which was up there with some of the best I've had. Very tender, full of flavor, falling apart. YUM! I had come to lower my expectations for brisket after the past several BBQ places we've tried, but I have to say Philippine knocks it out of the park.Also got a whole chicken, which was good, but a little dry to me. The meat was good quality, just wish it had the juiciness I love from rotisserie meats. Then also got a rack of ribs. Very good flavor, tender, but not quite falling off the bone. Still very good.(I'll add that my husband had no issue with the chicken or ribs, so maybe I am just picky. He also tasted a smokiness in the sauce, which he thought was amazing, but I did't taste it at all.)All in all the food was very good. BBQ sauce they provided was decent. They don't give you any cornbread or anything with the meat, but their prices are amazingly low compared to what we pay near us (PA Main Line area). For what we paid, it was a terrific deal, especially at this level of quality.DESSERTS:Their menu offers traditional American desserts, as well as Filipino options, like maja blanca, berns kutchinta, and halaya, all of which I had to Google. We wanted to try them all, but they were out. They were also out of my next choice, Oreo mousse, so we settled on Key Lime Pie and chocolate cake. Unfortunately, these options were way sugary to me. The pie had a sandy texture, almost like you were munching on actual grains of sugar, and the cake had a terrible saccharine-y aftertaste, akin to Tasty Kakes or other processed snack foods. I couldn't eat either one. Hopefully they'll have my top choices next time, for better results!Can't wait to go back and try more of the Filipino dishes, and more of that brisket!"}, {"review_id": "-XkguAM7Fsq16M20T26oLg", "user_id": "IyRoKST9F3N850XPGmUP4g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "Awesome BBQ!  Had the beef brisket sandwich and pulled pork fries.  Brisket was juicy and very tender.  Pulled pork was spot on.  Had to roll me out of there.  Great family friendly atmosphere."}, {"review_id": "-SkaTrRLoTCEgizOB0x2PA", "user_id": "spgWhbGLq8le4-eatY5EQQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/22/2017", "text": "Was so excited to try them!  I love BBQ, love Filipino food (hard to find).  Location was easy to find them, there is street parking.  They have counter service but several tables to sit down and stay or use carryout.   They have printed menus to take home, a board that is a little confusing, someone at the counter ready for your order.   I found them on Facebook, and Yelp so I had already decided to try 1/2 lb. beef brisket, garlic rice, and OMY Fingers.   I was offered a platter, and I asked if that is priced better, I had to ask a few times for the price, which was 12 something dollars.  The items I ordered would be 10.50, but the platter comes with soda or water (which I did not order or want).  I don't see how adding a soda for additional 1.50 is a savings?The beef brisket tasted like well done stew meat.   :( I am really disappointed in the brisket, but I heard from the owner who explained there is a lean side and fatty side to brisket.  Now I know for next time to request the fatty side.  I saw pictures here on Yelp to see slightly fatty/slightly pink/smoked/juicy brisket that I have had at other places.   This is what I thought I ordered... But as you can see in the picture of what I received, it kind of just looks like well done flavorless pot roast.   Apparently I ordered wrong.   I enjoyed the BBQ sauce on the table.  The garlic rice was very good and so were the OMY Fingers.  I will be back, will ask for the fatty side of brisket, but I would like to try their pulled chicken and their mac and cheese which has pineapple in it."}, {"review_id": "A1eR9p0YS3g3sgv-rJjBvQ", "user_id": "5uWz5_PITe7Kjfeoo5z77A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/18/2017", "text": "Wow, what a place! I recently reviewed Racks smoke BBQ, which is also owned by a Filipino family. I honestly hit the jackpot, finding two very delicious BBQ joints in a row.The restaurant is pretty much set up like a take out spot. Unlike Racks smoke BBQ however, they have actual seats to dine in. The menu is quite diverse. You can get anything from all American ribs, beef briskets to sweet Filipino sausage with garlic rice and Halo halo dessert. For my first time here I opted with ribs and briskets with coleslaw and pinoy mac. I also got a side of 3 longsilog (Filipino) sausage. The ribs were fall off the bone tender and the briskets had layers of fat that flavored the meat throughout. The coleslaw was definitely more Asian in flavor than American, resembling pickled veggies you get with Cambodian grilled meat than the slaw you get at a regular BBQ joints. The pinoy mac was very good, having a sweet note with some fruits in the mix. It was a great contrast to the spicy homemade BBQ sauce that I dabbed on the meat.The sweet sausage was the highlight of the meal, amazing! It was sweet and savory and had a solid snap. Half way through my meal chef Romeo came out to check on me. He saw that I was sweating from the heat and offered me a bottle of water, he also gave me some garlic rice to try with my meal. The garlic rice was a great addition to the meat, it was the perfect pairing with the sausage.The service here was also the reason why I will come back again. My host, Josh, was friendly and very enthusiastic about me trying the food here. Romeo was very helpful in explaining and recommending new food for me to try, which I will very soon. I had ribs, briskets, sausage, coleslaw, pinoy mac, a drink and garlic rice for $19! This is a must try if you are a lover of BBQ or just food in general! I highly recommend it!!"}, {"review_id": "G5SPhnAFwm6ROVVBuh9E-w", "user_id": "54OzgLaUiDjGa695caPLpg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/17/2017", "text": "Doesn't look like much from the outside but damn swept the floor with my taste buds. Fuego.Legit like a bodega for this food. Orders are flying out of here. I was super impressed. I walked in super indecisive because I neededddd to have one of everything. So as I decided other people placed their lunch orders and they were like 5 min tops. I settled on the WahWah Sandwich without the coleslaw. All I could imagine was that elder lady from Billy Madison coming down to my table saying, \"I know you kids like them sloppy!\" Got it in what felt like 6 seconds. I almost felt guilty for taking so long deciding. Sanwishhh was super beautiful and not sloppy at all but when you see it;you'll hear it too. Check the pics. Drooling.My bf had the smoked beef brisket and wooooow also incredible flavor. Pulled apart perfectly and melted beautifully. You could engulf that thing hole only the bread could hold you back. Cant wait to swing back around. Totally in love with all the awards along the wall. The Zagat ratings, Newspaper article reviews/praises. This place deserves its recognition."}, {"review_id": "8A1BgEXT6yoD84KdEe6Rhg", "user_id": "pBPc0ingZ7ryynu5Y7ON-w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "Don't be fooled by the exterior or location, this place is amazing. Fast service, we ate in, and were in and out in 30 minutes on a Saturday night. For $16 two people ate well. We spilt the pick three meats: ribs, pulled pork, quarter chicken and garlic rice. Not only was it good Philippine food, it was some of the best bbq I've had in the area. So good, we forgot to take pictures"}, {"review_id": "tV2OQ4qfN_TqvUb-8b0pjQ", "user_id": "3Av38uh8aHDvZMV_1eojQA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "10/26/2017", "text": "So continuing my Delaware adventures I did a quick search and randomly found that a joint had made it to the travel channel for their barbeque. This joint has parking around the establishment on the street and the restaurant itself is on the smaller side with enough seats for probably 20- 25ish people. I had gotten here early for lunch so there was no one in the spot and the lady who greeted me at the counter was super nice. She was extremely friendly and willing to help me make my decision. They had lunch specials but I figured that since I would not have an opportunity to come back, that I would go straight for the star of the show and focus on the bbq items from the smoker. After looking at the menu, I decided to go with the Half Rack of ribs, a side of the pinoy mac and cheese, and beef brisket. The woman at the counter was happy to package all of it up for my \"to go\" order When I finally got back to open up and start eating, I dug right into the brisket first. It was very tender and sliced pretty well. The balance of fat ratio was solid also with just the right amount mixed with good flavor. The ribs were fall off the bone tasty and I liked the spicy sauce they gave to accompany it. The ribs were seasoned well as well making it delish. The pinoy mac and cheese was good although I didn't waste much calories on finishing this as it wasn't overly unique. All in all, this was a good place to stop by for barbeque and would definitely recommend to others!"}, {"review_id": "-Cc4NpEdtBpdgDRjSZ2aCw", "user_id": "aJLnAnDqz3rneDq87i2CBA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "It's a little hole in the wall with some of the most amazing, fall off the bone smoked ribs.  I got a combo special so I could try as much as I could and barely walked out cuz I was stuffed. The pork ribs were freaking amazing, the pulled pork was also delicious, although I'm still undecided on their bbq sauce, and I got the omy egg rolls because they were recommended by the lady behind the counter. Nothing disappointed and I thought it was well worth the $15 for the combo. As a side I got the garlic rice and thought it was really good too. I poured the last of the sweet chili dipping sauce for the egg rolls on it and dominated the plate. Great spot, very nice people, well worth checking out."}, {"review_id": "wn9IYVPJSO042oS_eJu4rw", "user_id": "gYZhI9jSzc3jSF7mVFTOOQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/7/2017", "text": "My boyfriend and I randomly stopped in Wilmington on our drive from Jersey to Maryland, and we were super hungry. He luckily found this Filipino place on Yelp, and we knew we had to try it out! This little restaurant seemed to be in a random location, but it was cozy inside - definitely has a similar ambiance to other Filipino establishments I've been to. They surprisingly had a pretty diverse menu that consisted of both Filipino and American items, but it was evident that BBQ was the star of the show. I ordered the half rack of ribs with the Pinoy Mac-C (macaroni salad), while my boyfriend got the pulled pork sandwich with fries. Unfortunately they were out of rice by the time we got there (about an hour before closing), but their garlic rice sounded really good. They have a huge variety of American sides to choose from too, as well as popular Filipino desserts (turon, cassava, puto, & more!).  When we got our orders, I was surprised by the size of the servings; I feel like they gave me a full rack of ribs (no complaints here!). The ribs were sooo good, the meat was so tender and literally fell off the bone. I also really liked the mac-c, which reminded me of the macaroni salad my mom makes - I'm not a huge raisin person though, so I picked those out. My boyfriend liked his sandwich too. I don't think you can really go wrong with anything on the menu, tbh. It's a small place, but definitely worth a visit if you happen to be in the area. The workers were so friendly, and being Filipino, the food was reminiscent of a home cooked meal. Loved it!"}, {"review_id": "sVPP9wPOfzDOn3UzHmndNg", "user_id": "f3ZBI7v6aLOCecagnx3uMQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/31/2018", "text": "I saw a friend post about Philippine Smoked BBQ and Grill and immediately wanted to eat their food. I live in Philadelphia and always wondered why we don't have Filipino restaurants here. It only takes about 30 minutes from center city Philly to Wilmington, DE so it's very doable. Their store front is very unassuming, and inside looks like any old deli/pizzeria style place. However, just wait until the food comes out, I was so happy! By the way, this place was voted in 50 best BBQ joints in America! More than their BBQ I wanted to try their breakfast so I ordered their garlic rice, Tocino (sweet pork), and fried eggs, and my husband ordered \"The LaLa\" - pulled pork sandwich. We also ordered turon to share. I loved my breakfast! It was so filling I didn't become hungry until early evening! Garlic rice was not too garlicky, but had nice subtle flavour of garlic. Tocino was mildly sweet and loved the flavour and the texture. I tried my husband's LaLa sandwich; it was subtly sweet and had nice BBQ flavour (they must add other spices because it didn't taste like typical American pulled pork). I actually had some of this pulled pork with the garlic rice and it was really good. Turons had nice balanced flavour and texture of jackfruit and plantain. It was not overly sweet and not too greasy (because they do deep fry them). I wish this place was in Philly, but I will definitely go back again to try their Halo-Halo!"}, {"review_id": "zcuqdm6dveMRVDZizNkicA", "user_id": "EOajY1L3ole3gLTCZ2xw1g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/14/2016", "text": "Excellent BBQ at this place. I'd give a 4.5 if I could but I was nice and rounded up.For $13.58 I got:Beef Brisket Sandwich & OMY rolls.The Brisket starts on a normal sandwich roll. It's a bit dry and underwhelming. But the meat is exceptional. Though small parts of it were slightly overcooked, overall the mouthfeel and flavor profile excelled. South Asia spices and seasoning coat a healthy portion of nice and fatty brikest. I'd place the flavor somewhere between jerk and bbq. The meat all fell apart in my mouth. Though some was took just a bit to far in cooking. The OMY rolls are little meat rolls wrapped with crispy film. I'd give these a 3.5. There was not an exception flavor and the roll is just a bit chalky. I was impressed by this meal enough to merit 5 stars. The price for the OMY seems aggressive, but was balanced by the ample brisket toppings."}, {"review_id": "-B-AT5ZooSbGL9qbAg-1uQ", "user_id": "i0x6MWNiFLQ2cV3aIVjO5g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/27/2017", "text": "A few weeks ago, we were looking for a place to eat on our way back to Philadelphia. Boy am I glad we picked this spot. We weren't expecting much given the photos (the interior didn't look spankin' new or well-appointed) but the awesomeness of the food was so, well, awesome, that I felt compelled to write a belated review.Most restaurants are good at one cuisine. This place is great at two: Philippino and good ol' BBQ.We shared pork adobo, BBQ ribs, and pulled pork. All three were delicious. All three were affordable and fairly priced.This restaurant deserves your business. Your palate deserves this food. We're stopping by again on our next road trip."}, {"review_id": "OrRvnsR55PtkarN2MCILFg", "user_id": "3_wlevu6PjcKv6LWg3E5IQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/27/2017", "text": "I came for the Filipino food, but stayed for the BBQ. Philippine Smoked BBQ Grill does offer a Filipino menu, but the timing and availability varies, and my sense is that the real passion is on BBQ anyway. Tucked in a fairly unassuming older storefront across from the VA Hospital, Philippine Smoked BBQ Grill should be on your mid-Atlantic BBQ crawl. Like I told the proprietor, he was slinging deep-south worthy BBQ in Delaware of all places. The pulled pork was a little saucey the last time I was there, but the first time I visited it was as good as any I'd had in nearly a decade living down south. The beef brisket was the real shock, I've only been to a handful of places who pulled it off the way I like it (not tiny sliced like deli meat, lots of flavor, lots of fat mixed in) all over the country. The sauce is also quite good, about on par for a tomato based sauce anywhere. They do not offer several sauces on the table like many restaurants, but honestly I don't mind because I want them doing what they offer right, and making too many sauces leads to mistakes. Specialize, specialize, specialize. The fries and other items I've tried are also decent, although sources seemed to vary, as previously I got thicker fries (which I prefer). The staff is excellent and service is quick. The food is fresh and you can smell them actually smoking in the back (no fake or off-site BBQ here). The dining area is basic, but the best BBQs I've had were in similar environments. Parking is a little tight, but not a problem to find. I'd love if the Filipino food was a little more prominent (gosh, lechon Cebu more often would be GREAT and something truly unique) but I get that the market is a little tight for that. Regardless, I'd say 3/5 for location and presentation, 5/5 for service, 5/5 freshness, 5/5 for meat quality, 5/5 for creativity, averaging out to a nice 5/5. Totally recommended."}, {"review_id": "ukZ4Zqa8KltzcSdMD22vbQ", "user_id": "RTQ9HEPfrUrtwSDtzY1cKg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "7/7/2017", "text": "Looking at the Yelp reviews may have raised my expectations. We were looking for some different take out, so we tried them out. We ordered a half rack of ribs. They gave me about 8-9 bones, more than your typical 1/2 rack. It was mostly tender, except for some of the end pieces that were crunchy. The pulled pork sandwich was okay. It appeared somewhat oversauced. The North Carolina inspired coleslaw was okay as well, but we prefer mayo on our slaw over vinegar. We also ordered a chicken kabob for our son, but it was too dry. Overall, I think we got the tail end of their supply for the day, so it wasn't the best. I think you get the best of any BBQ restaurant if you eat lunch or an early dinner. They also advertise that they sell Filipino food on the weekends (Fri-Sun)."}, {"review_id": "GYYQV-95cC4hS4CWjTC5Jw", "user_id": "jofRlWezV7QJpCjBGRXnEg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/23/2017", "text": "So my bf and I went here Saturday night for a BBQ craving and it was totally satisfied!!! We ordered 2 Lala's (pulled pork sandwich) 1/2 lb brisket & 1 order of OMY fingers (lumpias) as a To-go order and not a crumb was left when we were done! The buns the Lala's were served on were soft and fluffy and the sauce was perfectly sweet a touch of tang! (Exactly how I love my BBQ sauce) A wave of nostalgia came over me when I was eating the food esp the OMY fingers. Reminded me of all my hs days and party's at a friend's where her mom taught me how to make these little delicious gems. The brisket was tender not dry loved how sauce was on the side for us. Service was great! I believe the owner took our order; she was speedy polite and repeated our order to make sure she got it right. I wasn't even done browsing the rest of the snack areas while waiting when it took no time at all for the food to be ready! They have a small set up the the back where you can buy a small selection of Asian products or snacks. Oh and even a cool fridge for old school bottled soda. Atmospher a bit dive-y but come for the food!!!!! I can't wait to return to try the authentic pinoy foods and get more of that BBQ!"}, {"review_id": "AnLzAqlm7KM_MPD1p2Yuyg", "user_id": "NejwGXWgAt2mA44mRT0obg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/27/2017", "text": "I come here all the time for ribs take out as my kids devour them.  I've mostly had positive experiences but last time, got two racks of dry ribs that no one wanted to eat.  I hope that was a fluke and hence giving it 4 stars."}, {"review_id": "ICVuezuMk3qsWGLATx9CXg", "user_id": "FwqLzNE7A2zQFRHD_Po1sA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "8/12/2017", "text": "Friendly service, great \"fall off the bone\" ribs. Loved the music playing and the smell of BBQ. Definitely a place to stop at again."}, {"review_id": "4mdtTnUHM_ZF2mf3s5cNxg", "user_id": "952m8R8OzLrI-Bjbqf358Q", "rating": 1.0, "date": "8/26/2017", "text": "Not happy husband just came from getting dinner and I'm so unhappy with this platter that cost $15 I have been trying to get food from this place for two weeks and now I cannot understand why people are raving over their food. I paid $15 for a piece of roasted chicken because the other two items are pratically non-existent."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/philippine-smoked-bbq-grill-wilmington?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]