[[{"review_id": "Hc8t0Cznwpp4KUoquY3UEw", "user_id": "QsM6BSlosKUpMnH9iAgvZA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/7/2018", "text": "Traveled all day from California to Philadelphia and then drove for an hour to get here. I was immensely rewarded for my travels.I started off with the Steamed Mussels. It was a pleasant surprise to get a heaping bowl of tender mussels swimming in a delicous tomato broth flecked with what appeared to be crumbled bacon. I eagerly plucked every morsel out of its shell and devoured them along with the broth and the super crispy toast points.Next was the braised lamb shank. It was perfectly cooked and tender served with an extra saucer of sauce. The meat was fork tender and I wished for a mallet to get to the marrow.To close out the meal, it was all about the molten chocolate cake.This is not a very well written review and I am being distracted by some weird cellphone zombie movie with John Cusack... Why is he doing this movie?!?!?Oh well, eclipse is definitely worth traveling across country."}, {"review_id": "1kAIhjWylSeQN6UkJi716w", "user_id": "3Av38uh8aHDvZMV_1eojQA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/10/2017", "text": "So the team was in Delaware on a project and we wanted to have a gathering for dinner with good food and good drinks. The team did a bit of searching and we landed upon Eclipse Bistro as our choice for dinner. We called ahead and were able to lock in a reservation for our party of 8 and made our way over for dinner. The restaurant itself has a small parking lot to the right of it and the inside of the joint is quaint with a cozy setting. There is a bar and there are also plenty of tables to fill out the room. We were quickly greeted at the door and seated promptly at our table.We were given menus and given the size of our team we decided to order an array of food. The bar is well stocked and has options which led me to my macallan's as per uze. After perusing, we decided to go with the calamari, the lamb meatballs, and the tartare for our appetizers. Everyone ordered their own dishes with myself going for the ribeye. The service was good and prompt and I never had an empty glass without the question of \"would you like another\". The appetizers came out quickly and all of them were good. There was enough variety to satisfy some of the picky eaters at the table. The calamari was crispy on the outside (although I wish slightly less batter), the meatballs were tender and had good flavoring to it and the tartare was standard good as well. The ribeye was good with the porcini butter and was cooked to the right temperature requested. Everyone else seemed to enjoy their assortment of dishes which included the scallops, the salmon, the chicken, the Bolognese, and the list goes on. We all enjoyed our dishes and thought they were all good.Definitely a good spot to enjoy for atmosphere, variety of food, ,and taste especially while in this area of town."}, {"review_id": "7KoKjEoVM_IFOO4VbwobGQ", "user_id": "V_f1Ugnbmp1lIo4FcNc-lw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/21/2018", "text": "Eclipse never disappoints. Attentive service, very comfortable & fun atmosphere. The food is always great, creative, and on point."}, {"review_id": "IxE-HnhJsaj9Y6Qvl_d-iw", "user_id": "7b1BaT-jf7wNnM5pxE-7kg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/28/2017", "text": "My PM on the project absolutely loves Eclipse. It's his favorite spot to have a good dinner, and it is warranted. The food is good (love the mushroom and chorizo tart). The only thing is the menu does not change that much and they do not have good vegetarian options. They have the goat cheese gnocchi but that's been on the menu for the past couple of months and as a person who doesn't eat red meat or want a whole chicken, I'm left with very few choices on what to eat. But the smores bread pudding is fantastic, and so I usually stock up on the apps and dessert."}, {"review_id": "LJa-gMskT5XZkrT3z4dH1w", "user_id": "mK5yLjfU0oggu42Zm9q1Ww", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/21/2018", "text": "Eclipse Bistro is a great experience.  We went as a party of 6, had apps, wine, and entrees.  Everything was delicious.  The wait staff was very knowledgeable as well.  I would definitely go back!"}, {"review_id": "9fmRGFtstyiP093Fj6lMWA", "user_id": "IaX73WNkQtspGsF3Xwgm8w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "10/1/2017", "text": "Finally tried Eclipse Bistro for a recent Friday night date night and had a great experience. We made a last-minute decision to go out for dinner, but we were actually able to walk in around 645 without issue. The restaurant did fill up within the next hour, so I'd imagine reservations are better if it's after 7 PM on a peak dinner night.Though the appetizer selection features a number of enticing meat-centric options, we somehow settled on sharing the brussels sprout and cauliflower app. It was the BEST decision of our meal. We devoured the plate of flash-fried brussels and cauliflower with almonds, crispy pieces of prosciutto, and a delicious honey-paprika dressing. I would return to Eclipse for this app alone, and next time, I'm not sharing it. For entrees, I chose the ahi tuna, which had a great sear while maintaining the raw center. The fried rice served along with it was good, though nothing exciting. BF got the corn agnolotti in brown butter with lumps of crab meat, and the pasta was delicious!We finished the night with the s'mores bread pudding, which was delicious, though way more rich and chocolate-y than I had been expecting.Though a bit pricey, we overall enjoyed our meal and would definitely go back."}, {"review_id": "kk7pQmiPJxvof_VhaT9ZqA", "user_id": "Bhi0JJE7sL-2SrrU0g9vcQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/17/2018", "text": "JD must have forgotten the salt at home! Otherwise perfectly executed pasta dishes fell flat due to rampant under-seasoning. A flaccid bolognese! Almost criminal lack of salt leading to a meaty milky mess. The agnolotti suffered from a topping of chopped star anise. Too thick! Let''s grind that to a fine powder next time buddy boy. The octopus in the bucatini was cooked to perfection, but the dish was a muddled mess of fishy flavor. Bartender was a gruff and unskilled brute. Learn to mix a drink and serve customers!"}, {"review_id": "hTAAxBdi1hd6V2_YexfPqg", "user_id": "0Q4sQvErZS6_IJqRJG1Gww", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/26/2017", "text": "WOW! Easily my favorite spot to eat in Wilmington. Tuesday nights they offer half price bottles of wine and it's just such a deal. The winter menu that Chef Morton has put out is absolutely stunning. I've been a few times now and have tried almost everything ranging from the Scallops to Braised Lamb Shank. Bucatini w spicy octopus and prosciutto ragu. Yeah it's amazing. But i have to admit i was simply blown away by the Spinach Gnocchi . Simply superb. Comes served w Braised Duck and Chanterelle Mushrooms in a sherry butter sauce with a port wine reduction and grated ricotta salata and my goodness. Just trust me on this one - GET IT. Desert is nothing short of fabulous as well. Get in there while you can and try the winter menu because once Spring rolls around almost every dish will change and a few of them are just must tries. Eclipse is part of Platinum Dining Group and you can just never go wrong choosing Platinum for dinner !"}, {"review_id": "uUXdYY2TdlF2vKYbLegSrw", "user_id": "wbROnexySjxMI20YVE0dzg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/19/2017", "text": "Had a lovely dinner at Eclipse recently and I must say that it was by far the best meal we had during our five day trip to the Wilmington area.  The service was excellent and our waiter, I do believe his name was Ryan, was patient and extremely accommodating even when considering the several food allergies of our combined party.  He also suggested a couple of good wine choices.  In addition to the excellent service, the food was also excellent. With a total of six in our party, we enjoyed a good sampling of the menu with no disappointments."}, {"review_id": "2tgCszDccw9wmBg8DrorXg", "user_id": "-J_wra_v8PaPfy2r4_LHiw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/12/2016", "text": "The meal at Eclipse was excellent, and a surprise find in the Wilmington, DE area. I went to the restaurant with a large group and found every item on the menu to be well prepared and fresh. I ordered the large crab cake entree as my main dish, and substituted French fries with an arugula salad, which was delicious. We started with a charcuterie and cheese plate and calamari, both good. The desserts were the big hit of the evening; everything was freshly prepared in the kitchen. I had a blueberry cobbler with ice cream on top, and definitely recommend it.The restaurant is pricey, but it's a great \"special occasion\" place. When I'm in Wilmington again will definitely check this place out."}, {"review_id": "CTKIUKuueZT4Dd0E5RrQTQ", "user_id": "G1Wgi63g0Mq5bipcDwokmA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/2/2017", "text": "Spent my birthday on a business trip and found Eclipse Bistro on Yelp. My three colleagues and I got a table on a Monday night with no reservation but every other table was occupied. The atmosphere was just right, lively but not noisy. We each ordered an appetizer and entree and absolutely loved every dish. I had a special salad with crab and then the tuna with a carrot curry which was cooked to perfection. Dessert was beyond description, the blackberry cobbler might be the best thing I ever ate, and I rarely order dessert. The service was attentive and knowledgeable. It was a fabulous birthday dinner and definitely a place I feel confident recommending to those who enjoy innovative American cuisine."}, {"review_id": "0ZXVbyaxAijj896ydOIw7w", "user_id": "B9iPTih0dmpZn6fRyZnLLg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "1/10/2017", "text": "One of the better upscale New American dining establishments in Wilmington. It's a small place located in a (well relatively) safer for part of town a few blocks up the street from a Bimmer dealership (and more importantly located next to the kick-ass bakery Sweet Something's). Eclipse offers well presented, generally above average, albeit overpriced food served in a nice setting that appeals to many, given the fact that business was booming during our visit. The meal started with bread served with decent butter and a pesto infused olive oil. I really enjoyed the oil. But not as much as the grilled Brussels sprouts and cauliflower appetizer which was the highlight of our meal. Served with Marcona almonds and prosciutto,  everyone in our party loved it. We also had above average calamari to start. It was good, not at all rubbery, and served in a nice aioli. Lots of olives too but they needed more capers. For entrees we had a decent salmon served over sweet potato cubes. It was good enough but no better tasting and smaller than the grilled salmon salad at the Border Cafe on Rt. 7 at a third of the price. Also good was the ahi tuna which was well prepared but served over a salty sauce. It was also not that much fish. The third member of our party ordered the larger of the two crabcake entrees. For $28 it consisted of one slightly large crabcake (you'd think they'd spring for two at this price but from what we were told they just give you a smaller one for the lower cost option). The crabcake was tasty but had no lump crabmeat in it whatsoever. The fries that came with it were decent. The final person in our group had the pork shank. It was massive, and I am pretty sure that there was more to eat in this dinner than our other entrees combined. It had a decent taste and was well prepared but not earth shattering. The polenta served with it was pretty good as was the broccoli rabe. It was more worth it than our other entrees, though. While the meal was good, maybe four stars, the fact that everything was so overly priced knocks it down a star. While I'd willingly pay three times as much as Eclipse to eat fantastic, inventive food at a place like Zahav in Philly, somehow the meal at Eclipse made me wanting something more. That being said, I am sure that there are many Wilmingtonians willing to dish out Benjamins for a decent dining experience."}, {"review_id": "8JIfBvoH_mYES_3kuk5wQQ", "user_id": "8AFeTcVY1dPxg2k9fg8cOQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/18/2017", "text": "If you're looking for a nice date night place, this is the place to go! Service is exquisite. The servers take the time to explain each and every dish in detail, which is nice if you're not used to places like this. It's a bit pricey, but you definitely receive what you pay for!"}, {"review_id": "bCauyNKjmuD4wIP_d2vJKg", "user_id": "QrEd8kXQB9-oPkTyTUIGbw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/5/2017", "text": "Highly recommend checking out this spot if you're in the Wilmington area. We didn't have a reservation, but managed to get two seats at the bar. The bartender was entertaining and very knowledgeable about the menu/great at guiding us in what to order. We ordered the brussel sprouts and cauliflower appetizer, venison loin, scallops, lemon brulee, and chocolate smores bread pudding. Everything was excellent. On Tuesdays they offer half priced bottles of wine. They will be transitioning to their spring menu starting today, 4/5/17."}, {"review_id": "UGM6-ZynauDO4a33blsuRQ", "user_id": "0ZDEXBJ1MGhnymSgm544yQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/17/2016", "text": "My husband and I dined here this evening to celebrate our anniversary. We started with soup/salad and my husband found his tomato bisque just ok. I had the salad special, greens with goat cheese, strawberries, asparagus, and a pineapple dressing. The salad was tasty but I would have liked it more with a crunchy, nutty component as well. My husband was very happy with his NY strip steak and I was very pleased with the salmon dish. Both his steak and my salmon were generous portions.We finished off the meal by sharing a s'mores bread pudding that was very rich but delicious. Our server was attentive and friendly. Everyone we encountered there was friendly as well, especially the host. It was the perfect way to celebrate our anniversary."}, {"review_id": "Hb1VticK9SEzpkc2ZJoxKw", "user_id": "NMmYuXTh3bsN3lwGcq9kJQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "1/1/2017", "text": "Reservation via telephone was a breeze and person taking booking was courteous and spoke proper English. A good start. Atmosphere is really cozy and welcoming. Server was good. It toward the end of our evening we felt as if she rushed us a little. Our food was cooked well but everything had just a little too much garlic. Overall good impression. We will probably return to give them a second chance."}, {"review_id": "-wX5uHl3iTAvh8-Dr15WFA", "user_id": "iHSMdHSNtub1v9G9sqx0zQ", "rating": 2.0, "date": "12/22/2016", "text": "Went for a group lunch with coworkers recently. had a \"eb chopped salad\" - which was bland. full of iceberg lettuce (bleh), some olives, a little bit of chopped salami, not much tomato, cucumber or other veggies. had a light olive oil dressing. Almost no flavor at all. we did have the shrimp & grits appetizer, that was good, and my colleagues said their food was good. they had a pulled pork sandwich, one person had a cheeseburger(?), they looked good. mIne was very bland. I've been to eclipse before, usually the food is good. but their salad isn't. they need to use romaine or other lettuce, and add other vegetables. and have different dressing choices. service was good and it was clean. but my salad was very underwhelming."}, {"review_id": "TunWvYHvoOR2u1I4lvNz4A", "user_id": "yquudzGJrjMGwCiD7u4V5A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/28/2016", "text": "Went to Eclipse tonight for maybe the sixth time... Feel it's time to give it a review!  Excellent service tonight from Cole at the bar.  Super friendly servers all around, as we sat at the bar near the service bar.  We started with a cheese board and the special salad with mixed greens topped with pistachios and goat cheese wrapped in rice paper and deep friend- awesome!  I had the special brown butter gnocchi with almonds, shrimp, and haricot verts; absolutely amazing.  Pillowy, fluffy gnocchi with perfect accompaniments.  I ate every bite on my plate.  My date had a crab cake and wiped his plate clean, too.  We finished with the blackberry Cabernet sorbet, a refreshing end to the meal.  Absolutely wonderful meal, and great, friendly service!  Can't wait to go back!"}, {"review_id": "VhOVmv6gDb71WTIKiRXqjQ", "user_id": "0CLB673oRYoUJT8jdl0cXg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/18/2016", "text": "We had a fabulous meal at Eclipse, we enjoyed the beef carpaccio, the lamb, gnocchi, and the molten chocolate cake! All three courses were fabulous. The only thing, the portion sizes were to the smaller side especially for the price"}, {"review_id": "J5MW7ClR6Mu-2NEMucnxyg", "user_id": "A1nIXS5XEWeZ2EUUcOsurA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "10/6/2014", "text": "I stopped here after visiting Winterthur for dinner with the family. Very easy and close to get to from Winterthur.Tip: Make reservations early when they open (5:00-5:30pm) so that there is street parking (free for 2 hrs) available. If you come later, you will be stuck driving around and walking to the restaurant.A small bistro size restaurant with limited seating so reservations would be best. Reservations are only made on the phone.We had a waiter who was not that enthused and sweating profusely (gross) and the restaurant just opened. I didn't take any stars away due to our waiter because other tables got great waiters who made recommendations and overall cared for their guests.The food was very good. Creme brulee was excellent. Scallops and steak were cooked perfectly. I would definitely return to dine if I was in the area."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/eclipse-bistro-wilmington?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]