[[{"review_id": "uaa7zVV9gzrSaqvSx9HOug", "user_id": "hxop8bQNfvdxH7lXOTDb4A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "I am self proclaimed donut connoisseur (still working on a blog, keep your eye out). I went to salty donuts on a Wednesday afternoon at 330pm. I always try a plain glazed donut & sprinkled donut at every new shop I stop in.  I only had glazed because they didn't have a sprinkle one. The donuts were thick, fresh and very light and airy. They have a variety of donut flavors to choose from as well, if you are adventurousThe maple bacon donut is to literally to die for! Overall good donuts and good location! However, too many kids hogging the picnic tables after school hours. Only downside!"}, {"review_id": "ljFECCF4mb7XhYIXNge25w", "user_id": "aK4kbjgnQKbjOyM_Qs6vRQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "Cool place to get unique doughnuts. Trendy,clean and super packed.We got grapefruit , pineapple, berry cream, original and two small mini berry doughnuts filled with jam in a plastic syringe.Grapefruit was cool wow 4.5/5Mini berry syringe 5/5Original glazed 4/5Pinapple 4/5 more of a cake crumble textureBerry cream 3/5 it is beautiful but the cream was too tart for us. A bit bitter like un ripe raspberries. Pricey yes but you are full with one doughnut. The glazed are huge, grapefruit was huge. I will be back but KK is soooo good and conveniently close to Aventura."}, {"review_id": "0iW86LnZIac1IcSEtXtBRQ", "user_id": "zQk1bdjUXwktAyDUfrE0dA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "It's a donut shop. I love donuts so I knew I would love it here. They have very unique flavor combinations. I've never had a grapefruit donut so I tried that one.  It's really neat that they always have at least one vegan, gluten free option. When I was there it was a pineapple carrot cake. This spot was busy the whole time I was there, both inside and out. And these yummy delights are what's up."}, {"review_id": "iZ84QmFymX4waf7kmsefTQ", "user_id": "sMfzdYpg2oUYUUd-9EnnIQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "I'm a traditionalist at heart, I'm the kind of person who loves the classic donuts. However if your into the fancy, upscale, artisanal, and gourmet style of donuts well then your going to absolutely love this place. Just have to be honest the donuts don't taste just as good as they appear to look. However I'm not going to knock on them just stating the facts. But they are definitely good but not great. Be prepared for long lines and get your Instagram photos ready!"}, {"review_id": "LgHG_y7o55PwFI4i4dYYEg", "user_id": "ExVdMMgUKftrRZLJo2lwkA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "I dont wake up early for anything, I was late for my own wedding but after reading the reviews, I made sure we were the first ones there.Very cute place and the coffee was astonishingly good. Now for the Donuts!!!! My husband was greedy and ordered a multitude of flavors. He got a maple bacon, nutella, tres leches and a glazed one for comparison. The maple bacon was a bit too sweet for him but all the other ones were amazing or so he says. For me there was only one gluten free choice (which happens to be vegan too) - carrot pineapple cake. A strange flavor at first but it grew on me. I tasted a hint of pineapple but to me it resembled more a carrot cake than a donut. It was more crumbly than doughy as it should be. I believe it's baked instead of fried,  which is a win if you are looking for something \"healthier\" but not if you are expecting a real doughnut. The flavor was there, I was just slightly disappointed because I was looking forward to finally having a real donut for months. And I wish there were more gluten free options."}, {"review_id": "_EYy5eNjH5cF8gZJDXqw0Q", "user_id": "XLX8O7liQ_TobOLjkdOy1A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "The Salty Donut is one of those few Instagram famous places that actually lives up to the hype. Without a doubt, these are the best donuts I've ever had - in Miami, in the US, and in the world. I've tried places like Glazed & Confused and Doughnut Vault in Chicago, which are awesome too, but nothing holds up consistently than The Salty Donut.They have a wide range of flavors at one time. Every donut here is a hit. The donuts are soft, chewy and toothsome; the glazes are spot on and not overbearingly sweet. The inside of the donuts are moist and not dry; and the flavors are excellent as well! The oozing filling compliments the butter dough. They are all scrumptious and worth every calorie. We had a large meal beforehand but still had room for the donuts. Dare I say they would be even tastier on an empty stomach.They have these flavors all year round: White Chocolate Tres Leches, Nutella, Brown Butter + Salt, Traditional Glazed Buttermilk, Guave + Cheese, and Maple Bacon. My personal favorite is Guava & Cheese! Guava and cheese is basically a pastelito in donut form. Brioche donut with guava and cream cheese filling. Topped with cream cheese icing and garnished with pieces of Maria cookies, perfecto! The weekly flavors they're having now are: Pistachio Orange Blossom, Grapefruit + Strawberry, Pineapple Carrot (Vegan), Black Forest, Banana + Hazelnut, and Dough-knot. The price ranges from $3.50 to $5 for one donut. They are worth the price and the hype. The service is also extremely friendly. There is always a line but it moves quickly. Not to forget about this Matcha Mint Lemonade, this is the perfect drink for a day in Miami. It is refreshing and the perfect tart to sweet ratio. They also have coffee drinks like cold brew, with a creamer bar and water station right outside the store at the hallway. Bathrooms are also down the hall and require a code, so do ask the baristas beforehand. There are good amount of seating inside and a few tables outside. I love the simplistic decor and the atmosphere inside. I can see myself hanging out here to work and have a donut and coffee. If you hate waiting in line for their extra delicious and gourmet donuts, you can opt for the more convenient route - UberEats. I have personally ordered their donuts this way a handful of times, and it never disappoint me. They always arrive warm in their cute box with the custom lined paper. If you live in Miami, then I don't have to convince you. Chances are you already know and visit this donut place. If you're visiting the city - make this a stop. You will not regret it! Sometimes you just gotta #doitforthegram."}, {"review_id": "EwCKfdu4PIqQ_FmRX2rTzA", "user_id": "ORSNXcbsRjU_0hp1SjKb5Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/7/2018", "text": "This was my very first stop coming from the airport. My friends raved about The Salty Donut so I HAD to check it out for myself. I went with their Brown Butter and Salt donut and an iced coffee on the side. The cashier was super nice and really understood my deprivation from caffeine.First bite of the donut was fantastic. Very rich and flavorful. I love the bit of salt incorporated into it. The iced coffee was fine. The atmosphere was great. Good amount of seating inside and a few tables outside. There was always a line but it moved quickly. Not gonna lie: I also stopped in here first thing in the morning before my morning flight back home! Got a donut for breakfast and a donut to bring back with me. They ran out of one or two of their donuts around 8 am but I can't recall which ones."}, {"review_id": "VhUdCK-45QKoWXNzgTGBPA", "user_id": "sQKTMk0lDnQ1buIQjQ_9nA", "rating": 2.0, "date": "4/2/2018", "text": "One thing that annoys me about Miami is the boat load of band wagon restauranteers. It's truly ridiculous, if one place pops up and is successful every other DeVry grad tries to copy cat.Not to long ago our first poke place opens up, and within months dozens follow suit. A few years ago a microbrewery opens up and becomes successful, then all of a sudden Miami is an imitation hub of microbrewery \"culture\". All manned by wannabe hipsters and their ridiculous beards.Gourmet donuts are no different, Mojo Donuts pops up with their diabetes wmd's they call donuts, now all of a sudden every half-assed quack is a master Chemical engineer at creating rounded grenades of excessive sugar. Between the reports of the Salty Donuts INS like line's and their super sweet mediocre donuts, I had absolutely had no interest in this place.But this one particular day I drove by and decided to stop in and try it out.I bought three donuts, a fritter, a raspberry and the third I cannot remember. Oddly the one I cannot remember was the only edible one, the fritter was very dry on the inside and incredibly sweet, but I did find a way to finish it. I couldn't even stomach one bite of the raspberry donut, it was way to sweet and had an odd chemical taste, it ended up in the garbage. To add insult to injury the raspberry donut left purple dye all over my hands.I see why they call this place the salty donut, I could actually taste salt in their donuts.Later on in the day my stomach started to feel queezy.So I spent almost $10 for 3 sugar bombs from hell(Mississippi), when I could have spent $7 on 7 delicious donuts at Dandee."}, {"review_id": "J6sYKJAFfA9kfPXKuAX5Wg", "user_id": "bd_rbeJeBX04Z-gFyhsP5g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/22/2018", "text": "A little outside of wynnwood aka wynnhood, is this cute donut shop with a simple straight forward array of yummy donuts. They don't have any basic donuts like you see at most donut shops. The different tiers of donuts is a bit too much, because if I'm coming for donuts, then I'm not getting anything basic.If I'm going to consume 1000 calories, then it better be worth it! I got the chocolate banana hazelnut, Nutella creme, and vegan donut. All were delicious, but as usual I couldn't finish it all.My favorite was the banana hazelnut, which was just the right amount of sweetness. The Nutella donut was pretty good as well. Come here if you're tired of your average basic donut shop."}, {"review_id": "uPsh-ZxgZxVtsTA6HOF1GQ", "user_id": "6X-HQqpVgOxGtKoEPvMydQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "I just noticed that I have never formally written a review for The Salty Donut, and after taking dozens of pictures of their masterpieces I just don't know how the actual review slipped by me...Let me begin by saying that I am NOT  a donuts lover, never - ever have I ever enjoyed eating this kind of sweets. With that said, when my husband said that he wanted to try The Salty Donut because all of his students were talking about it, I was not that excited.  Since we visit Wynwood frequently, we decided that we would stop by on our next visit.  My first impression of the shop was the ginourmous (I know it's not a word) line that wrapped around the establishment.  This particular day was Miami HOT, now, I don't know where you are from when reading this review, and more thank likely, if you are a tourist, you have never experienced our Miami scorching heat. This particular Saturday was \"one of those days!\"  I really wanted to please my husband and pretty much knew that he was willing to make the line, so we patiently waited.  About 15 long minutes, we walked into this gorgeous space filled with artisan trays of their food art.  We promptly ordered and sat on a picnic table outside... When I tried my first bite, I was literally in heaven!! This was no ordinary donuts, this was nothing like I had ever tasted.  The texture is more of a fluffy cake than a donuts which I really loved.  My husband loved his as well.  Since then, we have been back countless times, and each and every time, we have loved our experience.Do I need to say that we will certainly be going back ..."}, {"review_id": "zgl3A3aiTQMViSdlNfJ_PA", "user_id": "urhAyZyAwJibFkpY9oohSA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/11/2018", "text": "There's a good reason people wake up early and stand in line before they open and it's because The Salty Donut is killing the donut game! The creativity and thought that goes into every donut is evident in every bite. I have had almost every donut they offer and there's not one I did not like. My favorite is the nutella donut. It is delish. I love a chocolatey donut. It's not just the over the top decorations though, the dough is very good. I think you have to try their most simple donut in order to appreciate that. With that said, The Salty Donut is a special occasion type of donut, it's a little difficult getting these tasty treats so I wouldn't do the mission for a random day."}, {"review_id": "3cEPV3CO4UNGFxdTy_oViQ", "user_id": "aJq04G1ZVDdWWTmcokDffg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/19/2018", "text": "In the mood to break a diet? This might be the best way to do so. Located in the heart of Wynwood, Welcome to Donut heaven!! The donuts flavors explode in your mouth. It is so good! Each donut is just like its own giant dessert. They get quite creative with their donut flavors. To think they started off as a food truck and now have a store front and heard they are opening up another one in the south Miami area, I cant wait!!!! So much closer to home . Speaking of the donuts though,  they really don't compare to anywhere else! The creativity and thought that goes into every donut is evident in every bite., its hard to pick just one favorite because they are all sooo good. I like to stick to my roots however so I usually  go with the guava and cheese one, its one of my many favorites! Along with the mango streusel donut they have, it is topped with fresh mango glaze, mango compote, homemade coconut macadamia nut and white chocolate drizzle. It  sucks it is only seasonal but I love that they are always changing up their flavors based on the time of year. Gives you a reason to want to keep going back but let me tell you that each flavor is always looking better than the next! DO-NUT judge me but they have me drooling over their sticky bun donut . Yes you heard right! They actually take a cinnamon bun from knaus berry farm ( the most famous place to get freshly made cinna buns) and stick it inside of their brioche dough and brush it with some type of secret sauce, then they wrap it all together and top it off with a homemade pecan toffee sauce. Just typing that description out is making my mouth water!  But yes they only have these sinfully delicious donuts I just described once a year around January time, when its cinnamon roll season. It just makes it so hard to genuinely stay away when they are coming out with new flavors all the time.  They are also famous and well known for their maple bacon donut, this one they tend to have all year round, its also a must try if you are a bacon lover. If you like peanut butter and jelly. You must get their PB&J donut. Its filled with a homemade strawberry jam, light peanut butter glaze and topped with a crunchy peanut butter streusel. They also have a peaches and brie, injected with a homemade apricot & peach jelly, light apricot glaze, topped with candied pecans , brie mousse and peach slices ( this one is only available in summer ). Strawberry shortcake, blueberry cheesecake, and the list goes on. They also have these little spiked donut holes, it's a cinnamon sugar donut hole paired with an injection of coquito. P.S- Arrive early cause there are times they sell out- so if you're going later in the day, call ahead to make sure they are still open or check their Instagram , they are usually good about updating when they have sold out . P.S.S -they are on ubereats if you live in the area!!"}, {"review_id": "iGbtmFfeK6oUQepO_YLfYA", "user_id": "NXgMTKURIo9--f03WoF1OQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "I am a donut Sommalier. Yes, it's a thing because I said so. So when I travel I look for a local donut place. I'm not talking Dunkin or Krispy, I'm talking the handmade with love and creativity kind of stuff. So when I arrived in Miami one of the first things I did was search for a donut spot. The Salty Donut was highly rated and near my hotel.I didn't realize it was in this cool Wynwood neighborhood so it was nice to walk around and see the artwork and vendors. It also happened to be the Wynwood festival.The shop is in a mini mall with other small stores. They have an interesting variety. I always try a basic flavor to get a sense of the donut consistency and flavor before I get too fancy.I got the glazed, brown butter salt and banana hazelnut.The donuts are large and thick. A bit too thick. The glazed was good. I like a donut with a soft fluffy inside and a bit of crispy on the outside. These were a bit dense. The brown butter was very crispy. So much so that I wondered if it was overcooked as it was a bit crumbly and dry. I also didn't really get a brown butter flavor or salt. I was expecting the type of sensation that you get from a sea salt chocolate. That sweet and brine taste. I ended up throwing that one away. A work colleague had the hazelnut banana and loved it (he's not a sommolier) I've had better. Would I go again? Sure. Maybe try something different. I've also recommended it to my daughter who will be in Miami in a few weeks."}, {"review_id": "aTF84oL8l1uZzi5gkpqsDQ", "user_id": "x6wX-5bPSHbfIuyxgCInWQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/6/2018", "text": "Found this gem as one of the most highly rated donut places in Miami so I decided to check this place out. I came here on a Sunday morning around 10am from north beach while visiting for the weekend. There was a line but it went by fairly quickly. I ordered the Flan donut and 3 mini sugar coated donuts spiked. They were both A-ok tasting. I really expected the flan donut to have way more flavor. I liked it because of the texture and look but the overall taste wasn't that great. It reminded me of creme brûlée. The top coated caramel was hard instead of a soft saucier caramel on top. The filling was kind of blan and not sweet at all. I was super bummed because I really like Flan and based off the pictures I expected the flan donut to be much better. The spiked donuts didn't much flavor either. Overall, for the price you can find better donuts elsewhere. I most likely won't come back here when I visit Miami again."}, {"review_id": "empIwYlRgLjw9ZRzFilTog", "user_id": "rdVuWbN_M1FL2xsyP-hg4Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/28/2018", "text": "All I have to say I've been to many high-end donut shops but this one blows everyone of them away cool vibe are great donuts the employees were super friendly !I would go back 100 times just so that I can try everyone of the donuts. Again if you happen to be in the area this is a must try but warning to everybody they run out of the good ones early"}, {"review_id": "7XHUzmxlRgKeSHFOT1j0jQ", "user_id": "GAi-6FOsAAxu85s9HDd4Lg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Salty, salty...where do I begin!? As someone who does not particularly enjoy donuts, I was first skeptical over all the rave. However, when I first ate at The Salty Donut, this all changed. The donuts are artistically made from pure ingredients, and you can't go wrong with any flavor. There are some flavors that remain on the menu, my personal favorite being the Guava + Cheese--fitting for Miami. The guava does not taste artificial, and the donut is not unbearably sweet. Just the perfect balance between fruit and cheese. The Salty Donut has weekly as well as year round flavors, keeping my taste buds engaged. In addition to their breathtaking donuts, the coffees and teas are just as good...the Salted Caramel Latte is thankfully done just right, and is not overpowered in one direction or the other. I typically go with a few friends and we buy several donuts to split 3 or 4 ways--in my opinion the best way to go. Unfortunately, the line can often be long but it moves at a decent pace. This is only a testament to the high quality donuts and positive customer service that you will receive at The Salty Donut."}, {"review_id": "Xzu6B9Dl86-BJEKO32cE2g", "user_id": "hhXvg3wwVAvUlqchw3xCXg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/25/2018", "text": "Yum.  Donut lovers' dream come true.  Priced as you would expect for gourmet donuts, they have a large selection.  I tried the dulce de leche and coconut Samoa donuts along with a pour over and cold brew.... mmmmGood!I even got a cut donut keychain with my alternative moniker. It's nestled in Wynwood and part of small complex with other shops.  Nice to sit and have coffee and then take a short stroll."}, {"review_id": "vsPaEvF4lO8TroQA7Ffc0A", "user_id": "zBbjTKyVn1BXtIymT98hwQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "The salty donut never fails. The best donuts in town hands down! Any location you see, they are a must try weather you're from here or just visiting, splurge!!"}, {"review_id": "lXWyUjsOMMc2TknJ8sbXRg", "user_id": "nAf3vXdyQDIvIgHprruhOg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/15/2018", "text": "I didn't ever think a donut could be life changing, but here we are. I have raved about the flan donut I had today to anyone that will listen. It was so unique and delicious, I couldn't get over it! I loved the hard sugar coating on the top, it was so shiny you could see a reflection on it and when you bite into it or break it in half it has the most satisfying *crack*! The filling was so perfect and the actual donut itself was absolutely amazing. I ended up getting another one of those and maple bacon to bring home for my boyfriend. Each one of the donuts there was beautifully crafted and so perfectly presented. I would loved to have tried them all!! The staff was also very nice and helpful. I loved the simplistic decor and the atmosphere inside. I could see myself hanging out here to work and have a donut and coffee. I know that lines can get very long here, unsurprisingly, but I came around 1pm on a weekday so there was no wait for me. I highly recommend taking the time to come here!"}, {"review_id": "fbl4wQ-YN8NhKCY8n2YQvw", "user_id": "JpRhQXIZf9PwEsTVxpLkQg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/26/2018", "text": "Honestly, what's not to love about The Salty Donut? I have yet to personally wait in the lines for their extra delicious and gourmet doughnuts. I opt for the more convenient route - Uber Eats (millennial probs). I have ordered their doughnuts this way a handful of times, and I have never been disappointed. The doughnuts have arrived warm every time, in their cute custom box with their custom lined paper. I love attention to detail, you guys, and Salty Donut does it right (two thumbs up). I've had the maple bacon (personal favorite) white chocolate tres leches, guava and cheese (2nd fav, so freaking good, day dreaming of it right now, actually), traditional glazed buttermilk, vegan Samoa, brown butter with salt, and the limited time mini strawberry filled donut. I would TOTALLY order the Nutella one, because HELLO, who DOESN'T like Nutella? But, I absolutely hate any type of nuts on my food (sweet or salty). So for now, until they hopefully (fingers crossed) ONE day make all my Nutella dreams come true and don't top the Nutella doughnut with nuts, no Nutella for me. :(All the flavors I've had so far have been oh so good. Only downside, you can't get the newer cool doughnuts on Uber Eats that they sell at their shop. Like that delish looking crackling Flan doughnut :OMy two requests, PLEASE open a more south location (Kendall maybe?). And, pretty please, put the new cool doughnuts up on Uber Eats! I will love you forever!That is my Salty Donut rant for now. They make my day shine sweeter, and they will for you too!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/the-salty-donut-miami?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]