[[{"review_id": "OcJh2cKd5PoRICl5-cS-5A", "user_id": "jXMAcv1PkA4i2U1EUOGQfw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Great atmosphere, friendly, knowledgeable service; and of course, some of the tastiest food that I have had in years. Our waiter pretty much selected our shared plates and he hit a home run! And we had everything from sushi;  steak; great fish, chicken and veggie dishes too-all beautifully presented and prepared to perfection. Delicious mixologist worthy drinks and ending with a huge birthday desert that was personal, fun, campy and yummy!Aside from setting a new record (by a lot$$$) for the price of dinner for two, it was well worth it"}, {"review_id": "18WnU-NDdxrORkDyXiveGA", "user_id": "12-5RdgXp8hQF7--P8fGUg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Wow, this is a must stop if you are in Miami and would like to enjoy an incredible dining experience. The space and atmosphere is really enjoyable and the food is perfected.The yellowtail, Chilean sea bass, octopus and wagyu are all amazing here and so are the drinks. The old fashioned is a must try and you most likely will have more than one.Don't miss out an opportunity to experience dining at its finest. Be sure to make reservations and dress to impress, this place is a close walk to other vibrant locations for nightlife and dining."}, {"review_id": "0GDxYWcWZbOkstsltn5dnA", "user_id": "HsOxSwIvWGUmgYfxJiV3MA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/19/2018", "text": "Zuma = WOW!  Fantastic place. The tuna sashimi literally melts in your mouth and I'd highly recommend it. I have no idea how they get it to melt like that as I've never eaten sashimi even close to this before. I've been to NoBu, various hot spots in Japan, and other top US sushi spots and Zuma's Tuna Sashimi is best I've ever had. Their scallops are fantastic too. The beef is okay, its good but not great. The desert boat is something to behold for large groups. It's a stunning visual presentation and the desert options are pleasant as well. Zuma is very expensive and its more of a laid back lounge feel. Great for business meetings and casual dates. This is not candle light, romantic quiet corner table to whisper sweat nothings. This is a fun place with energy in the room and food which will impress.  Its worth the price to dine at Zuma."}, {"review_id": "sclndg9CjLlwi3T5p2518Q", "user_id": "6YbU4Gvc_P_IcAoeV_Nihg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "Always have an amazing experience when I come here. The service is great, the food and the drinks are amazing. The options on the menu are perfect, I absolutely love it here. I've been to this one and the one in Vegas and have absolutely no complaints. Yes it is pricey, but I feel it's worth every penny every time."}, {"review_id": "TJs-9kalxYbt1Si37CDrPQ", "user_id": "hkEaFuh40UPF6crjKX2GBg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/23/2018", "text": "Zumas located at the bottom of the Epic hotel. Parking to get into the hotel is always backed up and you'll most likely have to pay $17 for valet with ticket validation at the restraining. Half of the seats are inside and half are outside with a view of the water.Just like the rest of the review day prepare to dish out some cash. This place is not cheap. $200+ for a couple easily. Add a few drinks and you'll be almost at $300. The drinks were average. I expected for the price a great drink but it was nothing special. Just funky cups and pretty colors. They offered edamame right off the bad but didn't mention it as a appetizer. It ended up being $9 for a small bowl of edamame. The calamari had large pieces in it but wasn't amazing. I ended up estes the rip eye in fresh truffle. It was $137 amazing. It took them about an hour to bring it out because the waiter said the first one wasn't to Zuma standards. Probably means they over cooked it. The deserts were ok as well. I'd have to say the rip eye was amazing. Everything else was decent. This restaurant is rated very well on Yelp so I had very high hopes going in. I don't mind paying for food as long as it's amazing. The rip eye was the only thing worth the price in my eyes. I've heard the sushi is good but didn't try it."}, {"review_id": "tIskF1aVRoZoxp2_hZF1ew", "user_id": "2HchhLgGj16aITZGVy0hqA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/6/2018", "text": "Zuma is very Miami - it's a scene with beautiful people who care much more about being seen than eating great food. I'll be honest; I never wanted to go to Zuma. In fact, due to unclear communication, we gave up a reservation at Stubborn Seed to dine here.We were seated just behind the bar at a table for 2. I looked around and noticed that none of the other women looked like they've ever eaten before. I was hungry though and we tried our best to pick dishes that would taste good without breaking the bank.Here's the thing - I have no problem spending even $300 per person on dinner if the food, presentation, creativity, and technique are exceptional.  But Zuma seemed like an \"upscale\" Asian-fusion loud, loungy spot that follows the standard formula. I was not amused.But I digress. In the end, we chose yellowtail sashimi, rock shrimp tempura, wild mushroom hot pot, and spicy beef tenderloin.Yellowtail sashimi came in 6 pieces and was ok. The rock shrimp was incredibly tasty and very expensive. Yelp photos made the dish look bigger but the bowl it was served in was no bigger than 3 inches wide.The two \"mains\" were actually not bad. The mushroom hot pot was a surprising hit. Most of the other tables around us also ordered it and it seemed like everyone else splurged on the truffle addition. We did not and it was still tasty. The beef was sweet and a tad spicy; I thought it was over marinated/sauced but I can see its appeal.The drinks at Zuma are creative and good. I had Rubabu (rhubarb sake, vodka, passionfruit, and lemon) and he had the dangerously strong Mexican Zombie.All in was ~$170 for two; about 30% overpriced for the quality."}, {"review_id": "2m_7Wv081YAQrV4PNZsIwQ", "user_id": "ckApvE7oJ7dHSCrgqvfQMg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "Where do I even begin - I visited Zuma for a work conference where we had the private back room reserved for our group. Service was top-notch - glasses were always being filled, plates taken away and silverware replaced as they were discarded. Super fine attention to detail by the staff. We had so many dishes come to the table it's hard to explain all of them. I'm normally not a fan of sushi, but found myself eating the sushi and sashimi here. The quality was amazing, it tasted like pure butter! The steak was to die for. Probably the best steak I've had in Miami. And the dessert boat was more than a dream come true for myself. The chocolate cake and Exotic fruit assortment was the perfect way to end an amazing evening. I'll definitely be back!"}, {"review_id": "AHSsrwQWXc5EwSMZi-ZM4A", "user_id": "09X6cnOJnuNXi39yPxjHNg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/10/2018", "text": "We had a reservation at Area 31 and were greeted by a rude unhelpful host, who spoke to us, like we were asking for a handout. While I was willing to overlook it, my friends weren't, so we went down to Zuma (same building downstairs). We were a party of 4 without reservation on a Friday night. Considering that, wait time was reasonable and host was very friendly. Entirely different experience and attitude. We had cocktails at the bar and a few appetizers while we waited. Transition to table was smooth (huge pet peeve of mine). Once at the table we just ordered a variety of items to share. The entire evening we witnessed a parade of delicious food. We had food on the table at all times, all perfectly spaced out to not crowd us. We ordered two bottles of Domaine Ott Rosé, both the server and the sommelier made sure our glasses were topped the entire evening. Totally recommended if you're entertaining or on a date. P.S. Lady with hair on her face was crashing the table. We met her in the bathroom ;) lol."}, {"review_id": "44Cnc0JfdQMVZZin9IKgMA", "user_id": "_xWn57tbQ1nr39we2Wt_eQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/10/2018", "text": "We crossed the bay to partake of Zuma's renowned cuisine. On the whole it was a great experience. We started with Tuna & Salmon Tartar (w/Caviar) The salmon tastes very creamy, and goes especially well with the caviar. The Pork Belly Skewers are meaty and juicy. The Grouper Tempura has a very nice texture to it, combined with a subtle flavor. The Sweet Potatoes are a work of art. We also enjoyed the signature Ribeye.The Waygu Gyoza with Truffle Sauce is amazing. Get this dish. The flavors of the meat and sauce are perfectly matched, accompanied only by the thin layer of dumpling dough. I highly recommend the Chocolate Lava Cake. The filling consists of a caramel sauce with slightly singed notes."}, {"review_id": "KXIqQC2mMJXMM1rzvqzeOw", "user_id": "FpNGrderunF_-4CKRqND4w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/5/2018", "text": "Make a reservation at least a few days in advance so you can ensure a seat at a nice table! The location is attached to a hotel and includes valet service. Upscale vibes and from experience it seemed like a place for a hot date! But I also saw friends and families too. The drinks were themed by Japanese deities!! And I've had some of the best tasting food I've ever had here. It's pricey, but WORTH it. The food is so so good. Note that the food is izakaya style so dishes are designed to be shared at the table. Stand-out menu items:gindara no saikyo miso yaki- black cod marinated in saikyo miso with homemade hajikameebi no tempurarock shrimp with lime and chili mayonnaise"}, {"review_id": "hTZ6wmRfamcNyeuvxRspbw", "user_id": "ruqe3slVDfXdXVMPtM976g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/31/2017", "text": "My wife and I were really excited to try this place after seeing so many great reviews of it.  We were well taken care of by Juliana, the hostess who went out of her way to find us a table because we had to cancel an earlier reservation and they were fully committed.  We definitely came hungry and ready to dive into the menu.  Our server was Joshua who was helpful and friendly.  I had a great glass of Vermentino with dinner and my wife had the Raspberry Passion Fruit Martini that was a home run.I will list the dishes that we had and what we thought about each one:Prawn & Black Cod Dumplings:  They were fantastic and not overcooked.  The sauce complemented them perfectly.Tiger Prawn Tempura:  It says you get 5 but there were 6 and we devoured them quickly.  Absolutely no greasiness to them at all which can be a common problem with tempura dishes.Giant Tiger Prawn:  This was the size of my arm and it was not just visually stunning but also quite flavorful and easy to eat.  Arjun Toro Roll:  My wife loved it and I enjoyed it although my favorite rolls tend to be with a firmer cut of fish rather than having it mashed up.Chirashi Maki:  Another excellent dish without any fishiness at at all.Madai Roll:  Very fresh and chilled to the optimum temperature.The entire experience was well worth the time and the cost.  We actually figured that it would be over $300 easy but the final bill was basically $300 on the nose.One other note was the vibe here which was off the charts good and it just had an exciting feel to it.  Not sleepy like some sushi restaurants or hotel places tend to be."}, {"review_id": "O70QSyhfNKhA6qwIde3qyA", "user_id": "KOYvzKAJ8M25daocMacflg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/20/2017", "text": "Phenomenal sushi! Really this place has some of the best sushi I've ever had. All the appetizers, Sushi, and cut rolls were great. The fish is super fresh. I highly recommend this place. The chirashi maki, spicy tuna roll, spicy yellowtail roll, and Arjun toro roll were all very good. They all were topped with some type of sauce and crispy flakes that complimented the rolls and added a nice touch. The Sushi hamachi, sake, and maguro were all very fresh and tasty. It all melts in your mouth. The salmon and tuna tartare is a very unique plate. They bring chips on the side with tuna and salmon on ice where you can smear them on the chip. It's very good. It's not easy to get a reservation here so get one early!"}, {"review_id": "CXnCXMeGvmQCnU-3-QAvfA", "user_id": "6ugwKV4nNEP-8PpS1Pd6Zw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/2/2018", "text": "Went there for a friend's birthday, OMG let me tell you, the food is delicious. It was 10 of us, we all ordered chef choice. I wasn't disappointed, but one thing is that I find the portion of the food a bit too little for the amount of people. They didn't serve all the dish at once, it was one by one. Everyone literally get one bite of everything, the food is already gone. The highlight of the night would be dessert. The brought out a bowl full of different kind of dessert, cake, candy , fruit , etc. Overall great experience, a bit too pricey, only come back for special occasion"}, {"review_id": "mRIq8VLV8ptbB2vM2-DBhA", "user_id": "dnHvmhmUgO2eLn-oJZdQbA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/9/2018", "text": "A really excellent experience all-around:  a nice, inviting space with high ceilings and a warm, open, spacious seating area; attentive, genuinely friendly, knowledgeable service (our server was clearly very proud of what the restaurant had to offer and had great recommendations); and most importantly, top-notch food and drinks.  We all got some zombie-themed mezcal drink which was refreshing yet complex and just perfectly smoky, which came in a fun skull-shaped ceramic mug with a little sombrero on the top.  So great, we each had two and I normally don't repeat drinks.  The standouts:  - MUSHROOM SALAD with herbs and ginger blossom (myoga to kinoko no attak salada) was fresh and light yet herbacious, really one of the best salads- TUNA & SALMON TARTAR served in a fun bento box and wooden spoon, served with lotus chips and rice crackers, a great way to start the meal -RICE HOTPOT with wild mushrooms and japanese vegetables, with an extra hit of shaved black truffle (kinoko no kama meshi) was honestly pretty incredible, the stuff dreams are made of.  Yes, it breaks the bank, but I highly recommend it especially at a work dinner, as in my case.  - ZUMA BAMBOO:  earl grey tea ice cream, a light but flavorful kinako cake, and cocoa crumble.  I probably wouldn't have ordered this but our server said it was her favorite and it really was delicious- BLACK COD marinated in miso was just perfectly cooked so it was lightly crispy on the edges, super packed with miso flavor, yet tender as could be on the insideI'll definitely be back."}, {"review_id": "ZzEACKYVS6IyEJAFDjawrg", "user_id": "NrJ9NeE9MpJtlU1bZpUywQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/16/2017", "text": "Came here to celebrate my bday and this place definitely doesn't disappoint! I would've ordered everything on the menu if I could but I would've had to take out a second mortgage on the house. The bill can get a little hefty especially if you're a fatass like myself. The food takes you to Flavortown and service was impeccable. I would highly recommend this place for any occasion!"}, {"review_id": "u8rqgXdENCCdjh4u_N8Rgw", "user_id": "M0AnYyp5EBMryhTNHR8oqQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/18/2017", "text": "Outstanding dining experience. Restaurants like Zuma are why I don't dole out five stars to too many restaurants. They're great but this is another level of greatness.Everything from beginning to end was perfection. The fish melts in your mouth, the sauces are paired perfectly with the dishes, the service professional and the ambience classy but lively.We did the traditional tasting menu and could not come close to finishing the last two which were steak and dessert, so if you love either, pace yourself or save room. Of the countless dishes the standout was the salmon with truffle oil - unbelievably smooth. The dirt cake I could barely fit in was worth the extra discomfort. Save your money and save lots of room for this exceptional dining experience."}, {"review_id": "cxkB8a-NvwoP0z69gRLQUA", "user_id": "fFLEmc5au7ryrjmKIyC-aw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/2/2017", "text": "This fancy restaurant is located inside the Epic hotel in Miami. I made a reservation and was swiftly accommodated upon arrival. The hosts, our waiter, and the servers were extremely attentive and polite. This is a must try place for romantic date or celebratory nights. Dranks: I tired a couple of their cocktails (I forget both their names now, but one was pink in color) and they were superb. My friend didn't like that a few of their drinks came in cute little vessels in the shape of a monkey or Buddha. But other than that, they really know what they are doing with their mixology. On to the food: they serve family sharing style of food which means that each items are small in portion and they're meant to be shared. So it's recommended that you order between 5-6 items between two people. Everything that we ordered I loved especially the huge prawn, the tuna cold appetizer and the bbqed corn. We also ordered the lobster miso soup which was spicy and delicious. We also ordered the sea bass which was so rich in flavor and delightful. Finally we ordered a spicy hamachi roll that I found to be very fresh and yummy. We ended up drinking and eating too much and didn't have any space left for dessert. I'm definitely coming back here again, before I leave Florida."}, {"review_id": "3xwHwmTl6N_Tj3F-A5uAig", "user_id": "uzb2jxTuLTYCk-EH2U-OBg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/9/2017", "text": "Came here for Miami Spice with fellow Yelpers. I've been here several times before but only for special occasions. Zuma is indeed quite pricey but their food and service stood the test of time as most high-end restaurants in Miami tend to close in less than 3 years. The cost of dining here is worth it but taking advantage of the $39 Miami Spice offer is even better.I ordered the 2 edamame to share with the group, 1 regular and 1 spicy (FYI, these were not part of Miami Spice). As usual, I preferred the spicy one. From the Miami Spice menu, I selected the Grilled Octopus with yuzu kosho and mint lemon cress for appetizer, Roasted Seabass with umami butter and avocado salad for main and Chocolate and Macha Slice for dessert. FYI, you also get complimentary Spicy Yellow Tail Rolls to share with the Miami Spice offer.3 things they do best here when it comes to food. Freshness, quality, and presentation. All items that I consumed from the Miami Spice menu were just that. Just be prepared when servers try to upsell you in ordering from the regular menu because some of us did. I also got delicious cocktails at the bar while I waited for the group but I forgot the name. Cocktails start at $15 and they do not have happy hour, ever. If you want to avoid the congested main entrance, street parking is 2 blocks away but they do have valet parking for $20 if you are patient."}, {"review_id": "oGoqc4CyloXG4W6hCAPOwA", "user_id": "WyrAEbdMIXWySoRXOEGB9g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/21/2018", "text": "I've been to Zuma twice now. Once about three years ago, the one dish that stuck out that first time was the mushroom hotpot, I remember completely being blown away by it. The second time was two days ago and of course I ordered the same dish again and it blew me away just the same.Salmon and Tuna tataki - perfectly balanced raw fish with citrus flavor and the crunch of what they bring you to scoop up the fish was perfect.  A very well balanced dish. Zuma Wagyu roll (the one that $22 for two pieces) - Honestly the most incredible thing we had all night. It was the first thing that arrived at the table, it was so good that at the end of the meal (before dessert) we ordered it again. Spicy Lobster Miso - meh, nothing to write home about, I wouldn't order it again, just because I think there are way better options on the menu.Seabass sashimi- incredible. the chef recommends eating each slice with some of the gold caviar that it comes with. Very much recommend. Porkbelly Skewers - So good, the literally melt in your mouth, and the apple dipping sauce that it comes with perfectly balances out the BBQ sauce on the pork. Mushroom hot pot - You need this in your life, its a lot of food. If two people ordered it, i recommend taking most of it home. As good as it is, you really don't want to get full on rice...Plum Scallops - There was a tangy almost vinegar flavor to them, that I have never had with a scallop. I really enjoyed the flavor combo of the plum sauce they used and the softness/crispiness of the scallops.Chilean Seabass - It was good, but I dont think I would order it again. I'm honestly saying this again, just because I think there are better things on the menu and would rather spend my calories and money on greatness not.... good-ness.Zuma chocolate molten cake - The only way to end a perfect meal, perfect amount of cake and melty stuff inside :)I recommend making a reservation, I have heard they never run on time, but not past 15 min behind which is nice. I am looking forward to trying Brunch here in the future!"}, {"review_id": "E9Fq6tngIPWybjAGU-IrvQ", "user_id": "JkpJ7EWztKKJi2kt-s0HAA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "10/17/2017", "text": "Came here to check out what the hype is all about with this Contemporary Japanese restaurant. It's located on the bottom floor of the EPIC Hotel that overlooks the Miami River. I dined here for a nice lil lunch at the bar. Asked for recommendations and decided to go with business lunch menu that the restuarant has prepared for all the professionals in the surrounding area. Started with the Miso Soup to get the flavor palate going, then to the Prawn & Black Cod Dumplings that had a nice lil dipping sauce to go with it. Spicy Chicken Skewers that sizzled my tastebuds. Last but not least I had for the main entree the Skirt Steak with Spicy Shiso Lime served with cilantro white rice. The food was amazing, presentation and all picture worthy. It matched the scenery of the Miami River in the background, and chic decor of the restuarant. Very nice fixtures and Sushi Bar that is conveniently located for your viewing pleasures. I'm sure whatever you select from their menu you'll be more than intrigued by either the name of it, taste, or the pairings.Enjoy!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/zuma-miami-2?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]