[[{"review_id": "xICDe0Lv0euTnDYkfjI-NA", "user_id": "rhh_3ilnUI-L0IjOjGMoIA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/23/2018", "text": "We love it all here at Tinta y Café!!!The atmosphere, service, the food, the coffee. Ahhh, the coffee. They are all always so attentive, friendly. We are treated as family because we visit once in a while. We would be here daily if lived around but the drive it's all worth it."}, {"review_id": "ywgUJqShsaqeLKadQb5pMA", "user_id": "zHWQe2LR1EgRSqvgO-A1ow", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "So I'm doing some power walking down Ponce de Leon  And I see this funky looking building with a crowd of people, which I find it's a little cafe.  There are tables outside and I see another family with a yorkie so of course I'm going to stop in to eat there.The space inside is cozy with a few tables, some books and a old cafeteria style counter. I sit there and go through the various sandwiches on the menu. Picking the eponymous \"Tinta\" sandwich,  a meataterian slice of heaven full of pork, cantinpalo, and prosciutto, I'm enjoying my lunch with the sweet caramelized onions. The place had a casual lunch vibe, easily 4 stars for the ocassion.I inquired and was told they didn't have dessert. Maybe the waiter forgot there was a chocolate croissant which I ordered and enjoyed. I even ordered a cortadito, dark. I got my bill, and was surprised with an extra 60 cents for coffee that was only a tad darker. This is the first time I notice this specific upcharge. I don't know if other places just average it in to the cost but it seemed along the lines of my \"favorite\" penalty of automatic gratuity.  It certainly cost them a star and (dis)honorable mention on my Autotip list. Yep, service issues are a big deal for me and a big influence on my reviews."}, {"review_id": "3gWXCXoh5Wt6UIz4HuUkXQ", "user_id": "3gJtANZ81saU1lC69dmJKQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "Went here today for the first time and let me just say that I really enjoyed it. The decor and vibe is amazing, it almost feels as if you've stepped into a house in the 1970s. Despite being a college student that spends most of her time behind a screen of some sort, I actually really liked the \"no wifi\" sign in front. Although I didn't try them today, it seems that the croquetas and empanadas are amazing, as a lady that came in after me bought every single thing that was left in the display. As far as the coffee and sandwiches go I'd give it a 5/5 (I had the \"Callejero\"). That being said, the only thing that kind of bothered me was the fact that when I arrived the two ladies at the cash register were busy speaking to each other and didn't really acknowledge that I was there for a couple of minutes. After asking to see a menu, they continued talking while I looked it over. When I was ready to order, I stepped closer to the cashier and again, the ladies continued talking. Again, after a couple of minutes, the girl took my order. Don't get me wrong, everyone was super friendly, but it's a little awkward having to stand there and wait for someone to notice me. After paying, I let the girl know that I would wait outside and she said no problem, she would let me know when it was ready. After 20 min outside I decided to check in on my order and the two ladies were again deep in conversation so I sat at the bar until one of the sandwich makers noticed me and asked me what I had ordered. At this point I was told that the lady at the ventanita had my sandwich.Overall, I would definitely go back to this place. The food was delicious and the coffee was strong and when people actually noticed me, everyone was very nice."}, {"review_id": "QGLVLUkvEUD2nngm3JLDfQ", "user_id": "c2G4iq5eOKqV8kMtOaRifA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/9/2018", "text": "This place is scrumptious! Do yourself a favor and get the mushroom empanada. When I showed they only had two left and I ordered both. I am sure the rest of the empanada selection is superb, I was only lucky enough to try that one. I ordered a cafe con leche, which was delicious and very much needed shot of energy.I asked our waitress (who was super friendly btw) what her favorite sandwich was and she told me \"el madurito\" which I naturally ordered and OMG! It was absolutely mouthwatering. The pork, caramelized onions and the fried plantains are the most evil combination on this menu. Please order it and thank me later...Excellent spot! Next time I need to make sure to come before or during lunch.  Today I walked in and a lot of things on their menu were gone, with good reason. Their food is outstanding.The spaces is super cool as well. Definitely a must try."}, {"review_id": "xXa9nyB8eG5JEeotBSvzVw", "user_id": "TJ3Eet8QgC-OgMLCI5oLxA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/19/2018", "text": "I went here for a small business meeting and was blown away.  Excellent coffee, superb sandwiches, convenient location--all at a great price point.First off, they have their own parking lot!  That's actually a unique feature compared to most places in the area.  There's PayByPhone parking, too.  I had the cafe con leche and this one is in my top 3.  I'm not a huge fan of super-sweet versions and this one is well balanced, to my liking.  Some of us prefer to taste coffee in our cafe.  Shameful, right?We snacked on a couple croquettes.  They were solid.  Definitely fresh, if not made to order.  I ordered one of their sandwiches that came with cilantro mayo.  Wow!  Crispy, buttery bread.  Each ingredient stands on its own.  For well under $10, I'm impressed by the size and quality.One thing that I like is the way they gently encourage their patrons to detach from their mobile devices and have a conversation.  Not only do they use signage for this, but they created a small living room styled set up in the middle of the interior.  You might just next next to a stranger--whoa!  Of course, you can always just stand in line at the coffee bar and strike up a conversation while eating at the window.  I'm glad I stumbled upon this place.  Wish I would've found it sooner!"}, {"review_id": "gbYP5vz-JpA6qNVxbpQGOQ", "user_id": "QmiU2D1k5DcA4nopu0Wh7Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/7/2018", "text": "OMG, how much do I love Tinta y Café?!  This place makes me want to move back to Miami.We passed Tinta by 2 or 3 times thinking it was a bookstore, it really does not look like a café from the road, and then when we did stop, it was a little difficult to find the door, it is around the side of the building.  But once we did make our way in, I fell in love. This place has delicious food, and their coffee is on point!  I had a white bean soup the first time that should have been called a come back soup, or vuelve soup, because that is why we returned the next day.   I love their employees, and I love their philosophy of coffee shop; you come to a coffee shop to converse and socialize, don't be a laptop or phone Zombie!I love this place.  It is a little hard to find, and parking is limited, but you have to try it."}, {"review_id": "BvRXUnTOe2YqrCr1HLV6sQ", "user_id": "2fsBenZXw9fVatnBluSOXw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/31/2017", "text": "Anyone that rates this place any less, doesn't get it. It's a great little family owned and operated gem! They have great coffee, it's designed to chill and enjoy the food. And that could be the best part of it all. The food is absolutely incredible. For this review, I'm going to recommend brunch. Get here early, the selection is limited and so good that it could run out. Here are some pics of what they had this we"}, {"review_id": "GAzHw1Qdw6id5sLx-9Jucw", "user_id": "bWdJqXjntC7009OJcjeUUA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/22/2017", "text": "A quaint sandwich shop in Little Havana. The seating is fairly limited with only three tables and eight seats at a bar area. There are a few sears outside as well. The music and decor present a hipster, comfortable and friendly vibe. Our group of three ordered the El Patria (classic Cuban sandwich), El Suizo (Swiss cheese with tomato and balsamic vinaigrette), and the namesake Tinta y Cafe (prosciutto, ham, red peppers and caramelized onions). The consensus was that the Suizo was the most flavorful (balsamic was really nice) and the other two sandwiches were relatively bland. I wish the mustard had more of a kick on the Patria; I had to add salt and pepper to the sandwich to give it more flavor. I would definitely return to try other options. Major bonus: they seem to be environmentally conscious with paper straws and take-out boxes!"}, {"review_id": "9EWOG5iek63cgXAIrvMW8w", "user_id": "1BEP0fWV8jcS_67mTyKpTA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/28/2018", "text": "Arrived in Miami for the first time and had yelped some breakfast places to go to to kill some time. I found this restaurant and thought why not?Good thing. I loved everything about this place. I asked the waitress (who was super sweet) what she recommended and she did not disappoint. I got \"a cajellero\" and it was delicious.I also shared a \"tostada con queso\" with a friend and it was a nice appetizer to our meals. To top it all off, the cafe con leche was perfect. Highly recommend and would definitely come back."}, {"review_id": "gfzAc9wBUg3auyiAAqy5Hw", "user_id": "NpvAWCia_qO_tSoIILVCGA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "5 Stars for Food. 0 stars for service. Came by for lunch on a Saturday and there were a few other guest but they weren't super busy. I sat at the bar right in-front of where they prep the food and no one greeted me. I'd say it took 5 minutes for someone to offer me a menu. I was there for about about another 10 minutes before I had to flag someone down to order a drink since the waitress was no where to be found. When I finally got the waitresses attention she had a super annoyed face. Coffee and croqueta came quick at least. I had the madurito sandwich and it was delicious. Cute place and awesome food. But the service was shitty."}, {"review_id": "d0hDp74AFlwrb-T1P5lQEw", "user_id": "KNI32keq5Xl2JYIppfDfHg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/4/2018", "text": "Had lunch at Tinta Y Cafe on Tuesday afternoon. Ordered a trio of Las Croquetas and the El Callejero Sandwich to eat and a Cafe Con Leche to drink.QualityAfter recently visiting Sansara for brunch, I was curious about the restaurant that is typically housed in the space. So, when I recently ended up in the area, I decided to check it out. I was glad to find the permanent fixture is just as impressive as the pop-up. I started my meal with a delicious Cafe Con Leche. Warm, sweet, and delicious. This was quickly followed by three Croquetas, one of each flavor, spinach, bacaloa, and ham. I personally found the ham one to be the best, but each one was a delicious small bite. Then was the main event, the El Callejero Sandwich. Chicken, proscuitto, cantimpalo, machego, carmelized onions, and cilantro mayo served on delicious and fresh bread. The bread is some combination of Cuban bread and a French baguette. Soft, yet crispy, it was a huge plus. The inside of the sandwich was delicious as well. I loved the combination of chicken with the dry-cured meats, and the cilantro mayo was tremendous. Honestly, I can't remember the last time I had such a hard time choosing a sandwich. Every single choice on the menu sounded great and I will definitely be back to try another soon.QuantityThe croquettes were the small and fat style, three of them made for a good sized treat. The regular sized sandwich is quite large and was very filling. I think the mini size would work for most folks.ValueThe prices are solid with sandwiches in the range of $7.50 to $12.00 for the regular size. Meanwhile, the small snacks like croquettes and empanadas ranged from $1 to $4. A very fairly priced breakfast or lunch, especially considering the high quality.AmbianceTinta Y Cafe is located in Coral Gables, situated north of Miracle Mile and close to the border with Little Havana. The location is pushed back a bit off the road, making it easy to miss. The building itself is quite cool looking and the space inside is also quite unique. As I believe may be a requirement to be considered a Cuban joint, Tinta Y Cafe has a cafecito window on the outside. Though this one was not as popular as the standard sit down service. Outside they have a few shaded tables, which is important because the inside space is small. When you enter on the left they have a small area set up for coffee and along the right they have a seating counter, which overlooks the open kitchen. There is a small window that connects the back kitchen, for more complex items, but the majority of prep is down in the front. There are a few tables inside as well as a little lounges area with couches. Smaller parties will likely need to sit at the counter. I did not love the bouncy stools at the counter and I also feel the seating is a little tight. The space is decorated in a very warm and homey fashion. Books and magazines are available and signs are up encouraging conversation rather than computer and phone usage. In the background soft Spanish music was playing to complete the relaxing mood.CrowdA small lunch crowd had gathered when I arrived. They do not have too many seats inside, so I ended up sitting at the counter. The tables and couches were all full and a few people chose to sit outside. Unlike many other spots with cafecito windows, it appeared this crowd preferred standard service over a take-out window. It was a younger crowd and it seemed like many people were regulars. When certain individuals walked in the staff immediately knew what to bring out.ServiceThe staff at Tinta Y Cafe is tremendous. Everyone working is so friendly and helpful. I also love how that attitude almost gets embedded on the customers. I will warn the food is a little slow to come out, so if you are on a limited timeframe this may not be the best lunch spot. But if you have time to sit back and enjoy some delicious food and coffee, this is a great spot.ParkingThey have a small private parking lot directly in front of the restaurant. During weekday lunch a few spots were open. There is also ample street parking throughout the nearby area.ExtraTinta Y Cafe is a fantastic sandwich and coffee shop. With unique flavors and flawless execution in a very comfortable setting, there is not much not to like. And it is crazy that somehow this little shop now hosts two of the best restaurants in Miami. Definitely give them a try."}, {"review_id": "MyAGpnHgY0YP4DIm-MW1OA", "user_id": "IC8G9aX-IGqsmVW_xZqe_w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/16/2018", "text": "This is definitely a gem in the middle of the gables !! Omg!! Me and friend decided to tried it out today and it was the best lunch ever !! The place is super cute , very inviting , atmosphere amazing , I was very impressed with the service and how you feel like you've been there a bunch of times since the beginning! The menu was very easy to read and you feel you want to order everything because everything reads and looks so good!! I ordered the \"el bori\" sandwich HEAVEN !! It was prosciutto, manchego cheese and omelette with the best bread in history! Warm and ready to eat ! I also had a cappuccino which was perfectly made!! I will definitely keep coming back here and I will recommend it to EVERYBODY I know !!!!!!!!"}, {"review_id": "7uFZiEeLASIlYzWU-4G9rQ", "user_id": "YxvIZ48XL5KRYRxNvSEYQw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "Love, love, love! The Tropicana and the Pavo Real are both scrumptious. And their flan is the best I've ever had! Delicious cortadito, comparable to Abuela!"}, {"review_id": "54wySyHr2zlgPDw7ZGb8rA", "user_id": "hVsgBruRhIZTJUdkx3F4ZQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/29/2018", "text": "BEST Cuban sandwich I've ever had! The whole staff is super friendly and sweet. I love starting my day with Tinta y Café"}, {"review_id": "mQr0YXMYXITYkhKBAWTj9Q", "user_id": "tgc4EiUhLO8nlws4Uy0fOQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "8/6/2017", "text": "Came here for a breakfast. They have a lot of sandwiches and I couldn't really decide, so I got the sandwich that had the same name as the cafe.El \"Tinta y Cafe\" - pork, prosciutto, manchego, roasted red peppers, caramelized onions.It comes in such a small form but it's going to fill you up. They have a \"regular\" size and a \"bigger\" size so if you feel like eating more or can eat a lot, get the bigger size! The cuban sandwich is toasted so well and comes out really quickly. The meat feels grounded up and makes the sandwich more of a bite size feels. Comes with (fried banana chips?) or just regular chips on the side. Can't really tell. Also, needs some spicy feeling in here haha.They also have small snacks. They have $1.00 pastelitos (guava, guava & cheese, cheese, or meat) It's not as big as the ones you'll see at other places *also because it's a pastelito, but it's enough to get a taste feel of the wonderful guava taste that comes out of here.I also got an iced cafe con leche which was actually pretty smooth and a bit on the stronger side. Less on the sugar side which is good :D. Give it a try~There's not that many places to park here but we got really lucky cuz someone was just leaving. Service here is good and they are quick to come out with your food and drinks! It IS like a cafe where everything just comes out quickly and you have that cool relaxed casual feels here. Have fun~"}, {"review_id": "UwXDcgopXf2prSlLeNzq6w", "user_id": "0N5mFtjjgLSXF7IRQ0Pmzg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/11/2018", "text": "QUICKIE REVIEWYes, yes, and yes.  Sandwiches are well worth it.  Don't cheat yourself, stop by and get something. FOODHere is what I had:-El Tinta y Café - it is the name of the restaurant for crying out loud, of course it is going to be good.-Las Croquetas (ham) - deep fried goodnessThe sandwich was really good for me.  Bread was somehow both soft and crispy. All the contents of the sandwich harmonized and melted in my mouth.  Banana chips that came with it were also soft and fresh.  I can honestly say I never had a sandwich like that before and will have to come back here to have another one like it again. Croquetas was nothing but deep friend goodness.   PARKINGThere are a couple spots in front of it.   Street parking is what you are going to be doing.  Good news, at least you don't have to pay for street parking.SERVICE & DECORI ordered at the window and ate outside.   I was enjoying not being rained on for a change. PRICE$20 got me a good meal and included tip."}, {"review_id": "qAzobkwsJ8zPXuc-XSbM8w", "user_id": "84mP5CrJ4WpUA0wFN3OR4g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/6/2018", "text": "What a little gem this place is.  My family and I stopped in late one afternoon looking for a quick bite to eat and fell instantly in love with this restaurant.  While the parking lot and restaurant is tiny (3 tables indoors and bar seating) the food will blow your mind.  I ordered the Canela sandwich, which had manchego cheese, turnkey, prosciutto and a cilantro sauce that I wanted to bathe in! The french baguette that it came on was soft, toasty and absolute goodness.  For dessert, we had to try the flan which was beyond good and inhaled in less than 1 minute.  Another great way to end the meal was with a delicious cafe con leche. This place did not disappoint and I will definitely be back."}, {"review_id": "2IXwBegKpHPjYaKfG3IgRw", "user_id": "QljBzUHatUA-skzvDcW9fA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "8/6/2017", "text": "Parking lot is wide with about 9 spots, but street parking is plentiful on a standard weekday. But note, their new location is equally as small as their original with 4 (maybe 5) tables and bar seating. Be prepared to wait!I had first eaten at Tinta when it was still on 8th street, and delicious fumes wafted out the walk up window. Here, they petitioned Coral Gables and it looks like they were successful in getting their ventanita (looks like, but I'm not sure where they stand yet).The last time I visited their Ponce location with friends, the staff was incredibly nice. Our party had arrived at different times, and they were accommodating. When we finally ordered (el caleña and a sachi mocha for me, and both go without saying but we're utterly delicious), the food was quick to come out and the staff checked in on us throughout our meal. It helped that there was an adorable baby present, but a few of the staff touched him without checking with mom first. That's a no-no, always ask!They're open on Sundays now, but it was pretty busy today. And that means walking in and nobody acknowledges or speaks to you. We took a look at the menu, which seemed to be a special brunch menu without any of their delicious sandwiches, and overheard one of the chefs tell a diner that they aren't making any today. We stood at the front entrance, making eye contact with both staff and patrons for a hot minute until it got uncomfortable and we left.I'd come back again for the food, it has never disappointed, but probably to go due to their limited seating options and hit-or-miss service."}, {"review_id": "N5UNiS5LfAH8BOtWezQ3Ew", "user_id": "ye2jNiW80de1AcJyRslm8Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "7/18/2017", "text": "I'm not a huge fan of sandwiches. Simply because I don't like biting into it and getting stuff stuck in my teeth.  But I would be willing to walk around with my teeth full of stuff for the sake of enjoying these sammies!I ordered the Suizo Derretido. It's a simple Swiss & tomatoes with olive oil & delicious balsamic.  It was delicious! My husband had the Croqueton which was also very, very good.  The meat was piled on and the croqueta was delish! I seriously do not know how he finished the whole thing. The place is tiny, but cozy. The staff was friendly & welcoming. Oh, and they have their own free parking lot. Major points for that! I can't wait to return & try more of their offerings."}, {"review_id": "jbEVOVaBd_Ybh08McfSXDg", "user_id": "b92QyCLLYlGN1exuTFLIQw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/2/2018", "text": "I used to miss when this place was in the Brickell area (when I still lived in the brickell area) but once I moved to the South Miami area and realized the new location was closer to me, I couldn't have been happier. First, the new location is much bigger than the last one. So you can actually have a seat inside and enjoy their food and coffee. I've had their Nutella Melt, their Croquetta Preparada (one of my favs), and their coffee... EVERYTHING is great!!! Must try place, definitely!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/tinta-y-caf%C3%A9-miami-2?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]