[[{"review_id": "ejpgW7E_llLdrcqiU_EJRA", "user_id": "iYPUiSpWDwwPABoPns10-Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/23/2018", "text": "Hands down the best restaurant on the popular Restaurant Row! From the service to the flaming banana fosters dessert, you can't go wrong dining here. I first tried Eddie V's during Orlando magical dining and have been back several times since. Request Amy as a server. She is phenomenal, attentive, & truly will add to your dining experience. The bread is served warm and a great start to the meal. I recommend the tomato salad and the lobster tacos which are also on the happy hour menu. For an entree I highly suggest the Parmesan crusted sole (it is quite large so it is good to share, ask your server and they can accommodate splitting the portion without any additional charge). Regardless of what you choose for your main course you can't go wrong. Just be sure to save room for dessert! Their special Banana Foster Butter cake is hands down my favorite dessert. It is served with butter pecan ice cream & caramelized banana slices on top.. it will leave you licking the plate with no shame whatsoever! I most recently celebrated a double birthday dinner there. A happy birthday card was set on the table as well as rose petals. Our waitress Amy, wished happy birthday when she got to the table and let each person pick any dessert off the menu compliments of the chef. A nice treat and special touch that no other restaurant can compete with. I look forward to returning soon whether it be a special occasion or just a wonderful evening out with great food and drinks!"}, {"review_id": "VE-uca5ZixiZAXLTklrCWQ", "user_id": "RiYyHnx_ylO06el5IOAQag", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/5/2018", "text": "Man I usually go to a bunch of steakhouses back home in Cali.  Masteros, Ruth Chris, Morton's are some of my fave.  First time at Eddie Vs was a superior experience than the competitors I just stated.  Trust and thank me later, here's what u need to order.  1.  The Maine Lobster taco = it's a hot soft taco lobster with corn, cheese and other stuffing.  Really good, I would just come here and eat 4 tacos as a meal lol.  1 order comes out with 2 tacos.  2. Caesar Salad = nice cuts of green plenty of cheese and flavor.  Went well with the tomahawk prime rib3.  Tomahawk ribeye = we got medium and they nailed it perfect.  The outside was burnt crisp with flavor and inside was perfect softness.4. White truffle Mac n cheese= must get if u love cheese or Mac n cheese5. Crab fried rice = was good but not great.  It went well with the sea bassHope u like the review.  Click and vote and lmk."}, {"review_id": "1bM3BoSitkO_tIwQhRyE2A", "user_id": "1hhHN_9dLKPy3VtmS0NenQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/25/2018", "text": "Beautiful restaurant! The service was excellent and the portion were just perfect size for a nice light diner.The tables are well set-up and not too close to each other which provide intimicy.They also have live music.Definitely recommend this place for a nice romantic diner"}, {"review_id": "HhcK878K4ZOldn9bY51CVw", "user_id": "AXjHVxklbeyrZwcP4oge7A", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/13/2018", "text": "Eddie V's located on Boy Scout Rd, across from International plaza. No self parking available, only valet. There's a hidden garage behind the restaurant where you could park. Just make sure to park on the second floor. Its quite nice inside the restaurant except i didn't care for the lighting. There are no outside seating available. We were there to celebrate my bestie's birthday. We had 9 people in our group and they had us sit across from the bar. Then there was live music, omg! It was so loud, i couldn't hear what the person next to me was saying.  I really thought they would've sat us in a better place since it was birthday dinner. The food was good but i just couldn't enjoy the celebration since it was too loud inside the restaurant."}, {"review_id": "pB-ABVP0s2uqL_8LFFMw-g", "user_id": "x9eMLPCzldJIgte-HnBCVQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "12/28/2017", "text": "I have to be honest. It's a chain so we were skeptical to go - I'm not a chain type of gal. First impression, Wow! It's absolutely gorgeous inside. The whole mood setting with the music in the bar area, great wine list. Food. My husband and I both chose the filet. We also tried the Brussels sprouts and crab fried rice. Yes, it was good. But not great. Steaks were prepared to perfection with a nice crisp and seasoned well - not too much, which I like. But I've had same or better. Our rice was dry. Brussel sprouts were drowned in bacon grease. A place to see and be seen. Not a place to go back because the food is Oh so good!"}, {"review_id": "VEXW3gd9ZGmqVaZ3wBCCTg", "user_id": "FFLrxFluMXXMfEtsjzGepA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/31/2018", "text": "I wish I could give this place 10 stars because this is one of the best restaurants I've ever eaten at!! We arrived late (around 10:30 pm) as usual, but that was no problem and we sat at the bar area. There a live blues band playing that really set the mood. Unfortunately, they left soon after because it was pretty late. We had an amazing server, Eddie, who was absolutely charming, funny, and really made our dining experience very enjoyable despite the fact that we ended up being the only people at the restaurant. I ordered the 24k drink which a very strong mix of champagne, vodka, and something else, an overall pretty yummy drink that had me giggling half way through. Eddie recommended the crab cake, of which I was initially skeptical, but OH MY GOD, it was TO DIE FOR. It was made of almost all crab, which so soft and melt in your mouth, with the perfect amount of crunch from the bread crumbs. It was just.. so fluffy and light to eat. I wished they made bigger, entree sized ones, so DEFINITELY GET THE CRAB CAKES!For entree, we ordered the steak, butterfish, and crab fried rice. The steak was phenomenal! Seasoned and cooked to a perfect medium. It was beautifully charred on the outside and soft and tender on the inside. I think this was one of the best steaks I've ever tried! As for the fish, I wasn't too much of a fan of, just because I personally did not like the flavors but the dish, itself, was really good! The fish was cooked perfectly, again, and was so tender to dig my fork through. In fact, the meat just naturally broke apart at its layers. The crab fried rice was unlike anything I've had before. Usually fried rice is a lot of soy sauce but I swear I could not taste it in there. I was so fully from the crab cake and the butter fish but I kept on eating.. Make me stop!But Eddie did not let us stop there.. And I'm so glad because I had the most mind-blowing creme brûlée ever! There was a crunchy layer of torched sugar on top of the brulee which I personally didn't like because I felt that it detracted me from the soft, creamy part underneath. The creme brulee was not too sweet, not dense, and super fluffy. I definitely recommend this restaurant to everyone who's feeling a bit fancy or if you want just really excellent food. I'd recommend coming in stretch pants though so you can fit as much delicious food as possible!"}, {"review_id": "9S1FN3minQcMzOWNLx-s_Q", "user_id": "G9lXcVyIGgBuY0y0n-le4A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/6/2018", "text": "This place is surreal. Every thing we ate was ridiculous delicious.The waiter was also spot on all the time. He explained the whole menu, plate by plate, how each dish is done. They encourage substitutions and are happy to suggest them.At the table we had a rib eye stake, cod, sea bass and a lobster tail. All of them were super well prepared. The crab rise and the crab cake are simply a must have and so is the sorbet."}, {"review_id": "-wK57Qc8hBdnqwOCQXfXew", "user_id": "8tpHcVFr72k99arLW40_Mg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "Beautiful restaurant but I wasn't impressed. I honestly don't even remember what I ate here.. maybe I need to go back and try again. It was nice though"}, {"review_id": "WVTpXeXKvk1HQD87QzW8zQ", "user_id": "smYTXRV8PI9BO6S3uiJ-ig", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "This is a sister property to Capital Grill ! The food was excellent and the cocktails were  delicious ! The entertainment was nice ! So few places have that ! Highly recommend an evening here! You won't be disappointed !"}, {"review_id": "0LRgLIK0CTEt38Y394W10g", "user_id": "e_uW_B-E9VzvseFO7efTEA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/30/2018", "text": "My wife ordered the tuna which is the first picture posted in this review.  The tuna is extremely thick and is beautifully placed on top of a bed of rice.  The fish was very flavorful.  I ordered the ribeye and had it cooked medium.  Overall the steak was good although the edges were more charred than I prefer.  The ribeye cut is my favorite for steaks.  I believe that other restaurants ( such as Flemings and Ruth Chris) have better ribeye steaks; however, it may be an unfair comparison given Eddie V's is a prime seafood restaurant whereas the others I mentioned are prime steakhouses.  For our sides we enjoyed the crab fried rice (topped with chucks of crab meat) and broccolini.  Overall, the quality of the food was really good and consistent with what you would expect, but we aware that the prices are high for most dishes."}, {"review_id": "psGYd0AbA0scWl4_WAU7Rg", "user_id": "dLeQWcavoGKfof59f3Y6uQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/16/2018", "text": "My boyfriend wanted to take me out for a nice night. We came to Eddie V's and was not disappointed. Our waitress Brittany S. was great. She knew the menu and everything that was on it. We ordered our side and she gave us the best recommendations. Our sides were the sauteed spinach and the au gratin potatoes. We ordered the small and it was more than enough for both of us with extra. The au gratin potatoes were chunks of potatoes instead of slices, much tastier. We each got the Atlantic salmon dinner and it was a good portion of salmon. I ordered the 24 Karat drink and Ty ordered the Sparkling Ruby, they were delicious. Of course the price at Eddie V's is on the higher end, but the portions and what you get is very well worth it. A place we will be back for when we want a nice elegant night out."}, {"review_id": "7NdTr93vbhoH5lAdXkHW1g", "user_id": "bHmcVeNy4x1yzSwLNw4xAA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "7/4/2017", "text": "My fiancé and I came here to celebrate our anniversary and could not have been more impressed. From the valet guy, Eddie, when you first arrived, to the quick seating, to the amazing waiter, Nathan, and the spectacular food, this was a real treat.  We asked for Nathan's opinion on quite a few things as this was our first time here and he gave us plenty to consider. We ordered the shrimp cocktail to start and it tasted so fresh you would've thought we ordered it at a restaurant on the beach.  For our main course, I ordered the scallops and my fiancé ordered the South African lobster.  Talk about decadent!!  The scallops melt in your mouth and taste so fresh that you can't imagine eating it any other way.  The lobster was so rich, it didn't even need anything with it.The service was so respectful and really made us feel at home.  There's even a nice lounge to listen to music and have drinks in afterwards if you feel like just relaxing after the most amazing meal of your life.  Thank you to everyone who made that night extra special! We will definitely be returning!"}, {"review_id": "5OHkxdD5YMJJ9tin3u9ifg", "user_id": "zShZM_7gg8cQ8RqNteEPgQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/7/2017", "text": "Came here to celebrate a promotion at work and I can say that this place serves the best steak I have EVER sank my teeth into! Our waitress was very kind, explained everything very clearly, spoke with us about the specials and make some great recommendations! I had the wedge salad and an amazing filet mignon. They have a wonderful Smokey old fashion drink that they serve on a smoked piece of wood. Of course we had to end the night with a the flaming banana foster! Great place to go for anniversary, celebrations, or a romantic date. We will defiantly be back!"}, {"review_id": "hspaeGos_cwhUCWFbPy9gw", "user_id": "TnzYJgqrglyqaC0ja3pdjw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/13/2018", "text": "My favorite place to indulge and be treated to superior food, drinks and service! Their Crab Cakes are absolutely delicious with the number one ingredient being Crab not breading! From the food to the drinks to the service and atmosphere, it's obvious that their primary focus is quality not volume and profits which is why we are faithful repeat customers! I recommend requesting Sameera. She's warm, friendly and professional and always takes excellent care of us!"}, {"review_id": "4GZp5BqCksw4H6FkPp8lFw", "user_id": "fHQUmAJuextpVXs81SI_7w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/9/2018", "text": "Had dinner last night. Best steak I have ever had! Service was spot on. This was my first time there but will be a regular there when I come to Tampa. The south African Lobster that my wife had was excellent and she is a lobster lover."}, {"review_id": "nZkfk4gV6Ly0FuzXiuzgZw", "user_id": "IIe6WIrx9ZJBzg7d7sEzSg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/4/2017", "text": "Wow what an experience. The service, the ambiance, the food... This is definitely a prime steakhouse. Reservations are recommended, but not sure if necessary. They have a user friendly website to make reservations.They were very busy on a Saturday night. They offer complimentary valet, so just pull right up front. The gentlemen are just that, and open the door for ladies. Reservations were for 8:15 pm for a party of 2, and we waited about 10 minutes past our reservation time. No big deal. When we were seated by the hostess, our waiter promptly arrived and greeted us by name. He made suggestions on the menu, and went over all the specials. He was very knowledgeable about market prices and ounces of steaks and other meats. He made recommendations, and we took advantage of some.For an app, we had lobster bisque and crab corn chowder. I must say, both were great, but the bisque was the best I've ever had; rich and creamy. I almost licked the bowl, but then caught myself! The bread and butter was so good we asked for a refill. I ordered a cocktail called 24 carat. They definitely do not hold back on the liquor. It was strong, but so good. Entrees were a 26oz dry aged long bone steak and lamb chops. Both were great, but the lamb chops were best. We mentioned it was our anniversary, and we were given a complementary dessert.Overall this was a great experience. Definitely a place to dine for special occasions. Also, around 9pm a jazz band began to play softly in the bar area."}, {"review_id": "5PjGO-7bZO7ESzts1FeSpA", "user_id": "20bBIeuBi4GWYAvvQmpIUg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/13/2018", "text": "Arrived late, 10:30, no problem, sat at the oyster/raw bar so we could enjoy the playoffs. We were greeted and table settings placed, ordered our cocktails- smoked old fashioned served table side off a smoking wood board, great flavor- the chocolate bitters added to the flavor. Despite us sitting at the raw bar, warm towels were then presented- nice touch ;) We were late night so we ordered the most delicious oysters- mucchi(sp?) from the west coast & an east coast selection. Beautiful briny fatty flavor- who doesn't love a salty fatty oyster?!!!Ordered the lobster bisque on a cold night- rich- would have preferred less short-fingered claw meat but rather the real claw- but oh well. Brussels with onion and bacon- WOW- I am trying to figure out how to report that flavor. Lobster tacos up next- sweet lobster house made corn tortilla shell with 60/40 mix corn to flour making corn he shell hold together nice, not crumbly like a full corn shell. Fresh greens to top it off. Godiva cake to finish. Overall great service- even better people watching- real housewives of Tampa Bay or 'paid' dates, or just reg peeps being fab for the night. Either way, it was fun- we will be back - be ready to spend some $$&$$$"}, {"review_id": "4Zsz3_WPQQqxeXiMFW1UFA", "user_id": "sraTrYU-7q_bQ0TxQrLJvQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/5/2017", "text": "Eddie V's Prime Seafood & Steak Restaurant is an upscale classy seafood & steak restaurant located off Spruce Street next to McAlister's Deli, Roy's Hawaiian Fusion Restaurant, Fleming's Prime Steakhouse & Wine Bar, Lee Roy Selmon's Sports Bar & Grill, International Mall, Ocean Prime Seafood Restaurant, and Capital Grille Steakhouse. I highly recommend calling ahead to make reservations and especially if it's for a birthday or an anniversary as they will note the computer to decorate the table for your special occasion. I also recommend asking for non-rushed service when you call ahead with your reservation. When I didn't ask for non-rushed service on a previous occasion, we got a non personal, non upscale style experience worse than I've experienced at the neighborhood chilis from our waiter. On my most recent visit, We were greeted by concierge and promptly sat at a comfy private booth with birthday decorations and even a birthday card! That extra touch was very thoughtful and appreciated!     For our entree, we ordered the Swordfish Steak Broiled with Jumbo Lump Crab, Avocado, Cilantro and Red Chile (5/5) We also ordered the George's Bank Scallops sautéed with Citrus Fruit, Roasted Almonds and Brown Butter. (5/5) We also ordered the Jumbo Gulf Shrimp grilled \"Oreganata Style\" with Jumbo Lump Crab (5/5) Our entrees were paired with a la cart side of Au Gratin Cheddar Potatoes. They were super cheesy, well roasted, and delicious! I highly recommend this side! (5/5) The Current Market Price for Two 9 oz South African Lobster Tails, Broiled with Drawn Butter and Lemon was a whopping $88, while the 8 oz Filet Mignon and Broiled Cold Water Lobster tail was $81, and the 8 oz Center Cut Filet Mignon was $40, which is a bit more than Bern's Steak House and Flemings Steak House but about the same as Ocean Prime and less than Capital Grille. For Dessert, we had the Hot \"Bananas Foster\" Butter Cake, Flambéed Tableside and Served With Small Batch Butter Pecan Ice Cream! It was delicious and quite an attention grabber because it is served on fire! (5/5) On another occasion, we also had the Hot Chocolate Godiva Cake served with Vanilla Bean Ice Cream. It was also delicious but not as exciting as it was not on fire! (5/5) For Happy Hour Monday through Sunday 4-7PM, you can enjoy $8 craft cocktails including the Real McCoy, the Spicy Margarita, the Perfect Martini, & the Bulleit Sour, $8 wines by the glass, $8 teasers including lobster and crab wantons, lollipop lamb chops, blackened fish tacos, marinated filet mignon steak sandwiches, salt and pepper shrimp, and 5 styles of oysters on the half shell.  I was surprised to find out that Eddie V's is one of the few restaurant not open for lunch. They open at 4pm only.  In Eddie V's lounge area, there's a live band playing every night from 630-1030PM and they're very talented! To get reservations in the live lounge room, you must call at least a week in advance! You can also enjoy the music from the bar which is first come first serve. I look forward to coming back and hearing more of the live band again soon!"}, {"review_id": "Sqavxk3pHDqJ575j-3gpCA", "user_id": "OPmUPqaHb8vqooamiamWNg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/15/2018", "text": "This place is classy.  You better dress when coming here.  I ordered up the Maverick for my drink.  It's made with vodka, st Germaine, lime, cucumber and jalapeño.  What a great drink.  For an appetizer I order a 1/2 doz of 3 kinds of oysters.(mayflower points, pink moon and kusshi).  The best one in my opinion was kusshi.  I order the lobster tacos and those were completely amazing.  My wife had the lobster bisque and lobster chunks were bigger than golf balls.  Huuuge!  The sides are shareable and we order the Brussels sprouts with bacon and onions. We ended with Godiva chocolate cake with a scoop of vanilla.  The service was top notch.  Don't go if you your pockets are light.  This place is expensive.  I will go back one day to eat other things on the menu.  Great place."}, {"review_id": "n2Fuy9pJuhGvBkWoauARdg", "user_id": "ifAAMtrL4Lx4e9ypmsjQ2g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "Best you can get as far as steak and seafood go in Orlando!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/eddie-vs-prime-seafood-and-steaks-tampa?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]