[[{"review_id": "cORpq7A1X9ljTytMgYwOCA", "user_id": "S05ZTK-JZ_yuISG-yjqjtQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "If you're from out of town and want some excellent food, come here! I had the steak saltaledo with some sangria. The steak was amazing! It was juicy, flavorful and it has this really nice smokey taste. My mouth was watering just looking at it. The yellow rice is amazing too. It had a LOT of flavor and did not disappoint.My favorite part was dessert. The white chocolate pudding bread will bring me back from the San Francisco  bay area. Its by far the best dessert I've ever had. If I could give it 6 stars, I would. Don't second guess this establishment and visit this restaurant. The food was amazing, the atmosphere is awesome and the service was excellent. Hats off to you!"}, {"review_id": "qJ5kwfwSs3eguuywK94-UQ", "user_id": "HAErbO6w0-orrgQh_6DoBQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "Great ambience in the restaurant, lots of things to see as your sitting waiting to be served.The monitor drinks are absolutely perfect. I had the supreme shrimp, they were very tasty and a cup of the bean soup. All entrées have fresh warm bread served with them, so good!Service was fast and just really good. Nice to be served by staff that know what the dishes are.  Would highly recommend this place to anybody passing through or staying in Tampa."}, {"review_id": "6Ix4EqexexKbXOUonIdQPA", "user_id": "FAogo781ydvxkgA63tQm0g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "Never had a bad meal here.  Service is excellent.  I love the grouper.  Just took my mom to Columbia for her 95th birthday.  This is a place she frequented when she was in her twenties.  She still loves it.  I still love it.  I get the grouper when we go and it's always delicious.  The last time I had the Grouper Jimmy.  It was perfectly cooked and delectable.  I have also had the Grouper Bilbao.  Also, a great dish made ins the Basque tradition.We also always get the 1905 salad.  It's always perfectly dressed.The martinis are perfectly made as well.We'll be back."}, {"review_id": "2q9CUXn14Rdxt6hsmXquJw", "user_id": "TB2SpGebhE84RvMI0I-WAw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "This is the original Columbia restaurant and an absolute must to visit! First of, the building is gorgeous and huge. Even though it's ginormous, they are always busy and there is usually a wait but it's totally worth it. I must recommend their 1905 salad! What we usually do (depending on the size of our party) is get the full salad and share it as an appetizer while we wait for our food. Also sangria is a must have, they make it fresh right in front of you and the experience is wonderful. For entrees, everything I had there was delicious. If you like sandwiches, try their Cubano sandwich A little tip: if you order paella, be aware it takes a long time, I believe we had to wait for that the longest, but of course it was phenomenal and worth it."}, {"review_id": "oM7rfrNsFVmClgh27S2sqA", "user_id": "Q41Q24UCFsNAS8gZdFnVUg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/2/2018", "text": "We went here for lunch a week ago after seeing the great reviews. The city of Ybor is a must visit because of it's history, but Columbia Restaurant is just ok. Maybe it's because I expected so much after reading the reviews, but when we got there the service was not great. We were sat by the hostess and we could see that the server for that section was having a little issue with one of his tables. We waited for about seven minutes and he finally came over to tell us he will be a moment. Then we waited another seven minutes before he came over to greet us. I would have appreciated him either asking his manager or another server to come over greet us and maybe take a drink order for him that way we just weren't there waiting. By the time he did come over to the table I felt bad because was so exhausted dealing with the other table that you could tell he just wanted lunch shift to be over. We ordered a couple of mojitos and asked for the soup to come out first. We waited awhile again, but this time for the mojitos (which were delicious). Then our meal all of a sudden appeared with a food runner and we never received the soup. Our server Tyson, came over to the table and asked the food runner to bring the meal back to the kitchen. The soup came to the table and it was very good. Along with the half a loaf of bread they give you, it was very pleasant. In the time that we waited I did notice that the bartenders were eating behind the bar with rubber gloves on then going back to cutting fruit. I'm pretty sure you're not allowed to eat behind the bar. For our meal we had the chicken with yellow rice, stuffed mushrooms and stuffed peppers. All of which were delicious, but not served hot. I think they may have left the plates under a heat lamp since they brought out the meal before the soup. I believe this place is coasting under the fact that it is a landmark and think that they can get away with subpar service and food because of it. Also, I understand the building is old and historic, but it doesn't mean it has to smell that way. I don't mean this to be rude, just my honest opinion. I have high expectations when I go out as well as everyone should if you are paying for a service.  I hope this review helps people make a decision with if they want an ok time compared to something else that the city offers."}, {"review_id": "WhDjNDFpc2btKtOis63pIg", "user_id": "F6MPrQ5oxQL2Wq1v5ENDzA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/3/2018", "text": "Every time I am in Tampa, I get to the Columbia restaurant.   The decor, the service and the quality of the food have been excellent for many many years.   We sat in the main dining hall with the beautiful handpainted tiles.    I got El Combo de Cuba and everything on the plate was delicious.   The pork, the rice, the beef.   Excellent.Check it out.  Plenty of parking across the street but it does get filled up quickly."}, {"review_id": "box6LzV2j-2tlMOr2vP9Qw", "user_id": "69UU-RnjvGucpfu1zYXmUQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/24/2018", "text": "O.....M......G Comparing  this to similar restaurants,This restaurant was opened in 1905. The decor was museum-like and, in of itself, an activity. There was tile art of Cervates' Don Quixote and other art showing various Spanish conquests. Totally and entirely politically incorrect-- but the historical aspect of it was my only  interest and it was great to be able to look, listen and learn for sake of looking, listening and learning. The restaurant had balconies where patrons could eat and the artwork there was also stupendous. There was no piped in music--or if there was, maybe I just did not hear it. I guess folks from the 1900s were less imposing and more respectfully of others auditory space.  Also, guess what? Incandescent bulbs!!!  Bright, luminary and energy-chugging incandescent light. Finally, I could see!  I reckon folks from the 1900s cared more about senior citizens and others with bad eyes being able to see, and less about a boot-on-the-neck approach to power consumption. The Paella (short for para ella, or \" for her\") was so good--perfectly good for all pronouns, kids, adults, and everyone. The rice/risotto was the best I ever head. The scallops, shrimp, clams, octopus tasted perfectly cooked and awesomely seasoned.  Could there have been more of the seafood and a little less rice-- sure, yeah....I suppose. That said, if you are looking for the gargantuan super sized glutinous meals, there's probably an all-you can eat Chineese food buffet down the road that pours vats of Kung Pao Chicken into serving troughs.The dessert was a chocolate cake with strawberries. Let me tell you this, one spoon of this moist cake and fresh strawberry wonder and you will become cataplectic. Blood sugar problems--bump your insulin and try sum, it's worth it. There is only a handful of \"Last-Meal Restaurants\" on my list--this is one of them. Hands down. this is not a trough and"}, {"review_id": "68esa2cLF5R2PHBf31D2Gg", "user_id": "x-aHM9y-vc5l2-XK4G6z1A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/18/2018", "text": "This is a must for bringing out of town guests. It is one of the places I like to take people because it is historic, and awesome. It is also one of my favorite places in Tampa Bay.My friend from New York was visiting so she and I and another one of her friends visiting the area, met at the Columbia. We did have reservations, but my friend was late due to Tampa traffic, so we ended up with a table in the bar. You should get reservations if it is on the weekend. There are a lot of parking lots for the restaurant around the block, but if you don't want to bother, there is also valet. If you are going here for the first time, or bringing guests here, I would recommend booking for one of the flamenco shows. It is something you don't see everywhere. I have been to the show and it is cool. It is only a couple extra dollars per person to do it.The paella is really good but on this occasion I had a 1905 salad and the Red Snapper \"Adelita.\" I go to the Columbia location in the History Center downtown quite a lot (before shows at Amelie Arena) and my favorite part about a visit to any Columbia is the 1905 salad and the bread. I could really just eat salad and bread and be happy but the entree was wonderful as well. The fish was cooked perfectly and I love all the veggies they cover use to cover the fish.My friend said her grouper was also great and her friend said his steak was delicious. He did not want the broccolini so I took it home with my leftovers. Yum! As for drinks, they are known for their sangria and mojitos but they have a full bar if that doesn't strike your fancy.One more thing, there is a dress code but it is pretty relaxed from \"the good old days.\" Main thing to know is men cannot wear sleeveless shirts.Have fun!"}, {"review_id": "9dERkCsD5dl4u1s2xyvkpA", "user_id": "kV3VREP4Kf25AgV04-oMEg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/11/2018", "text": "If you are in Tampa visit this iconic restaurant- a century + old and has a salad named for the year it opened- 1905. The size is overwhelming with 4 dining rooms and bar area. There are at least 4 dedicated parking lots too.Each of the dining rooms has an intimate feel, a feat in itself as this place could seat 500 or more easily! The service is exceptional. Food is good and ambiance spectacular! Monday-Saturday there is a flamenco show too- we missed it though!The menu is so vast, your favorites are sure to be there. The dessert menu is quite extensive too. Next time I will go for a flan instead of bread pudding as this was such a large portion( impossible to finish). However I will order the mixed meat salteado and the shrimp tapas again as both were stellar. The mushroom tapas was good but not worth a repeat. There was a long wait between our appetizer and main course hence taking a star off.Ambiance-5++Service-4Food-4."}, {"review_id": "W4777r8pSwFP9uEDfuC9nA", "user_id": "aQswdhl2IWN9rQCmzm-9pw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/4/2018", "text": "On vacation visiting from Iowa, this place was recommended as a \"must-go\" spot on just about every site I checked. It's in Ybor City, and is the biggest Spanish restaurant in the States. They're also the oldest restaurant in Ybor City. It's easy to see how they've lasted this long. The place is huge. Like there are probably 4 or 5 dining rooms (that I saw) and even when we arrived, there was a 25 minute to wait. We took a stroll around the neighborhood until they texted us that our table was ready. First, they brought us each a loaf of Cuban bread. Soooooooo good. I ordered the ropa vieja (a shredded steak and rice dish), one of my eating companions got a Cuban sand wich and soup, while the other got the chicken Salteado. We all tried each other's food, and the clear winner was the chicken Salteado. If I ever get the chance to go again, that's hands down what I'm getting. The place is fairly fancy. White table cloths and waiters in bow ties type of place. Overall, between the quality of food and service combined with surprisingly low prices, this place earns every one of these 5 stars."}, {"review_id": "T5u8xZS915KboM3TqbMnvg", "user_id": "7Op-nwxNGAWByBti8Ve9HQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "Absolutely amazing! Live show to go with an awesome meal. I sat at the bar as i was by myself and the bartender was very friendly and helpful with menu choices. I came with the idea of eating paella but the gentleman sitting beside me had a interesting dish that sparked my curiosity. Thus i ordered it after the bartender recommended the dish.  See pics!"}, {"review_id": "n2cwqLC28vYYJjcKfoNwtw", "user_id": "jBzoRqVh0mHoTLdiS4f_Ng", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "Great old-school Ybor/spanish atmosphere at the original Colombia. It's always packed, but often you can slide into the bar area last minute. The service is not exactly the finest (they are on spanish time) - but you come here for the ambiance and the food.The Canelini Langosta is my favorite! It's a seafood packed pasta dish with absoluely amazing Sherry-infused cream sauce, topped with chunks of lobster. The only thing that could possibly be a distraction about it is if you get a small piece of shell in a bite (it can happen everynow and then).The boliche has great classic boliche flavor with perfectly cooked meat.As a choco-file I actually enjoyed the guava pastry - mainly because of the swee vanilla sauce on the side."}, {"review_id": "mqYi2OlRM7vhmyH1sYGmGQ", "user_id": "JGKSv1VtaERrGUpkzxrYhA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/6/2018", "text": "Quite a slice of Cuban food.Sure it's quite the tourist trap, with their elaborate (overpriced) menu complete with robust explanations of the history of the restaurant, cuisine and culture.  However, the service is friendly and efficient, and the food is well executed.They certainly provide ample portion sizes, and each guest gets a personal 1/4 loaf of fresh bread.  You're unlikely to leave hungry.Salads, sandwiches, tapas, soups, mains, and of course, signature cocktails.There are multiple rooms with varying decor that attempts to take on a multitude of themes of Cuban life and culture.  There is an extensive bar area, complete with grand piano.  Each room offers entertainment at different times as well.Off street parking is free and ample.It's a good place to hit for lunch or dinner if you find yourself near historic Ybor City."}, {"review_id": "ya1glF1el8We6UjWGhkQ0A", "user_id": "EGc1-iBK_cgQKxdMoz39TQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/18/2018", "text": "Bio: Vegetarian, who loves different cuisines and want to have a good gastronomical experience.Ups: Ambience and vintage feel of the place with rich decorations. Authentic Spanish with good choices for vegetarians.Tried: Vegetarian Tapas, paella. Both tasted good but not super awesome(at least for the first time trying out vegetarian paella)Downs: too expensive. If I am being charged $$$ it better be mind blowing. Unfortunately it wasn't the case."}, {"review_id": "n2cDQVeRAcrzVBgs-oCdyA", "user_id": "QOyHIFxCHoq2-fxTcOEwVg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "A great dining spot with unique decor and a gift shop! I came here for lunch and had the tapas combo with Pollo al Ajillo, Shrimp ans Crabmeat Alcachofas, and the Coca de Langosta! It was a casual atmosphere for lunch, but nice enough for work meetings or a special event!"}, {"review_id": "zocyX5rl8tfuGxV0eGGapg", "user_id": "GDL3RZQmneHOsqESactVoQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/6/2018", "text": "If you're ever in the Tampa area this is one place to come for Cuban food! I ordered a dish that encompassed an empanada, pork, beef, yuca, plantains, and rice and beans! My taste buds were on a tour of their own! Finished up with the white chocolate bread pudding which was beyond delightful!! The ambiance is gorgeous inside and everyone was nice."}, {"review_id": "I36-wZyJhn10lYMRoE_ZQQ", "user_id": "gGuAM6Cw1VXJGLssm24ehA", "rating": 2.0, "date": "3/31/2018", "text": "Pass.  Slow. Horrible service. Good food. Not great.Slow lazy bartenders. I stood there for 20mins never said anything to me. Went to other side with dude bartender and got a drink. Walk back around to open seats on other side again. 2 really dirty place mats. Standing. No acknowledgment. I sit at the dirty ass seats. Still nothing. 10mins. No hi. No menu. No cleaning the place setting. Finally another bartender comes and I ask for a menu. Not off to a good start.While waiting forever for my food. I was not offerred water nor asked to refill my sangria my entire meal. Portion is large but mostly rice.  Chicken Valencia was good not great. Empanadas were greasy. For the hype and the price I expected better.  Not recommended."}, {"review_id": "oPxYMdpwHsMGlyuyw1j29Q", "user_id": "uvRTbrifQLVWe_ultDd12Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/14/2018", "text": "Incredible. From the moment I saw the outside from the moment I walked out the door, my experience here was nothing short of excellence. Upon arrival, I was amazed with how beautiful the outside looked like. The multicolored building really caught my eye and from that moment I couldn't wait to see what was in store. We walked in to a crowded lobby to give our name to the hostess. She informed us there was going to be a 30 minute wait & took my number. We waited for not even 10 minutes before my phone was ringing saying they have our table ready. I was already impressed. We were seated in the main dining area and wow- was this place BEAUTIFUL. I was truly blown away with the architecture of this restaurant and have never seen anything like it. From the multi-level eating, to the different seating areas, this place was already a 5/5. We were quickly approached by our waiter, Sebastian, who took our drink order & asked us if we had any questions about the menu. He also gave us our bread & butter (which was amazing). Once our drinks arrived, he gave us plenty of enough time to look over the menu & even made sure we had a lunch menu and a dinner menu. Once we knew what we were getting, he informed us one of the dishes was going to take 30 minutes to prepare. We ordered the Empanadas appetizer to hold us over and wow was that an amazing idea. These were the first empanadas I have ever tried and I had no idea what to expect. After the first bite I took, i was hooked. They were the perfect texture, filled with the exact right amount of meat & goodies, and warmed to the perfect temperature. Now for the main course. Indescribable. I ordered the Breaded Steak Milanese and when it came out it honestly blew my mind. This was the biggest piece of steak I have ever seen. It was literally hanging off of the plate because it was that big. It was nicely sauced with their Catalana Tomato sauce with some yellow rice. The steak was so tender that I could literally cut it with my fork. There was just the right amount of sauce & rice for the steak. I honestly took about half of the meal home because it was that huge. Sebastian was a phenomenal waiter. Our glasses were always full & he made sure we had everything we needed. He was timely, attentive, and so friendly. I wish I was staying in Tampa for a couple more days so I could come back to Columbia Restaurant!"}, {"review_id": "4AKJOpsFSrEfNEBHeD6UsA", "user_id": "2b2J7kW1nTVTtiZtizw-tw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "1/28/2018", "text": "The Columbia is a historic part of Tampa's famous Ybor district. Although I've lived here many years, today is only my 2nd time here. We joined family for a birthday lunchWe arrived as soon as they opened at 11:30 on a Sunday and there was already a 15 minutes wait. Once they had space for our party of 12 we were sat at a large table in the bar area. The atmosphere is very nice here, with an upscale feel yet it's also family friendly The server came by a while later for our drink orders. Unfortunately it was very slow service. While waiting to be seated we overheard the hostess saying they were understaffed and it was a very busy day for them. The server returned with drinks quite a while later, then took food orders and brought the famous bread. I struggled between ordering the soup and 1905 salad or picadillo, but decided to get the latter. It was tasty. Ground beef with olives, capers and raisins served with white rice and sweet platanos. The portion was good and it was only $12. Overall I did enjoy my meal but the service was lacking. It was slow and we never got drink refills. With multiple young kids at our table it would have been nice to move things a long a little quicker. I'd come back sometime for a date night."}, {"review_id": "n3F9u-ciX8cpJg0__eDoPQ", "user_id": "ibvH1Y7Rh_tstiWgH0OFTA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/7/2018", "text": "I loved the experience, ambiance, and food here! I had heard many good things so I took an uber out here for dinner and ordered the paella and a glass of wine.I spent $50 out the door but the paella is generally meant to be shared for 2-3 people. I wish they would have offered to let me order a half portion for one person.The ambiance is so unique and authentic - I love the different colored rooms and carpets, the cozy and authentic wooden furniture, and the uniformed waiters.I would highly recommend Columbia restaurant to anyone from out of town visiting Tampa and enjoys Spanish & Columbian food!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/columbia-restaurant-tampa?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]