[[{"review_id": "-h5-uRTgZXJmWC04xSrE4g", "user_id": "opWQBDvAgChc-vCmHfCMJg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "After seeing a fantastic show at Theatre Jacksonville, Boeing Boeing, my coworker and friend went to BBs for dessert. First with such a huge selection it is hard to select just one!  Over 30 freshly baked and prepare desserts tantalizing your taste buds.   After much debate I selected the  Tiramasu and I'm very glad I did.  Rich in flavor and nicely designed on the plate With chocolate fudge design artistically on the plate the  Tiramasu was outstanding. The texture was fresh the cream was addicting and overall though stuffed made me want to have a second piece. Before you read on no I did not. My friend loved her cobbler ended up eating it all much to her surprise. The chocolate cake was to die for it looked  so moist But interestingly enough no one at the table really wanted to share their desserts rather consume it all themselves. To my benefit the cobbler had blueberries in it so I would not touch it but I will say it looked great. I highly recommend the  Tiramasu   It was a great touch to a wonderful evening."}, {"review_id": "dQk-1YA7kZNyCd2Fev7mFg", "user_id": "AMrhEi4bLvaAcC2XggeBsg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/27/2018", "text": "My absolutely favorite spot to get dessert in Jacksonville. I love feasting my eyes on the dessert case and getting a tour of its entirety before sitting down and getting whatever I picked plated beautifully and served at my table. The pastry chef here is extremely talented and you can tell as soon as you have a taste. The case changes daily so there's always something new to try. I've also had the sandwiches here before which are also amazing. The ancho spiced rotisserie turkey sandwich is absolutely delicious and the fries here are great too. I can't count the times when I've had dinner elsewhere and I come here just for dessert because I KNOW it'll be fantastic. My boyfriend also really likes the dessert cocktails here. I also love the intimate, upscale feel of the restaurant. It's a great place for date night!"}, {"review_id": "VomLxTTsVb2FNNpMlKY67A", "user_id": "ZsTZg-R5QPCkBgyE0MyktQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/2/2018", "text": "If I could rate the desserts separately, BB's would be a full five stars. Definitely the place to go if you are looking for an indulgent treat. BB's does cakes and other beautiful desserts to perfection. The service is excellent as well, though the environment itself and the pricey main entrees left us feeling just okay at our recent visit. I have enjoyed lunchtime sandwiches and salads at BB's previously and my adult children wanted to take me somewhere nice for my birthday dinner, so I suggested BB's. The restaurant itself is really adorable and on a nice evening outdoor tables with bar service would be a plus.On a chilly, busy Saturday night, it was cramped and quite noisy inside.The close together tables and noise level made it difficult to have any conversation at our table and the dessert hosts had to repeat the \"dessert tour\" a few times so we could hear her. The first host seemed to lack patience.The second host did a better job of explaining the desserts and as I mentioned the desserts were the best part of the experience. With a few vegetarians in our group, the dinner specials didn't offer much selection nor did any main entree appeal too much on this visit. We also wanted to save room for dessert so ordered a few small BBs, which are appetizers, to share. The mussels were pretty good, and served in a generous portion topped with fries and a blue cheese sauce. Interesting, though we would have preferred traditional bread with the mussels. The mussels were cooked to perfection, though the sauce lacked much flavor. The polenta styxx were surprisingly tasty, with a blue cheese dressing and these were designated vegetarian. Salads are fresh and dependable so that also was a positive. The white truffle pizza was probably the best savory option we tried, with a thin crispy crust and high quality toppings, the taste and texture made this delight just right. Most disappointing item, and sadly ordered several of them were the crab cakes.The crab cakes were small meatball sized,seemed to be deep fried or just super crispy and really dry and mostly just breading with a tiny bit of crab flavor. Finishing with desserts will make you want to come back again for sure. We had the mango key lime pie with a pistachio layer that was out of this world so good. For key lime pie the filling was flavorful without being too heavy. Another dessert choice was the chocolate, mocha, salted caramel cake. This cake was so light and fluffy and also packed a powerful delicious flavor. I would recommend both of these desserts highly and with so many amazing choices I don't think you could go wrong with any of them. Definitely save room for dessert and this part of your meal is sure to please everyone."}, {"review_id": "JldLeE3HLGU6BJWAw0_J_A", "user_id": "hy1taOP0VzQ9rTSLs0uDyg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/24/2018", "text": "BB's is truly an outstanding restaurant! I'm glad I finally had the opportunity to come in, relax and have a few drinks and snacks for happy hour. Where has BB's been my entire life?!My friend and I arrive after work on a Thursday. Kinda bummed the martinis weren't on Thursday happy hour, but $5 wine didn't disappoint. We sat at the bar and our bartender was very sweet and cordial! We stared hard at the menu as well as all the desserts in the case, but our eyes caught the food of the patrons next to us, so we ordered the same: duck wanton napoleon. Holy hell it was delicious. The duck was tender and had the texture of pulled pork. The sauces helped bring out the wonderful flavours as well as balanced the plate. We were still hungry as the appetizer was shared so we order the calamari. It was good, but we were hoping it was crispier with more of the calamari itself- there were so many veggies. Lastly, desserts! I ordered the tiramisu cake and I could've died and been happy after eating it. I was planning on just having a bite and taking the rest home, but I inhaled that bad boy. I look forward to my next happy hour at BB's as well as checking out parent restaurant Biscotti's. Martini Wednesday's anyone?!"}, {"review_id": "zESvrVOcwG3NWRPAzxdsLw", "user_id": "G9P3h7ZGdbdc_Zt6IKC2vQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/26/2018", "text": "White truffle pizza - pretty good - thin crust, lots of mushrooms, decent amount of cheese and prosciutto and some arugula. Croissant bread pudding - I expected more. The ice cream is definitely needed to compliment it. Otherwise, it's a fairly bland thicker than any other kind of pudding. This was a Togo order, and the lady was very friendly and chatty. Good ambiance."}, {"review_id": "hz7oEs2xiOfbuP65pTp9nA", "user_id": "zVqoRPiObJMxPJi4kO_1Dg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/8/2018", "text": "The place is an inconspicuous little square dropped between large buildings, busy overpasses and the traffic of downtown streets. There's a little sign and not much light on the outside. But, just as you do to turn in, you can see the place is full of people - even on a sleepy Wednesday night. If Dick Tracy was a fan of German Chocolate Cake, I'm sure he'd be a regular here. He might even meet join Don Draper for a post work cocktail. Especially after a long day of working at Everbanks or Fanatics. Maybe one Manhattan before taking on that I-95 commute. But back to bb's.Babies & bb'sI met some girlfriends there to celebrate a baby boy who should be making his grand debut next week. OK, it was more for Ashley, the expecting mom. A night out before many nursing nights in. This spot is one of her faves. She lives for the oreo cake and her friend even reserved a slice for her (through a series of phone calls, a trip to Biscotti's and other quite determined events).Looking forward to the midweek fun, I drove my car right up to restaurant front and inched into a tight corner parking spot. In life, downtown parking insists on always being a risk. I wandered in about 5 minutes or so fashionably late. Read more: reviewjax.com/bbs"}, {"review_id": "Nl0xjKRwnqr81bi2vHZtOA", "user_id": "3d4fac-e3Plyib8QUEmHNg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/5/2018", "text": "I heard this place had really Croissant Bread Pudding. Then I was randomly driving by BB's, and needed to take a sharp turn into the parking lot. 1) it's probably one of the best bread puddings I've ever had 2) came with ice cream 3) it was $10, but worth every penny. The warmth plus the ice cream created a heavenly, gooey taste in my mouth. So happy, indeed! I would go back to this place a million times over. Do not skip the bread pudding at this place!"}, {"review_id": "mkh8GJWIyRpOyuTYtmVVkQ", "user_id": "Efo7y431RD5WsD3oArttMg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/7/2018", "text": "My friends and I had seen BB's on Yelp when headed to Jacksonville for a recent trip. It came back up a couple nights later when we were looking for dinner plans. It was a chilly Saturday around 6:00 PM, so we called and were able to get an 8:45 reservation. We walked, so I'm not sure about parking. Anywho, we walked in and were seated after a few minutes. Our server was Shaw, and she (along with everyone else!!) was fantastic! I came in parched, and she kept the water flowing into my glass.We started with some tasty bruschetta; it was all so fresh. Next, I had a cup of the tomato bisque, which was fantastic. Finally, I had the goat cheese salad, and I swear it looked like I licked my plate clean!!! All of the food was high quality. (Side note: the cocktail list looked amazing, but I didn't splurge.)When it came to dessert, Shaw told us they don't print a menu, but if you go over to the counter, they'll give you a tour through all of the cakes and other desserts. As soon as we stopped over there, another employee walking by stopped to tell us in detail (yet quickly) about every single dessert!!! They all looked and sounded amazing!!! When we came back, one of my friends was uncertain on what to choose, and Shaw gave even more details on the three desserts in question. I hadn't saved room for dessert, but I sampled my friends'. We all loved them all.Great service and great food. I was so happy we went to BB's! What a wonderful restaurant."}, {"review_id": "Dea1e30MopSKldp5ZbnU0g", "user_id": "P3fZVdg9iCEnX4T2WiCMDQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/12/2018", "text": "WOW! This place is amazing! Reservations were made and drinks were preordered. Showed up to the table ready with St. Pete Coladas, which I preferred over the Uptown Manhattan and the Bellini Martini. We started with duck wontons, which were sooo good! Next up was the beef tenderloin, which was delicious, well seasoned, and absolutely amazing. The potatoes were great with the gravy. Add the asparagus and it was a fantastic meal! Everything was perfect. To cap off the night, we ordered a peanut butter mousse and an Oreo cookie mousse. These were to die for. I couldn't make up my mind which one was better. I just kept alternating bites. Now for the place itself. The parking lot is very small, however there is ample parking across the street. Once inside you are created by a friendly hostess, candlelit tables and a bar. The waiter was very nice and explained everything including the night's specials. This experience was absolutely incredible, and I will certainly be back for more."}, {"review_id": "y6HPrswphx0TiEvd0UlRVw", "user_id": "pou3BbKsIozfH50rxmnMew", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/7/2017", "text": "Why 5 stars? Because the appetizer and dessert will never be forgotten.   ---   ---   ---Stuffed Mozzarella Bruschetta and the Croissant Bread Pudding. Coming to BB's without these two things is a sin, and quite frankly, should be made illegal.The stuffed mozzarella bruschetta is bread, stuffed with cheese. Aside from those who are deathly allergic to bread or cheese, is there a person on Earth who would claim to not be a fan of such a thing? As I was eating this, I felt like it satisfied every craving I've ever had in my life. It's essentially the skeleton key to my stomach, and should be re-named as much.The croissant bread pudding had the best texture of anything I've ever eaten. It was soft, yet firm. Coupled with the ice cream on top, each bite was warm, yet cool. Rush Limbaugh and Rachel Maddow would enjoy this is in silence because they would have nothing to argue about, which would be awkward/uncomfortable for them, but everyone else would win. What are they gonna say, \"is this dish TOO perfect?\" \"Does it ruin all other desserts?\" \"Should we stop yelling at each other within our own echo chamber and find common ground as human beings?\"Oh, I also had the steak sandwich, which was solid, and also very messy because of an ample amount of sauce. While I enjoyed it, I would order something else for my next visit to BB's. The fries that accompanied were as crispy as I've ever had.Our server was such a delightfully chipper person. I felt bad when she took us to the dessert case and went through the extreme details of every single option, because the first thing she pointed out was the bread pudding, and that's what I intended to go with the entire time. She certainly knew a lot about the other cakes and pies, though!We actually started off with a different server, and I'm definitely glad we ended up inheriting the person we did, because the first woman could not have seemed more annoyed to be waiting on us. But aside from those first couple of interactions, we enjoyed every bite of our visit here!"}, {"review_id": "MZNtmxI8lAOMG9a_5aEudw", "user_id": "AyX_N_Krof6g_aLf5ENCvw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "A Summer DelightWe went for the first time.. I had to have something considering the Summer Delight, and chose the lemongrass chicken satay. This came with four skewers of chicken with a peanut sauce to dip them in. The chicken was cooked throughout and was flavored well. Then  had the chance to try someone's polenta bites, which were equally tasty. We ordered the Bistro Steak Sandwiches  and they were delicious! Finally we  ordered a glass of bubbles and I had a martini...again, we were satisfied."}, {"review_id": "rrFbvt3GJm9-pQbqLa2b9g", "user_id": "bY_bJeG101l1h_doDNYoWg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "It started with a stellar hostess that gave my wife and I a private tour of the dessert bar, and went above and beyond in providing exceptional service making us feel valued and welcomed! Desserts were out of this world!"}, {"review_id": "viWoew80Rv9BITz7kqR14Q", "user_id": "05HxFEbNldB-bDMK9_gGrg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/24/2018", "text": "BB's is always a 5-star experience for me. From the first time I visited (made reservations with a few requests, requests were waiting at our table when we arrived!!!) to casual visits for dessert, the consistency with which BB's operates has kept me coming back. To start, the food is incredible, and innovative. Steak tartare with fried oysters, duck wonton napoleon, I've never regretted an order here. The menu is laid out in such a way that you really have a great variety of choice in your meal. From sandwiches and salads (casual fare) to the more expensive entrees (beef tenderloin, various fish courses), to the appetizers which we occasionally will share for our meal. If I had to make a recommendation, however, it would be the crab cakes as a starter, and the salmon salad for an entree. Keep in mind, however, that the portions here are large enough to share! But let's get to the real reason I'm writing this review today: the desserts. Baked in a private bakery off-site, and transported to the restaurant fresh, it's a unique offering in the otherwise uninspired world of desserts. Seriously, how many times have YOU gone to a restaurant only to see the same three sad desserts (apple pie, brownie a'la mode, and frozen cheesecake...you know what I'm talking about!)? At BB's, you can be sure that you'll be treated to at least 10 different dessert options, set up in a retro dessert display that brings me back to cafes in the '90s. If you're a first-timer, the recommended dessert is the croissant bread-pudding, but my personal favorite is the oreo cream cake, followed closely by the tiramisu. The only thing I would note that isn't so great is the happy hour here. Despite being a restaurant that touts beautiful craft-cocktails, their happy hour offerings are abysmal. Weekdays wine and beer are discounted slightly (with one red and one white option), and Wednesdays there is a special on martinis. Coming in here during happy hour (4-7) is a complete dead-zone. The location is ideal for after-work drink-seekers, but they're missing out on the foot traffic."}, {"review_id": "kIK4bucENjjw5hkfIV863Q", "user_id": "EeO2Q_SI4aZEXs5AU4y9qw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/29/2018", "text": "One of the best meals I've had in a long time! We shared the seared chicken and scallops! AMAZING! Ended the meal with the Rocky Road cake"}, {"review_id": "G7sls1v17g7dNseZdFn6Wg", "user_id": "A5flsi2Xh9HJwBJC7qLRTQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/29/2018", "text": "Cobb salads here are the best. I love the crab cakes it reminds me of the food from my hometown in Kansas"}, {"review_id": "zOAkOAeL3l9OO99dE9P7Vg", "user_id": "W3W6ywndgEOM4mf_DgCb5g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "8/9/2017", "text": "This is a perfect example of when the service saves the meal.I went here with some friends for a Saturday brunch. BB's is a gorgeous restaurant with a nice cozy feel. We were immediately seated and greeted by a waitress. Everything was going great. Appetizers and entrees were ordered while we sipped delicious cocktails.I have to take a moment to talk about the mozzarella stuffed bruschetta. The picture I included doesn't do it justice. The cheese was the right amount of gooey and the bread itself was perfect. This is one appetizer you should get EVERY time you visit BB's.Now for the entrees. My friends got the breakfast pizza and the crabcake \"benedict\". Both were excellent. I took a chance with the bananas foster french toast. That didn't come out so well. Visually, the dish is a stunner. Wonderfully plated with the golden brown of good french toast. Big strips of bacon crowned the french toast and a lovely pool of syrup coated the plate. I was excited to take a bite. That's when disappointment punched me in the face.The french toast was dry inside which is a crying shame. To add insult to injury, the bananas had the texture and toughness of potato. I was expecting caramelized disks of sweetness and got bland, frozen tasting pucks. I let our waitress know about the dish fail. She immediately apologized, removed it from the table (and bill), and went to talk to the manager.I was blown away by how quickly they kicked the service into high gear (and it was already excellent) and made sure I was satisfied with my meal experience. Honestly, this was the kind of service you always hope for in upscale restaurants and BB's absolutely killed it with their charm offensive.Even though the french toast failed, I was still really happy with my meal. Everything else was fantastic and their service was so damn good that I'm looking forward to returning to BB's."}, {"review_id": "I2Hwp1QGu-92UGkk7lNpTw", "user_id": "567xJ442_bKKo5O1mpNagw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/5/2018", "text": "Trendy place with great drinks, food, and fantastic desserts. The drinks are made well and the wine selection is pretty vast. Wednesday is half price martinis and wine specials. Definitely a spot for happy hour. The food has a lot of options. You can go the app only route because there really are enough good ones to try that make it a meal. The bruschetta was excellent and I wanted to try the wontons, the mussels/clams, and surf and turf tartare. The main entrees are also solid. I had the confit rabbit because when do I really get to try rabbit. It was flavorful but on the dry side, but the dressing on the white bean salad made up for it. Then I decided to have dessert because the display case was calling my name. So many delicious options!! I ended up going with the chocolate cheesecake with Oreo crumb crust. Amaze balls. I could have easily chosen the cappuccino chocolate mousse, their signature croissant bread pudding with golden raisins with ice cream a la mode or the warm brownie with walnuts also a la mode. There are probably a few more that I would have happily tried. All in all, a fantastic restaurant whether you're at the bar or a table. Oh, leave the kids at home - the tables are somewhat close together and you'll get to enjoy your dessert in peace and not have to deal with the aftermath of all the sugar"}, {"review_id": "ECrd5Pj8WjitE_qdWa8TrQ", "user_id": "Dh3L56eEGqDxQOKz67T0_Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/17/2018", "text": "Amazing! It lived up to its reputation. We came to Jacksonville for a conference and googled the best restaurants to go to. This place was at the top of the list and now we know why! Omg this risotto! My scallops and risotto were to die for! Everyone loved their meals. The bruschetta was so good! Duck wonton was also very good. The fried green tomatoes with bacon jam might just change your life. The only critique was that the catch of the day, which was snapper, wasn't the best match with the almond and peanut crust. But I really can't say enough about how good the scallops and risotto were. The service was also impeccable!"}, {"review_id": "-GmoOiFr5pXc210yX1Fufw", "user_id": "xfZh8s6rSFcTnq4O_MsSAA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/31/2017", "text": "We had our holiday party for my wine group the other day and BB's was the restaurant of choice to host such a noisy group of elves! BB's is always so welcoming. The hostess was so sweet and allowed myself and a girlfriend to be seated at our table although we were missing about 12 from our party. Most restaurants won't seat you until at least 75% of your party is there and for this I was really thankful! I wasn't really hungry so I opted to have drinks and dessert.  I chose the Moscow mule and the bread pudding with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. Best decision of my night!! This bread pudding was absolutely AMAZING! The warmth of the pudding with the coolness of the ice cream made my heart smile . Thank you again BB's for proving excellent service and hosting such a rowdy bunch!!!"}, {"review_id": "x16Ex1JlWW4gB6O43wsHWA", "user_id": "RLvTBpTpxz99RIbPHTBFPg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/14/2017", "text": "I recently attended an event here for the 6 Course brunch and I must say that I'm impressed. Me and a friend made plans to attend the event and I was running a late. At first I decided not to go being that I didn't want to waste time only getting 3 courses when there were 6. After speaking with my friend who was already there I still had enough time to make it there being that they had only finished one course. Upon my arrival the hostess was very friendly and directed me to the correct area in which the brunch event was being held. I got a chance to share a table with two lovely woman and after receiving the second course they were nice enough to allow me to play catch up and I thought that was really cool. My favorite was definitely the crab cake Benedict, and the poached egg was a first. The taste out me in the mind of nice cool beach front Morning enjoying the sunrise while sipping on a mighty delicious mimosa. If you can't tell by now, I was in heaven with every bite and got quite sad when it ended.  and the chicken and waffles stole second with the soft delicious sweet potato waffle that just melted in your mouth and the savory chicken that had just the right amount of spice to give your tongue that extra burst of flavor. I will definitely be going back to try more."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/bbs-jacksonville?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]