[[{"review_id": "DX9I7v3PX3NFowcoGFHDxQ", "user_id": "3UIa8YVjETNwJwnOl4SEdg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/29/2018", "text": "Truluck's is fine dining at it's best that Miami has to offer. My husband made a reservation for dinner on Sunday, March 18, for my birthday. For my birthday, I prefer to dine at a restaurant that makes an acknowledgement by providing a free dessert, drink, etc. I was sorely disappointed at the restaurant that I dined at last year in New York on my birthday. They did nothing and so my husband made sure that we dined at a steakhouse because these types of restaurants typically will do some kind of gesture. Anyways, we arrived on Sunday at 5:30 pm for our dinner reservation. The hostess asked us to briefly wait and headed over to the dining room (there is a bar to the right upon entering in which you take advantage of their happy hour menu and dine here. Please also note that the restrooms are in this part of the restaurant, in case you need to use it). Then she came back and walked us to our table. Silver confetti adorn part of the table (which is used for birthdays and celebrations. Rose petals are reserved for those celebrating anniversaries). After looking over our menu, we ordered:Large Stone Crab Claw, $13 prior to tax- Ordered 2 of these (one for each of us). This is what Florida is best in and so you have to try stone crab, which was naturally sweet and flavorful. Great size to start as an appetizer. Complimentary Bread Basket- Our server, Amanda, had told us that our bread would come out shortly when she first took our order, but it wasn't brought to our table until later. I loved the different breads, that was warm and crackersPrime Steakhouse Ribeye, $55 prior to tax- This entree comes with a complementary side, my husband picked steamed asparagus. The ribeye was cooked perfectly. Served with 2 different sauces, one was a steak sauce that had a strong barbecue flavor that did not go well with the meat. The sauce itself was not good. The asparagus was steamed perfectly. Miso Sea Bass, $44 prior to tax- I opted for sea bass and thought the fish was cooked to perfection. The fish was served over a bed of crab fried rice and topped with a thinly sliced cucumber slaw. I thought the slaw was refreshing and the fried rice was good. But the miso glaze sauce was overly sweet that does not best compliment the fish. Good thing this sauce was not placed on the fish. My husband also got a glass of wine, $11.50 prior to tax.Complimentary Birthday Dessert, Baked Alaska- So happy that this place chose this dessert. Inside the baked Alaska was ice cream with a oreo crumb crust. Perfect serving for 2 to end a wonderful meal. -----------------------------(Total= $151.69 after tax, prior to tip)Our server, Amanda, was excellent at checking up on us, making small talk and overall service. I loved when she first came to bring us water, she had a tray of fresh cut fruit/ vegetable. She asked us if we would like to add any to our water. I opted for all the fruit (orange, pineapple, strawberry, cucumber, lemon), which is referred to as a \"sangria\", lol. When Amanda brought our bill, a tablet was also there so that we could rate our dining experience (took about 1 minute to fill out the survey). Overall, if you are looking for a place to celebrate a birthday, graduation, anniversary, etc. this is the place to come to. Make a reservation and be sure to inform them about the reason of your dining experience to make sure that you will be properly acknowledged.Please note that there is a dress code. Business casual (and above) is perfectly fine for dinner."}, {"review_id": "yDMuMxXDdWzW1S32d_yzWg", "user_id": "rOprRkCvUNHv5aPDw_5fOA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/23/2018", "text": "So, I gave this place 3 stars but really in all honesty I would probably give it 3.5 if I could ...I ordered the surf and turf. Food tasted good but I ordered my steak MED and it was MED WELL..One of my sons had the sea bass (which I tasted)  and it was delicious.The other son had the same thing I did and his was fine and closer to medium than mine was.The probably I have is at this price point for a place that is supposed to be a fine dining steak & seafood restaurant (and has the menu pricing to go along with that...) I expect a fairly seamless, and top notch meal.Which I don't feel we got for the reasons I stated above as well as:1.) we ordered an appetizer (oysters Rockefeller - which was delicious) and soups (lobster bisque which I wasn't a fan of but one of my sons loved...). The soups & appetizers all came out at the same time, which was about 60 seconds before the $180 worth of entree's arrived.2.) I ordered a salad that I never received. (It wasn't on my bill so I'm assuming the server probably just forgot to put it in)The staff was very friendly, and the food wasn't bad by any means, but when you are branded as a fine dining restaurant I expect a little more for a meal that was about $370 (w/ tip) for 3 people and then all the food arrives at one time and there's not enough room on the table for all the plates, & the entrees start to get cold while your trying to wolf down your apps, & then one of the steaks is over cooked... - just saying ....On the positive side:1.) the entertainment was awesome (2 women singing and playing piano) 2.) the drinks (house old fashioned & mohitos) were excellent.3.) the ambience and decor was awesome. Very nice swanky looking venue.4.) the miso glazed sea bass was one of the best versions of it I've ever tasted, and paired well with their crab fried rice."}, {"review_id": "HS4uSe55ncwtWtgQmQko5w", "user_id": "NelS4z7ztNylGgNlB-u-Vw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "I came here primarily to try their stone stone crabs to compare them to other places I have been to. Although I did order more items- I didn't have such a good experience with the food. Stone crabs were amazing and full of flavour, but their shrimp cocktail, crab cake sandwich and their steak salad weren't good at all. We had to return the shrimp cocktail because it was just unedible, very tough to chew. I can rate their service to be 5 stars since they really do ensure customer satisfaction here. Most likely won't be back here unless I just get their stone crabs."}, {"review_id": "oAd7vaY4NM71Tb3z_UqciQ", "user_id": "wUmQpPuLWrSUvVW7YzdAWg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "If you want to go somewhere high end and classy, you might want to check out Truluck's in Brickell. We had a reservation for 9 for a friend's birthday dinner on a Tuesday night. Valet is $10 which is the same price as the parking garage nearby (so might as well valet and not go thru the hassle of finding parking in Miami). The restaurant is dimly light (romantic vibes). I'm not sure if we were just seated at a small table for 9 or if the restaurant is just very packed, but there wasn't much room for moving. There is nothing bad to be said about the food. Everything we ordered was appetizing. For appetizers we got the tuna tartar tower and calamari, both mouth-watering. I ordered the crab Mac and cheese and lobster bisque. The lobster bisque was in the top 5 best lobster bisques I've ever had. Both the Mac & cheese and lobster bisque were good portions and definitely filling. We didn't get to try the desert but the server brought out all on a dish to show us and they looked great! The service was great, they were very accommodating since we did have a 1 year old with us who had to sit in a stroller. They gave us a high chair at first but he was falling out so then they let us bring his stroller in. We really appreciated that. This place is a wonderful place for anniversary dinners, birthdays, or just romantic date nights. I'll be back for sure."}, {"review_id": "H_FPmY0O6khygA_2sKw0ag", "user_id": "TYevCP6VGbXo9ibZttu3wg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "AMAZING FOOD!!! I can honestly say that I haven't had an amazing salmon plate like this in so long! Salmon is cooked to perfection! This place has a really romantic atmosphere, very insulate beautiful inside. We came to this restaurant for a friends birthday, and we were running a little late for our reservations , staff still accommodate us! Staff was so friendly!!! This is me new favorite place in Miami!!!"}, {"review_id": "aXjloDJv1auvO2ziPqhE3w", "user_id": "8bKClSuCmtBzc7QK2B_YPg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/4/2018", "text": "Nice upscale place in Brickell and close by to some rooftop bars. Had a live singer and pianist which was a nice vibe but it is a bit more low key than a more trendy spot. Food was really good and known for their fresh seafood. We ordered the TUNA TARTARE tower which was delish. Had an avocado and seaweed salad mix underneath the fresh cut tuna cubes. Came with seaweed wraps as well. Loved it. The other items we ordered were: KING CRAB LEG with garlic & butter sauce (also came with potatoes) and the petite LOBSTER TAIL entree with potatoes."}, {"review_id": "wgpY9zRYo2qqpM8F56mnNQ", "user_id": "GzxkYT58TdYClTJsJsQWMA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "Where do I begin? From the lump crab, to the stone crab, to the scallops, to the ribeye...I tasted some of everything. First off, when you walk in you feel like you've arrived into a beautiful dining room focused on just you and your guests. The customer service is amazing. The knowledge of the wait staff is remarkable. If you're in the Miami area and looking for something \"not quite Miami\", this is your place. It seems like this is a place for more locals than tourists. Very very fancy and upscale. High quality food. My boyfriend had a steak and it was cooked almost perfectly. I had fresh fish and it was delicious. Another friend at the table had scallops and they were delicious. We also shared the seafood tower which was probably my favorite part of the meal. All in all, Truluck's is worth every single dollar you spend here!"}, {"review_id": "z-MMxAUKUlMnjk8s3uar1A", "user_id": "n7VTcg4-F94ziJ4eRERSdw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/30/2017", "text": "First and foremost, I want to give a huge THANK YOU to all the hardworking staff that worked at Truluck's during Thanksgiving. You did a fantastic job, and given that it was my first time at your establishment, I was deeply impressed. I know that during holidays, people want to spend time with their families, and given the choice to work, many would say no. Whatever the reasons for choosing to work on the holiday, I not only appreciate it, but I am happy that you did it with smiles on your faces. In that type of atmosphere, it is easy to be bitter and you weren't, so major KUDOS TO YOU!That said, my boyfriend and I decided to go have a holiday dinner at a restaurant because it wasn't practical to cook for two people. We were originally going to travel to be with family, but it didn't end up being the case. Yes, we could have gone and have celebrated with other family and friends, but I think we mostly just wanted to be alone and this restaurant did that for us in a heartbeat. It probably didn't help that the three-course meal was very affordable at $38 per person. It consisted of butternut squash soup, turkey, and pumpkin pie.More specifically, the butternut squash soup was cooked in hard cider. It gave it a tinge of depth, but in my opinion, perhaps overly so. I felt the cider more than the squash, so I couldn't finish my soup. My boyfriend enjoyed it though. As for the turkey, it was accompanied by stuffing, cranberry sauce, and mashed potatoes, and that's without taking into account that you could share two additional sides per table. Options included creamed corn, creamed spinach, steamed asparagus, and macaroni and cheese. We chose to have the steamed asparagus and the macaroni and cheese. Everything was an utmost delight, but admittedly the turkey and the macaroni and cheese reigned supreme.For dessert, you had the pumpkin pie with eggnog frosting. The bottom pie of the pie itself lacked sufficient crust for my taste, but the filling itself was stellar. Unfortunately, just like with the soup, I tasted the alcohol much more than anything else, so I couldn't finish it all. I did, though, drink the majority of pinot grigio, which is one of the better ones I have had in recent times.Aside from my many thanks and the food, there are a few things that caught my attention. The décor for one is stunning. It is a spacious, elegant setting even when slammed with many customers as I hear it often is. I mean, why do you think I made a reservation weeks in advance? This isn't the sort of place you can just walk in. Reservations are a must, proper attire as well, and please by all means take advantage of the valet parking. At $10+, it is a steal of a deal in Brickell and going straight into the restaurant with everything I have previously mentioned really makes you feel like a million bucks. The service is top notch, and our waiter, Ricky, was all too happy to assist in this experience. Honestly, I look forward to returning on a regular day and seeing if their everyday dishes surpass the magnificent meal we had."}, {"review_id": "rV6l8QrTay_h710BMnHS7Q", "user_id": "j2-vwTqj311KP8pir-A_TA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "If you want to eat the best seafood in Miami you should go in Truluck's! The salmon was delicious and crabs too. The restaurant quit expensive, but once a life you should visit this place. I really enjoy atmosphere and service. The waiter was a nice person, he was suggested a really good dishes! I highly recommended this place!"}, {"review_id": "0ZggaR7nYaZFb2WY_NPgLw", "user_id": "gUmEJU4M13GE1NI23kIcxw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "I really enjoy their bar. It offers a great variety of drinks made well at regular Brickell prices. Their food is good, but overpriced and honestly nothing out of the extraordinary, at least not during our last visit."}, {"review_id": "2OCR2_JUZz03Ytx15Urfiw", "user_id": "Gu6bCNoZ4-kWUvkBl3bKiQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/23/2018", "text": "I came here to celebrate my girlfriends and I anniversary and I couldn't be any happier. We had the Calamari as an appetizer (probably the best ones I ever had) and then my girlfriend got the Chef Filet which it was very tender and I had the Salmon which was even better. Then our server Georgi (amazing service and very friendly 10/10) brought us a desert on the house for our anniversary.... Great experience!!"}, {"review_id": "055tuQsI6hYVBlC3zGCW6w", "user_id": "ulM0B0JOkRDNLdZW3-rvFA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/10/2018", "text": "We had the South African lobster tail topped with crab cake..I was very impressed with the creamy butter sauce. Service was impeccable each table has 2 dedicated servers so you're never waiting to ask for something. We culminated our dinner with deserts which equally was delicious"}, {"review_id": "oqY9ViZvspGGAXH-AO7aMA", "user_id": "yt9ntmlH3cdOl0tO-I9lBw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/3/2018", "text": "Came here for my birthday yesterday for dinner and it was AMAZING!!!!First time ever here in Miami and this restaurant was a surprise that my friend set up for me I've never heard of it but apparently has great reviews for steak and I am a huge steak fan!Appetizers: meatballs of prime brisket and something else so freaking good and then my friend had the crabcake which is also super delicious!I had to New York steak which was amazing medium rare with sautéed spinach also a lobster tail delicious!My friend had a fish dish with some salad and I think something else.Our waitress was amazing I forgot her name but she was excellent throughout the whole time. I had glass of red wine for first time it was very good with my steak.The desserts were amazing my friend had a carrot cake which is the best seller and I had the cheesecake which was of course amazing!"}, {"review_id": "KL6eFO10VC6a_keGz1nY6A", "user_id": "EDpEsYZBz-aDFElJTH96cg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/2/2018", "text": "Had such a great time here! The food was delicious and the service was too. We arrived and were seated immediately - of course, we made reservations prior to showing up. I had the Petite South African Lobster tail with asparagus as my side. On top of it, they placed a crab cake. It was to die for!! I loved it. My fiancé had the Miso Glazed Seabass and of courseeee I tried it and yes, it was delicious as well. I won't give this place a 5 star for nothing let me tell you about the drinks... the raspberry martini...I had three and the Lychee martini, one. I left feeling amazing. It's a definite spot to go to when feeling like spending some dough on delicious food and not having to go all out with dressing up."}, {"review_id": "jPF1ybGfmoJVYXJa_UEumQ", "user_id": "BbNc-1YyH8-o1P37nRStkg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/1/2018", "text": "Royalty! By far one of the best tasting seafood + experiences we have ever enjoyed in Miami. It was Lindsay's (my fiancé) birthday  and we had a great booth out looking the beautiful ambience of the room. Live music  playing great songs! No one to our left or right. Georgi V., our impeccable server, (seriously top notchand highly recommend asking for him) matched us with appetizers and entrees we had our eyes  on already. He put the icing on the cake with a few details and immediately the food was coming to the table from his superb support team. Because it was Lindsay's birthday prepared a special flaming dessert we shared in the video. As much as I love food, I've never been a fan of dessert. I don't even eat ice cream let alone the icing. However, I tried this one with one bite and couldn't believe I fell in love with it. Highly unexpected surprise with the ice cream on fire. This is definitely a staple on the fine dining list... a must do whether you live in Miami or just visiting. Thank you Georgi and team at Trulucks | Brickell ."}, {"review_id": "v5tTIJ1NQ0KwWFhP_XFA0w", "user_id": "kSIAVzzB7U2tcuZHi76WYw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/15/2018", "text": "Booked a Valentine's Day reservation about a month in advanced to make sure I was not scrambling last minute to find a place to take my girlfriend. Reservation was for 8pm and we were greeted and sat at our cosy booth immediately. The lady that walked us to our table sprinkled fresh rose peddles on our table which was pretty awesome. They had balloons set up everywhere that set a exciting and fun mood. They also had live music playing at a good volume and were covering some popular love songs. They also had a female walking around with a old school Polaroid that took a picture of us and out it in a Truluck's card which was an awesome touch. We started with 2 glasses of rosé champagne, the seafood platter for 2 and a Caesar salad. The champagne was crisp. The seafood platter was very impressive with the dry ice smoke. Externally fresh shrimp, big oysters, crab salad and king grab claws which were incredible. The Caesar salad was perfectly dressed and croutons were addicting. Almost tasted like pizza. For our mains, my girlfriend ordered the crab Mac and cheese and the salmon dish that had crab on top with a cream sauce and a side of mash. I ordered the big New York strip medium rare with asparagus. My steak was cook perfect and was tender. I like my food salty so I added a bit more. For desert we ordered the giant piece of chocolate cake with a side of vanilla bean ice cream, a slice of cheesecake and 2 French press coffees. I didn't realize they were going to bring 2 French presses since we only wanted one cup of coffee each. In conclusion, I would for sure come here again for Valentine's Day. The service was great, the food was amazing and they really did a lot of little things to make it feel like a special night with the photo, rose pedals and decorations. 5 stars"}, {"review_id": "EjmqH4ab4QTr1w6YEmsPwQ", "user_id": "3Bqcbht1qvGofjkZW0hU4w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "Spectacular service, spectacular food and a great time! Went to Truluck's to celebrate a birthday, which they made extra special for us! From the confetti on the table to the complimentary dessert everything had a little special touch."}, {"review_id": "SoX7Y2h6RW4wz5xukFi-dQ", "user_id": "hGDkE4YrkHkQcJO5bCiz2A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/27/2018", "text": "This place is incredible! The food and ambiance was excellent, but my steak was slightly undercooked for my taste. It wasn't a big deal, the corrected it immediately, but the manager came out at the end of dinner and gave us complimentary desserts!"}, {"review_id": "THgajJiBkMQTXI0BV2PwYg", "user_id": "hx9bg6CTK0GnpL1v5vm3PA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "7/2/2017", "text": "Truluck's happy hour is out of this world! Craft cocktails for $6-$8, and appetizers for around $11. This is great place to grab tasty and affordable food and drinks in Brickell.I like to order one or two appetizers at a time, and then order more apps during the course of dinner. Otherwise they bring you all the appetizers simultaneously and it can get overwhelming. The happy hour menu is changed every 6 months. My favorite appetizer is the calamari, hands down. It is served with pickled vegetables and two dipping sauces: an aioli and a sweet chili sauce. My husband considers this \"the best calamari ever.\" Although it's not on the happy hour menu, we always get the chop salad. They even split the salad into two plates for us when we told them we would be sharing. Other great choices from the HH menu are the sautéed mussels and meatballs. They have a \"Proper attire\" sign, meaning no shorts, sandals, or tank tops. I have been here in jeans and a v-necks and it was fine.The service here is phenomenal. Our waitress was very attentive and was constantly filling our water, and bringing fresh plates and silverware after each course. Valet is available and cost $10."}, {"review_id": "WEW1JgPfBLXQAshAjtS_KQ", "user_id": "35k5qs6l9VDIyWiegTObfw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/4/2018", "text": "My husband and I make it a point to visit the best steakhouse in every city we visit. Truluck's came up and we had to check it out. We made reservations since we didn't want to wait. We got there a little early so we waited in the bar. I had a classic mojito and it was great. We listened to a great female performer. We loved her renditions of classics from many genres. The place was gorgeous. One of the most beautiful restaurants we've been to.  As for the food, we started with a wedge salad. It was the best wedge salad because they put chunks and chunks of blue cheese. I didn't want a half dozen oysters so I asked if they sell them individually. They were accommodating and I ordered 2.  When they brought it to the table the plated it beautifully even though I had only orders two. They were fresh and tasty.  We also ordered a crab cake and it was a good size and the sauce it was served with was great. For the main course my husband had steak and mashed potatoes. He love it and said it was one of the best he's had. I had the salmon bernaise and for the chilly night it was perfect. It came with a perfectly cooked salmon, crab, shrimp, mashed potatoes and a sauce. One of the best seafood dishes I've ever had.  The service there was impeccable. I look forward to going to their newly opened Chicago location."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/trulucks-miami?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]