[[{"review_id": "G23h9_lh1FbYErNL3OrhCA", "user_id": "j76MG5EUdUfBaxZCZGmuuA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/1/2018", "text": "​Oh boy, what a great idea it was to have my brunch UYE in here with my friends.I called a week before to make reservations and they treated very nice. Parking was the only thing I didn't like about this place. I had to park almost a block away because I didn't want to pay for valet...I try to save my $$$ and their parking lot it's very small.Once we got there, my table was ready and they even gave me the choice to pick the type of table I wanted.  The service was OUTSTANDING!!! the lady in the front, the guy in the valet parking, the three different waiters, they were all amazing and I really appreciate their hospitality.We ordered from their Brunch menu and I had:Their famous fried green tomatoes and these were sooooo good. You definitely need to try those.I also had eggs, with grits, and bacon. The bacon was crispy and delicious, the eggs were fine, cooked the way I requested but the grits....OMG. The best grits. Actually, I don't like them, but since they came with my plate I tried them, and they were so good. With cheese inside and deliciously seasoned.Now, I think you want to know what was my favorite dish, right? My favorite one was the stuffed dates!!!Wow, they had gorgonzola cheese inside and covered with bacon. The mixed texture and flavors of it were sensational. The crunchy and smoked bacon, the creamy dates and almost melting in your mouth gorgonzola cheese, made it the BEST of the day. Thank you!"}, {"review_id": "o4VrAJyvmyESakxcNLX0zA", "user_id": "SrqmDUT-Xy6Vy1pF8G5KkA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/6/2018", "text": "Food is very good!  Parking can be a pain in the butt. No reservations and they are very busy. The only seat when all party is on premise. They have a nice wine and beer bar where you can eat as well. Waiting time can be up to 1.5 hours if their is a big table. Suggest to go early. Food was really good. We did ask that server to just bring out the food regardless of appetizer or entree.  We ordered the fried green tomatoes, which came out deliciously crispy and tangy served with a ranch like dipping sauce. creamed corn was also good. My only complaint was the shrimp and grits as the grits lacked creaminess and a bit dry as though lacking gravy. Our dinners were really good overall.  Ordered the baby back ribs with house made chips and slaw, although usually an appetizer they gave me full rack. Ribs were tender and not overly sauced. We ordered the 2 specials for the night a pork steak schnitzel served with smashed potatoes and fried Brussels sprouts which was tasty. The other special a petit fillet served with fingerling potatoes; steak was perfectly cooked to medium and potatoes were roasted and seasoned well. Last dish was the Buttermilk Fried Chicken served with honey glazed string beans and smashed potatoes; it was okay but definitely not was expected from a southern inspired restaurant. We had 2 desserts: Peanut Butter Pie and a lavender Panna Cotta. The lavender Panna Cotta was served generously, texture was smooth and not overly jello-ish with a nice lavender compote. The Peanut Butter Pie was really awesome, not the overly cloying sweet peanut butter filling but nicely balanced between the fluffy filling and the heaping mound of peanuts on top to give a nice natural crunchy texture. Wait staff was very good and responsive. Not overly fussy and you can ask for assistance from anyone who works there."}, {"review_id": "BptXEJt5q-0zczdTGKnkzQ", "user_id": "TV4JcV_Xl6drhibtmutUIQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/2/2018", "text": "I had a craving for fried chicken and Whisk was the first place that came to mind.The restaurant is not huge so be aware there can be a wait and trouble finding parking if you come at a busy hour. lol it for me I came at 2:30 and was seated right away.When you walk on in you see that every inch of space was used. The restaurant is inviting and has a bit of a homey look to it. As you look over your menu you will be able to smell and look at a couple of the delicious dishes as they go by to help you make your choice. As I initially stated I came in here craving their fried chicken but I forgot that it is not always featured on their lunch menu but it is usually in the dinner menu. Lucky for me I asked and they had all the sides ready so I was able to order it. The chicken was the perfect amount of crispy and juicy and it came with smashed potatoes and honey glazed green beans topped with bacon gravy. All of the flavors went together perfectly. I will definitely be back next time I want some delicious southern cooking."}, {"review_id": "thIfX5Ad0gk7D0jDPhfaEQ", "user_id": "2OjNNLpCCGrtfQtpcbhlkg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/29/2018", "text": "Came here for lunch. OMFG this place is really good!Had the brussels sprouts and a fried chicken sandwich!So good!Can wait to go back!"}, {"review_id": "vTrWnvghpxp3hdGZ5ft99Q", "user_id": "LvwC_KU7_iny4weX_VWgSw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/27/2018", "text": "The food here is amazing! We woke up one Sunday morning craving some delicious but not too heavy food so decided to come here. My husband is a huge fan of this restaurant, I had never been. We started with the Bacon wrapped dates which were out of this world! We ended up ordering two more orders lol do not skip out on these!! I had the shrimp Po-Boy (heavy, I know lol) and loved it! So much flavor, the sauce in the sandwich was delicious. My husband had the huevos rancheros and loved them, as well!"}, {"review_id": "rd1D-0gbRbWB6vfsoiOk0g", "user_id": "71jBnl6cUMliKXdMCnmnZw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "First time visiting Whisk thanks to my friend Wendy.Everyone there is courteous and friendly. We had a reservation, and they give you the choice of high or low tables and even the area for seating.We ordered coffee and some dates while we decided what to order. The dates are absolutely delicious, you should try them.The menu includes Non Gluten Options which is a great option to many people.My ranchero brunch couldn't be better. It was more than I expected, full of flavor, texture and the presentation is impeccable.Mimosas were fantastic and, did I mention they have a great customer service?.I will definitely go back to try the week menu. They told us that on Fridays they have a different type of hamburgers.Come and check it out! You will enjoy it!"}, {"review_id": "LDtotUpX1Wfqhg4OZba3iA", "user_id": "dzK6SDHuJYkNzlYTLHLnfw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/17/2017", "text": "Cool place.... bar like atmosphere with high tables in one area... and regular tables with a more restaurant feel on the other side. Food wise, there is a daily specials menu aside from the usual or everyday menu. Food varies from fish to BBQ ribs to sandwiches. So it has something for everyone.We had BBQ ribs (full rack option) with Spanish style fries... very good. Cream corn with bacon and spinach as a side, which was also good. I had a corn crusted fish sandwich from the specials and came with a house salad. Service is super friendly and they will try to taylor a dish to your liking.  Overall a great place and very nice staff. Food was on point and If I may add... they have a nice wine selection."}, {"review_id": "CfCna9Afd4wYD4gnwjJOOA", "user_id": "g5D22YIKbWDzRVGUpLn-ZQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "10/11/2017", "text": "During an impromptu girlfriends evening out, Whisk was selected.  Two of my friends had been here before, raved about the restaurant and insisted we go.  To begin, the restaurant is tucked away in an unassuming strip mall that wouldn't be found if you weren't looking. Parking can be a challenge so mentally prepare and pack a little patience when looking for a spot. Upon entering the restaurant;  it was welcoming with a hip atmosphere. Our server was exceptional.  Not only did she greet us upon being seated, she was knowledgeable and attentive. Sangria is a must, but if that isn't your thing, their wine selection is very good.  The menu isn't extensive but can be a challenge if you don't eat meat and don't want to be limited to a salad.  Make sure you don't miss the specials, the server goes over it but it's detailed at the back of the restaurant on a chalkboard. Also, if you have room, make sure to check out the dessert menu.  I tried their Key Lime and it was pretty close to perfect in my book.  I've always loved a tart recipe as opposed to what you normally find everywhere, and they do it right.  In the end, it's wonderful to go to a restaurant and the experience be much more than just a meal."}, {"review_id": "PqvaSsPDyP28ias342_SaQ", "user_id": "jihxtuVVdowIfiKwNtuapg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/5/2018", "text": "Came out to WHISK tonight to try their fried chicken breast with green beans ,mashed potatoes and bacon gravy it was so good. Also had fried green tomatoes with buttermilk ranch as an appetizer and bread pudding for dessert. All were very tasty and good portion sizes. I would definitely come eat here again."}, {"review_id": "IydVvxYCPHoZY9sF99KRxA", "user_id": "gjB4ORFO2LDOOSjS5wuTGw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/30/2018", "text": "Never have had a bad meal here yet! I love this hidden gem near Sunset mall for the beautiful way they transform southern comfort classics. Breakfast, lunch, and dinner here are all phenomenal. For brunch I've ordered the shrimp and grits in which I added cheddar cheese to the grits.........beyond delicious and fresh! I came recently with a big party of 18 (all separate checks) and the customer service was amazing---so accompanying to our party that I was truly shocked at the level of professionalism in which they dealt with us. I tried the fried green tomatoes (which is a must have), the open faved fried chicken BLT, the bacon wrapped gorgonzola stuffed dates, and the Cornish hens. ALL OF IT WAS DELICIOUS. If you're looking for a place to eat near Sunset mall do yourself the favor of walking over here!IG: KFitzEats"}, {"review_id": "fkIUO_PBYbfDPv0WfXmbng", "user_id": "AK-ZaexQcU55f0ScWRfs7w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/19/2018", "text": "Jumped on yelp after coming to south miami visiting family at hospital. WHISK was highly recommended and didn't disappoint. Parking lot is small but the do offer valet. Very nice craft beer and wine selection."}, {"review_id": "ZujknKDKzGDdHHCMijFEWg", "user_id": "y3WWQ2QFmUq9PafUb11cRg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/7/2018", "text": "Whisk has some of my favorite southern food in Miami. The restaurant is hidden in sunset place behind the chevron station in a sort of alley but it is a gem. Let's start with the best part, the food. The menu is pretty extensive and honestly great for sharing. I've ordered the Fried green tomatoes several times and they are always fantastic and flavorful. The cornbread is also some of my favorite out there and all the meats are always perfectly cooked and well-seasoned. The restaurant is small but so something you may have to wait but it is definitely worth it. The waiters are pretty attentive and service is good. So if you're looking for some good home-style southern cooking, go to Whisk."}, {"review_id": "WjzSCU6tAYim_EhAEwRxQA", "user_id": "33yXo5Bj-Pg8mKa04aul2Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/13/2018", "text": "We headed down to South Miami in hopes of experiencing a nice sunday brunch with the family. When we got there, the whole area was roped off for a Porche event. Wait times were two hours or more for most places like Tacocraft, Rok Brgr, Town. One of our friends who was with us asked if we wanted to check out Whisk. He had a friend working there but wasn't sure exactly where it was as he had never been.. I mean, I don't think I had ever even heard of it but off we went.. I'm glad we did.. everything that came out of that kitchen was delicious:bacon wrapped datesfried green tomatoeschips and guacamolepulled pork eggs benedictfried mozzarella sandwichI tried them all and they were all worthy of high praise. Add a couple lock on lagers from Wynwood brewing and you have yourself quite a good time. We will be back"}, {"review_id": "o07_5Va0puyWFOHaHbKhpA", "user_id": "qsn0WPhPPYUOyjvkoGPulA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/17/2018", "text": "The way I see it is, if you leave a restaurant happy, enjoying your food and the ambiance then the establishment deserves high praise. This place was a very nice quaint hidden gem tucked away in the Gables/South Miami neighborhood.The decor was very neat with a modern and traditional blend setting up for a nice ambiance. The food was excellent, smallish portions but enough to leave you satisfied. The taste was perfect. For appetizer we ordered the bacon wrapped Gorgonzola stuffed dates. Very well balanced and delicious! For entree, we had the pan seared grouper and filet minion. Everything was cooked perfect and really enjoyed the simplicity of the grouper where the flavor of the fish itself shines. I will definitely be a repeat customer as I really enjoyed myself."}, {"review_id": "qX6wqKGXChOrivzaGHquZA", "user_id": "9G4A1TQgAJqssWM5WJYAiA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/18/2018", "text": "Our office likes to order from there since they are close-by. I like that besides bigger dishes, they have smaller sized dishes so you get to try a little bit of everything. I like the dates wrapped in bacon, brussel sprouts, chicken tenders and shrimp and grits. The place itself is a hole in the wall type of place a little bit further away from the hustle and bustle of Sunset Plaza. Parking can be tricky. We came here once for lunch without reservations and the wait wasn't too bad. My hubby didn't really love his egg sandwich so we shared my eggs Benedict's since I also had a salad. Wholesome good food in a simplistic atmosphere!"}, {"review_id": "ZuEppukL-P4J2dsIcFvLXg", "user_id": "pou3BbKsIozfH50rxmnMew", "rating": 5.0, "date": "7/14/2017", "text": "Why 5 stars? Because they have a freaking fried green tomato sandwich!   ---   ---   ---I'm *that* guy who asks for \"no tomatoes\" on just about everything, but fried green tomatoes are a different story. When I saw that WHISK was known from their FGT's, I was definitely intrigued, but not really in the mood to just order the appetizer.Then, as my eyes scanned the rest of the menu, I was delighted to find that they had a Fried Green Tomato sandwich! With pimento cheese! I've never felt made a decision so instantly in my life, as I did at that moment.It turned out to be just as delicious as I had hoped. I also grabbed some bacon wrapped dates, and while I'm not a *huge* fan of dates, these were quite tasty too. We sat at the bar, where there were a few local brews on draft, and a very friendly bar tender who was doing an admirable job of pretending to enjoy a creepy old guy flirting with her. It's almost impossible for a girl to tow that microscopically fine line between \"nice to a patron, but not too nice to the point where the guy actually thinks you are legitimately into him.\" I wish I knew this particular bartender's name, because she executed it perfectly."}, {"review_id": "2-8UP78SOQ5eHGksHIiP1A", "user_id": "Hxfy4OYHYWsiaaPLtPj6EA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/31/2018", "text": "The food, service and ambience was excellent! We had the skirt steak and filet mignon specials with parmesan chips and side of bread. The steaks were perfectly cooked and so tasty! Overall, loved the experience. We'll definitely be back!"}, {"review_id": "Yd34AVgMu4rIW2xDVm-uLQ", "user_id": "XW-vVW9orxlhx5HAjteyrw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/30/2017", "text": "Whisk has a great atmosphere and is very clean inside. The staff is very attentive and informative. Whenever I have time to go, I go on Fridays. Fridays is when they only have their specialty burger available! I am a burger lover so I highly appreciate the creative ideas they try out with the burgers. Out of the times I've been there, each and everyone I've had are extremely delectable. You have to know, these aren't your typical burgers. From the buns, to the toppings, and to the beef patty, they always all mix extremely well together. Even the house made potato chips the burgers come with are so good, the chefs there must have so much passion in what they do.Lately when I've been going, I usually try to get there close to the time of opening, to beat the crowd. The parking lot is small but I've managed to get lucky and have occasionally found spots right outside. However, it's near Sunset Place so there is parking all along the street."}, {"review_id": "iiz1WaL02tHcB3PcajHFFw", "user_id": "wU9ynvh2OYhVbpopoKFx6Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/2/2018", "text": "Absolutely love the food here, but with a small location it's does get packed fast and it does get loud. The food is really good. They have great burgers,  the fried fish sandwich was one of the best I've had, perfectly seasoned crispy, on a great bun and just the right toppings.If you like carrot cake, have a slice for dessert. It will blow your mind!! It is the best slice of carrot cake I've had in my life. There is no close second."}, {"review_id": "d9mO6jhdNhHNfVyM6zO7PA", "user_id": "SQXsow-nuLYYQnTcsIedIA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/19/2017", "text": "Some places are lucky enough to don the title of Miami institutions, Whisk is one of them. It's no wonder they outgrew their original, smaller location almost 8 years ago and are still packed no matter the time of day. Whisk is one of those places that is consistently delicious food served alongside friendly service.I've visited several times for brunch, lunch, and dinner and never leave disappointed. There isn't much parking in the lot, but they do offer valet and you can also find street parking in the area. Once you enter, you feel like you're in a rustic chic spot where you're about to be served some down home delicious cooking.For brunch - I feel like you can't go wrong with their 2 eggs country breakfast. Heaping servings of eggs, bacon, biscuits and GRITSSS (my personal fave). Speaking of grits, their shrimp and grits are not to be missed. YUM.For lunch/dinner things I love:- Fried Green Tomatoes: a must order in my opinion. so.good.- Bacon Wrapped Dates: this is the menu item I dream of for whisk. It's always ordered when we visit and they never disappoint.- Skirt Steak Salad: this is my favorite thing to get for lunch. It's steak with a side of salad pretty much (HUGE Portion of churrasco which will be grilled to your liking). It also comes with a fried goat cheese croquette. As if you needed a reason to like this salad more!- Sandwiches: all of their sandwiches are good but I love the fried green tomato sandwich.- Fried whole snapper: woah. this was scary good. I had never ordered a fried fish whole before but I was glad I did. What I love about Whisk is that while their staple menu items are delicious, they offer daily specials which are extensive and feature in-season ingredients. Always a fun surprise that never leads you astray from a flavorful meal.P.S. Friday's specials ALWAYS include a burger. It's the only day the offer burgers and they are 5***** for sure."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/whisk-gourmet-food-and-catering-miami-2?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]