[[{"review_id": "tnoQauBtztEVKeR2nTqcvg", "user_id": "dCbV5P90h56XBiGBJrzqWg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "Ice cream is my favorite dessert, and Five FX is my favorite place to get it.Why?  Well, for starters, they use all fresh, natural ingredients (not counting candies and other mix-ins).  They make your ice cream to order right in front of you on these awesome cold grills.  For those who are lactose intolerant, you can forgo the whole milk and get almond, soy, coconut or other options.  The missus sometimes opts for almond for less fat and calories.  Me?  I go all out with the real milk.They have a staggering amount of flavors, including all the traditional ones, but then you get into more exotic ones:  spice chai, lavender, kiwi, lychee...even avocado.  My personal favorite is the Thai tea.  It's made with real tea leaves that give the smooth, creamy concoction a nice bit of texture.  You can also opt for some of the aforementioned mix-ins, like fruits, candies and cereals...I personally like a few butterscotch chips in mine.They also serve taiyaki, which is a small waffle stuffed with your choice of sweet or savory ingredients.  If you're feeling hungry, you can get ham, bacon, cheese...even a beef frank.  Or if you're wanting something for that sweet tooth, there are many other varieties...cream cheese, Nutella, Bavarian cream, and fruits.  The missus loves their taro taiyaki, and almost never leaves without it.They also serve coffees and lattes, but trust me...the real treat is the ice cream.  I was pleased to see Alton Brown give this place a shout-out on his social media last time he was here in town.  He loved the Thai tea as well...the man has good taste!Depending on what time you go, you can expect a line, but I promise, by the time you put that first spoonful of sweet, creamy goodness into your mouth, you won't be thinking about the wait.  This is the perfect little stop for fresh, decadent, frozen indulgence!"}, {"review_id": "7-UJlYx_46LjIiZfi3ZRlQ", "user_id": "jBQdiuKZsDT-VKLiYF5mbw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/24/2018", "text": "Overwhelmed was the feeling got when I viewed the menu for the first time but they don't very good job and explaining what your expect. The experience of choosing your base, flavors, and toppings was a little too fun for me. I'm the end we had a small butter pecan waffle bowl with caramel and Nestle crunch (Note to self: second topping was team too much) with a raspberry and cream Taiyaki. The two together are the bomb. It was our first visit. The smells of waffles greeting me at the curb. This is our new ice cream spot!"}, {"review_id": "92Dm1_K2rclMftyDJx7h8Q", "user_id": "3d4fac-e3Plyib8QUEmHNg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/23/2018", "text": "This place was so cute!!! I liked it a lot. They had the taiyaki fish filled dessert, I got the bavarian in it - it was so fluffy and crispy since it was made to order. Then we got a coffee ice cream, kind of on the watery flavor end, but maybe it was just the flavor we picked? I would go back for more taiyaki!"}, {"review_id": "Ikra0X2DaqsVuBCHqVk5vQ", "user_id": "V7RjXhHplIzPQZHFMs5wNA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "I'm so happy to have found Five Fx Ice Cream here in Jacksonville. I've had rolled ice cream in the past and enjoyed my experience so having found this place so close to home is quite the treat. Five Fx also prepares fresh Taiyaki with your choice of filling. Taiyaki is essentially prepared like a waffle and stuffed with your choice of filling. I ordered the Nutella Taiyaki with a small order of taro ice cream. To my surprise, the ice cream came with 2 toppings and were mixed in with the ice cream! I have only had toppings mixed into my ice cream like this at Cold Stone so I was very excited to try this! The size small comes with 3 scoops of ice cream. I don't usually remove stars for customer service unless it was unacceptable. In this experience I didn't do much research before coming in so I ordered what I thought would be good and I was right. But, after reading a few reviews I learned you could get different milks for your ice cream and I saw some pictures of actual rolled ice cream. I wish the employees were more interactive but aside from that, Five Fx Ice Cream is a must try!!"}, {"review_id": "n5pEZAVLownDQilVE0QLUw", "user_id": "wFpKrJtJbBGxqc1Ooqi2qw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "Good experience for having ice cream made right in front of my eyes for the first time! I had a vanilla with Oreo and mini chocolate chips! Although it was delicious, we most likely won't be back."}, {"review_id": "zVkVv-LzXs-bbinFE30-IQ", "user_id": "AMrhEi4bLvaAcC2XggeBsg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/15/2018", "text": "Delicious and freshly made taiyaki with hand rolled ice cream. You can customize your ice cream however you want and watch it become reality on the anti-griddle. K-pop is always playing and this place is open pretty late by Jacksonville standards. Definitely have spent plenty late nights getting an ice cream snack here!"}, {"review_id": "PIbCo516VKx1gqogBQelYA", "user_id": "RBQ2rtnMI93JuE8UyVBItg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/12/2018", "text": "This is ice cream of the trendy variety. I had been seeing rolled ice cream on social media everywhere and Jacksonville is hip to the game. One of the fun elements of this place is you get to watch your ice cream made fresh.It's a friendly to those with lactose allergies because you can pick the kind of milk you want your ice cream made of. There are so many flavors to choose from, interesting ones including taro, thai tea, spice chai, lavender, cream cheese, red bean, lychee, and avocado. Along with toppings, your possibilities are virtually endless.The ice cream was good, but it wasn't the best I'd ever had. It was an experience I was happy to have once because it is cool to watch, but I feel like there is better tasting ice cream in the area.Another trendy constituent offered is their Taiyaki fish with over a dozen flavor options - both sweet and savory variety.Been there done that still looking for something trendier? Try a Korean style Patbingsu which is shaved ice with sweet toppings and red beans. The five F's stand for fresh, fruits, fun treats, friendly, franchise. The first location opened in Jacksonville and the company uses only natural ingredients."}, {"review_id": "p9-bRnwzvOHUm-Tst09rSQ", "user_id": "NDHuuaV6kaeJU1sbtx_Cxw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/3/2017", "text": "Five F(x) for the win! I've been here a couple of times and this place is the bomb!You get to watch them make your ice cream! What's great is you get to choose the type of milk they use (regular milk, almond, etc) and the flavor! In the past I've had them make an almond milk chocolate flavor.Tonight I devoured a delicious Nutella Taiyaki (maybe that's the name... close enough). Taiyakis are essentially a waffle with a filling in the center (in the shape of a fish). The good news is that you can choose the filling(s) you want! This treat is crispy on the outside and gooey on the inside, and can come in sweet and savory varieties."}, {"review_id": "p1JY4YNo_P63d6XiZ2-tHA", "user_id": "hy1taOP0VzQ9rTSLs0uDyg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/16/2017", "text": "I love Five F(X) !! It is sooooo much fun! I'm glad I live right down the road so I can get my ice cream whenever I want. I remember coming since they were 3 F(X)! Loyalty programme for the win!This is healthy, right?! Since they make your ice cream right in fron of you!? You get to choose your flavour, milk, and mix-ins, you don't feel AS guilty consuming these sweet treats. With that being said, there was not one ounce of guilt when I visited since I treated myself right after the gym. Oh and did I mention the fish shaped Taiyaki?! This time I tried the chocolate Creme flavour and that brought back SO many memories of the same flavoured treats when I lived in Japan. Keep in mind though this is NOT a Japanese dessert shop!Anywho, I'd give this place 10 stars if I could. Just a fun, tasty spot where I take my friends often for their first time and they love it as well!"}, {"review_id": "I1PA1BAuvfMyD72g9twIPw", "user_id": "6Cbot_6h25qy9_RYM6BxTQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/7/2018", "text": "Talk about options!  Have dairy alternatives is great, and the friendly cashier here helped me choose what to get. He explained the menu, and how it all worked.  Your ice cream is made fresh to order, and it is a fun feature to watch them put it together.  There is an array of toppings (I enjoy walnuts and chocolate chips) to put onto of or inside your desert, and they don't over fill your dish.  You can choose to seat yourself inside at a handful of table and chairs or take your treat outside and pick from a few seats to enjoy the warm weather.  There is plenty of parking lot spaces, but you may have to look a little harder for the locations sign because they are a little tucked away so you may miss them if you drive past a little fast."}, {"review_id": "o7UaA8dWlUGd5kgLpt8sXg", "user_id": "JVEQkH_jt9iZY36jN2qUUA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/3/2017", "text": "Five Fx gets a four from me primarily because of the lackluster customer service. They really could use a lot of development in that arena. Of the people we came in contact with the worst was the first person with whom we interacted. It did get somewhat better thereafter. Compared to the superb product Fx brings the service was horrible. Bottom line go for the delicious ice cream make to order and waffles et al, but know you will be doing this while giving up some basic service expectations."}, {"review_id": "scUZvEUC-ZggAer7pLswVQ", "user_id": "CiN47_8-MXskNDGUL4sU_Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "7/5/2017", "text": "Waffle fish. Ask for the Waffle fish. Okay I know it's tayaki or however you spell it, but this place serves Waffle fish filled with fruit, chocolate, or even breakfast fillings if you are seeking something more savory. Taro is my favorite and don't ask what it is, just get it and you won't regret it. The Waffle is warm and the filling isn't overly sweet. Also lets not forget that they have fresh made ice cream that is made right in front of you. Pick your base flavor and then you get to add some toppings that they will crush into the ice cream while hey are making it. Everything is amazing, but I will say that when I went on July 4th I didn't think they would be open. Surprisingly they were and I decided to go in and received amazing service. I know they didn't want to be there since it was a holiday, but they went above and beyond to help my family and I. Great friendly place with even better desserts."}, {"review_id": "UKMGSrc_OMgTWoH3UWyPNg", "user_id": "W6rwHxHeoeqwi3y-gKPbog", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/31/2018", "text": "Coffee is AWESOME! The sweet aroma that met me at the door let me know I was getting more than coffee here! Their homemade Taiyaki(Waffle pastry in shape of Fish) were worth the drive! Choose your own filling...uummm Delicious!"}, {"review_id": "auG3kXcqeJUZMaGSJ_MVMA", "user_id": "nYhanolXX0OPoVET630hfQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/4/2017", "text": "I just want to start off with one thing. There is something missing in the Jacksonville area... Cookies. There's no real great cookie place that you can go to at night. There used to be a place called one hot cookie at the beach, and that was awesome, but like I said... Used to be. Well, my friend and I really wanted a cookie, and of course there's no place to get one, so my friend had this brilliant idea- let's go to five f(x). The first thing that you think about when thinking of five f(x) The ice cream. They can use any milk that you want, they have so many flavors to make your ice cream, and they make it right in front you. I just think that is so cool but I'm also a sucker for hibachi so... There are also these things called taiyaki which freaked me out at first. They're pretty much sweet waffles in the shape of a fish (the part that I wasn't too sure about) but you can get filling inside like in the Nutella or peanut butter or if you're really hungry they even have a ham egg and cheese taiyaki. I asked the guy if he could mix Nutella and peanut butter for me, and he said they don't usually mix but he would do it for me. Hehe I'm special. This totally helped the cookie craving. The taiyaki is crunchy on the outside and then it's got your warm filling on the inside. It's so good! Keep doing your thing, five f(x), we salute you."}, {"review_id": "vvHY95as67paxX-o5f6u1A", "user_id": "lM-IKKhZNwoUzst2YWACnQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/17/2017", "text": "A great place to get dessert that is slightly different from mainstream, especially good for people that have never experienced this before. Due to is popularity, often times in the evening the favorite flavors are out of stock and that causes me to be sad, and I prefer not to be sad. If it REALLY matters to you, try calling ahead.Taiyaki aka stuffed fish-shaped waffles--not to be confused with fish-flavored waffles--are a tasty treat and I recommend trying at least once. They even have savory options, but I come here for dessert vs. real food.As for the ice cream, you have the choice of dairy or non-dairy bases and the different options. Read all the signs to get an idea because when it's busy, you may not get asked if you want yogurt vs. whole milk vs. ... and you will end up with the defaults if you don't specifically request what you want.I have tried several flavors ranging from classics (strawberry) to exotic fruit (lychee) to unique (Thai tea). All of them are good and I like the pleasant flavor surprises. If the number of flavors (over 30) is overwhelming to you, ask for a recommendation from the ice cream magicians behind the counter. Don't forget the toppings--they are included!"}, {"review_id": "ZvIELr0PGR02kIJ1QJqfRQ", "user_id": "nlQGyti20c07rpTSYYoNZQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "10/24/2017", "text": "LET'S HANGOUT WITH ICE CREAM (AND TAIYAKI?)Although Taiyaki is in the title, it's obvious the Ice Cream was the main attraction. You can choose your fish-shaped waffle (that's the taiyaki for the uneducated) to get filled with one of a dozen flavors. We played it safe and took it with melted chocolate. Our Taiyaki arrived extremely hot, but with a nice, slightly crisp outside and bready inside with enough gooey chocolate.INSTAGRAM DESSERTS! WHAT KINDS OF FLAVORS?You get a show as the Ice Cream liquid is splashed onto a cold plate and massaged until it takes form (a la Cold Stone style). Except, the hard toppings get added afterwards which actually makes for a more visually pleasing result. And I was shocked there wasn't any option combining Taiyaki AND Ice Cream. Am I the only one who wants to see a fish-shaped waffle lying on a bowl of Ice Cream with Pocky and sprinkles on top?THE AREAIt's always funny to see a dessert shop next to a gym. Anyway, I digress. On a Monday night, the line almost reached the door with families, the college-aged, teens, everyone. Perhaps on a non-busy night, the odd-shaped counter might make more sense. During our busy visits, you wait in line and don't really see the menu board very well (angled to not face the line) until you place your order at the first part of the 'L' shape. Then, wait in line again, get handed a Taiyaki over the partition, then wait to get your Ice Cream made."}, {"review_id": "CshLyeAFVjwFb-bSD76SXA", "user_id": "Us-WNKVilYYE302k3v1Byw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "We have been going to five FX (three FX) since it first opened. I remember the original owners could barely speak in English but they were so happy to see us when we would stop by. It has been great to see how this restaurant has taken off and for good reason. At least once you have to have the five FX experience. Must have the ice cream and  taiyaki together.   Line to the door is worth the wait."}, {"review_id": "rXvVr2_PpDYoXxgdJYCnMw", "user_id": "3ZtyslXckp1iNBctL9gGNQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/12/2018", "text": "I absolutely love the Whole Milk Nutella ice cream with chocolate sprinkles and oreos! DEE-LISH! This was actually the first place I ever visited on my trip to Jacksonville back in 2015. I then moved to Jacksonville in 2016 and have filled up about 4 cards already! I absolutely recommend FiveFx if you want to try the experience and the great taste! My husband likes the spice chai a lot and the coffee flavor ice cream. The staff is always extremely polite and are pretty quick!"}, {"review_id": "oaOCpAorsUi2scFbqJhj9g", "user_id": "17jzGkFYCvB5Q0fjJEzVAA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "7/24/2017", "text": "Cool concept but I wasn't that impressed considering how long it took. Taiyaki is a fish shaped waffle-like pastry with filling inside. You can eat it plain or with ice cream. They make the ice cream on the spot on a cold plate, so you can select which kind of milk you'd like them to use. They have a large variety of flavors for both the taiyaki and ice cream, plus toppings. The ice cream was good but not as flavorful as I would have liked, and the taiyaki was a bit rubbery. These are Japanese style desserts so perhaps that is how they are supposed to taste. I would say it's worth checking out but not sure I'll go back again and wait that long (it took 20 min from the time I walked in the door until I got my ice cream)."}, {"review_id": "ffWC1gffKExznQ69IT4J-g", "user_id": "5y-1fl_g8kEpVEIZNiCzRQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "7/24/2017", "text": "Whenever I make my way to Jacksonville, I cannot leave from there until I've got my Five FX fix! This is one of the first places that I've seen make their ice cream on a cold sheet which freezes the cream base plus toppings into a smooth ice cream texture. What's great about this place too is that they have a ton of flavors to choose from! Starting off with the bases, you have your usual cream, but if you are lactose intolerant, they have other options: soy milk, almond milk, etc. Next, the flavors that they put into the base range from the typical chocolate, to the more exploratory flavors like green tea, red beans, or a fruit flavor like papaya. Along with the ice cream, you get toppings you can put into the ice cream; from fruits to mochi to Oreos, they have everything!I love the ice cream and all, but the reason why I highly rated this place it that they also serve Taiyaki (aka Waffel Fish), definitely a rare thing to find in the south east region of the United States! Straight from Japan, this soft, fluffy, waffle like pastry is filled with any of the toppings that you can choose from, and it's prepared right in front of your eyes! And to top it off, it's shaped like a fish so it's definitely fun to eat, taste wise and visually! The staff has always been friendly and although it gets busy, they are very efficient and get your order through with much care and as fast as possible. Plus, they have a reward card system, so you can definitely bet you'd be visiting this place more than once, just as I have!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/five-fx-ice-cream-and-waffles-jacksonville?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]