[[{"review_id": "DOi0oWKcrXmhPErSpJfFVw", "user_id": "pMACxBAtox1yvGBGzSefFw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "ok, ok I believe the hype now! Went to Kush last night after the HEAT game for a late night bite. We waited about 20 minutes for a table outside, which wasn't too bad. The server was super attentive from the moment we sat down, and our drink orders only took about 2 minutes to get there. We didn't do beer, as we're not big drinkers, so I can't comment on the selection or anything like that. I got the Frita with sweet potato fries, and I've been drooling since the moment i started typing this review. The frita was absolute perfection. The beef wasn't overdone and didnt have a ton added to it. It was topped with Grueyere, guava and potato sticks, and pressed on the flattop. So crazy good. just sweet enough to be pleasing but it didnt overpower the fact i was eating beef. The fries were perfectly done as well, with the outside crunchy and the inside soft, and everything came piping hot. I will definitely come back to Kush and try some other things,  but the Frita may have to be one of those 'always order' to share at the table haha"}, {"review_id": "yojOS3z0Ujkgq3ONWfo5xA", "user_id": "yAcHMFVR1ETtC0PaZ6d8ZQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "Great burgers! Highly recommend coming early before the dinner rushes.ParkingThere's a lot right across the street by the railroad. There weren't any signs that said we weren't allowed to park there, but we asked the employees at Kush and they said it was okay. There's also street parking, but we couldn't find any. -Florida alligator bites- I've gotten something similar to this back in California, so this was the second time getting it. It wasn't bad, the sauces it came with were really good. I think it was a bit more tougher than the ones I tried. -Johnny Utah burger- This was good, but I feel like it was a safe choice type of burger. -Frita- This one was good too. I liked this one better than the johnny utah. The guava jelly wasn't too overpowering which was nice. -Fries- good! You can't mess up on fries lol-Grilled mushrooms and roasted red peppers- We got these as our sides for our burgers and they were really good! I'd recommend getting the mushrooms and roasted peppers.Overall, good food and great service! There's seating outside available and inside, but the inside is pretty small."}, {"review_id": "WOYRB9N3-S67ovnVBHbwCg", "user_id": "B8VwxDCvEr_eyq4b8_fXow", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "Great burger! I choose the Frita burger which was recommended by a bunch of people. The guava on it definitely added a touch of sweetness to it. The beer selection here was also pretty great, a lot of Florida variety.Small spot though. Plan to wait even if you are a table of 1. The bar seating is reserved."}, {"review_id": "J87qe9uCOjEbvOt0_Nkthw", "user_id": "WYTtKmNKhqMMKP_LrcJ8xQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "This is definitely my kind of place. They have good burgers, craft beer, good location and good vibes. The menu is thoughtful and has some great items. I had the frita burger with fries. The fries were crispy and perfect, exactly the way I worked them. The burger had guava and chips on it, and I was a fan. The only thing I didn't love was that it seemed like my burger fell apart when they were cooking it. Some pieces were cooked medium rare, as requested and some were a little over cooked. It seemed a bit careless that they just put the burger back together, though I'm pleased that they didn't waste the food. I will definitely come back to this place another time. My wife and I really want to try the gator bites."}, {"review_id": "ZovlVnlV_10URkke4p46ww", "user_id": "4TF3h3_tTqfWruxLZgTlrA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/11/2018", "text": "We walked in and were greeted right away. The place was small - not many tables - people sitting at the bar and there are side counter type tables on the side. There are also some tables outside too. We went on a Sunday in the early evening so I was surprised how busy it was. It was around 5pm. The hostess let us know it would be a 40-45 min wait and let us know they have a waiting room where you can get drinks and play games. Cool - so unexpected since it's 2 doors down and looks abandoned from the outside. The overall atmosphere is dark and divey. They have Kelly kapowski and Zach Morris painted on the bathroom door! Love it. We got drinks and hung out. There was plenty of seating to wait in what looked like the area where they keep supplies and kegs. To our surprise, the wait was only 10-15. They take your cell number so they can text you when the table is ready!!As soon as we sat, out waitress came over. Quick service and friendly. She asked if we had been there before and none of us had so she explained the concept of the place which makes you know that the servers know and respect the place they work. I opted to get the classic burger because this place is a burger joint right? My sis got the same, her BF got the spicy version burger, and my Bf got the chicken and waffles. We waited normal time for food but were entertained with the giant screen where they chose Deep Blue Sea to play. Lol! Classic. As the food arrived, everyone's burgers were cooked as ordered!! Impressive!! and we asked for extra condiments that came out quickly. And changes we made to are orders were correct!So, i haven't eaten a burger in awhile and I'm so glad i has this one. I got it well done but it was still juicy and i are the whole thing (which is rare with burgers since they tend to fill me up). That's how good it was!  My fries were normal fries with seasoning but the honey mustard they give you on the side as well as the house made ketchup were great!! Chicken and waffles - chicken batter was delicious and crispy. Everyone ate everything on our plates. I definitely recommend this place. Even though it's a bit of a walk if you're coming from the main strip in Wynwood."}, {"review_id": "iWUpqFxjUKpMeOyBOYHI-g", "user_id": "VEjMxVnvI3g1CvjMjj5PSg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "Our waitress was an absolute joy. The menu is comfort food gone wild - burgers/sandwiches, chicken and waffles, etc. They have an alligator appetizer and hell with it why not go all the way. It's surprisingly good, its like a hardier calamari if I were to describe it. I got a grilled chicken sandwich for my main  which was incredibly juicy. Never had grilled chicken that moist before. Was shocked when the bill came, good bang for buck spot.Only issue I had its kind of in the middle of no where. And the outdoor seating was great for my large group but the cars are literally zooming by 12 feet away."}, {"review_id": "a3UEKKNAA4jeJZAU7YZTVQ", "user_id": "HwlhoK78V0VJMgQDTgRfJg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "To be honest I drove passed by it once and did not like the way it looked fr the outside -and left . It I s not as nice as in the picture they post. I was scare to park and get off this area is not one of the best, I would definitely not go here at night. All the good reviews made me go back and give it a try. The place is small but kind of cute inside, the red lights makes it look dark and there is only one bathroom for everyone. The food was good, can't say I'm dying to go back but I would go back."}, {"review_id": "jbphyioLK_6jQ4QhdQGHvg", "user_id": "RTJdYJtD_0mUbrc3Y2dNdQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "Awesome vibe with delicious food! We came here during Ultra weekend and decided we needed to fill our stomachs up before heading to the festival in order to avoid paying overpriced festival food and I'm glad we decided to eat here.We got the Johnny Utah and the Angry Chef. While I liked both of them, I would have to say I liked Johnny Utah more. I guess there's a reason why it's voted the best burger in Miami. We also got the alligator bites which was highly recommended. Had a strong fishy flavor but it was still good."}, {"review_id": "8mcQeCqSyp1j0BG1Hk_2xg", "user_id": "Zpz71UODHzXofnxzq3nDVg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "Love this place! Had alligator bites, burgers, beer, fries, tomato soup. Everything was delicious, our server was super nice and quick. Music is great btw! Jamming reggae."}, {"review_id": "bH_A9yfQYPahWp_w8yYe4g", "user_id": "Gkok5kp6wwQgKouW_1Tz9A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/28/2018", "text": "This place has nice decor and a great menu. It does have limited seating and parking so I would plan accordingly. The coke they serve is made with real sugar (lovingly referred to as Mexican coke). We had the gator bites, grilled cheese sandwich w/tomato soup to dip in, the Chicken and Waffles, a Kush and Hash, and a Frita Burger. The sauces they served with the gator bites were amazing! The Frita burger was made with cheese and guava sauce and caramelized onions, so good."}, {"review_id": "bNzq8kZzQ2ZRoh5VHnbxbw", "user_id": "MFjAkaFuD4wznsa76d83sQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/1/2018", "text": "Absolutely amazing! From the warm welcome at the door to the sincere thank you and goodbye with our check, my husband and I were so impressed with Kush. The beer selection is on point and covers all varieties. The food menu is a perfect collaboration of all the best bar foods. Our bartender/server was so helpful and knowledgeable about everything they had to offer. The manager even stopped over to ask us how everything was. This place is tiny but don't let its appearance steer you away. You will not be disappointed!"}, {"review_id": "TAJzcha1f3WSHV4cGCKheQ", "user_id": "Dz-maB2eQN9_YlJxClR6fQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Good place for craft beer. And their menu has comfort foods such as burgers and tacos but try their chicken and waffle it is a must! They have a tv but it's not a sports bar so don't expect to watch a game here however you'll be watching super hero comics. Nice little touch to this spot. Check it out :)"}, {"review_id": "5lC7wjPugvR22zNIHD_PJA", "user_id": "bIUX-QVjnO1LOwzf8TDbNw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/7/2018", "text": "Decided to try this Miami hot spot eatery because of all of the rave reviews. Totally unassuming and off of the beaten path. Small restaurant with local draft beers. Had a cool vibe to this casual hipster spot. We had the Last Buffalo in the Park, by Funky Buddha .. a dark smooth beer that has chocolate and coconut flavors. Made once a yr and 6 oz servings since the alcohol content is 12% (holy beer gods!!! By far, my favorite beer now) For food we ordered the Grilled Cheese with Tomato soup.. super good and loved that it was made with gruyere, tomato on rye. It was good, but needed more cheese and it must gave sat for a bit because it wasn't very hot and the soup was lukewarm at best. We shared the chicken and waffles w/homemade siracha infused maple syrup (sooo very good) It was light and airy and the syrup gave it that sweet with a little heat! We finished the meal with their award winning key lime pie. Oh. My. Goodness!! It was the BEST key lime pie we've ever had. Totally worth the wait for this alone! The wait was a little long, but tha e service was good and food super good!"}, {"review_id": "dUwKHn1tOaCcm_h8TAYehw", "user_id": "FFxeDM0TAU6x7c9KapDBiA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "1/24/2018", "text": "I've passed this place thousands of times and finally made it in today when in the area. From the outside, it's certainly not inviting, but once you make your way in, it's cute, cozy and non-pretentious. We went for lunch and it was pretty full inside; there are a few tables outside and they too were taken up. I ordered a Diet Coke and it was $1.50 for an 8oz bottle. My friend ordered a Founders Porter for $8.00. He enjoyed his beer and said it tasted like Guiness with a hint of sweetness. 5/5 Florida Alligator $13.00 was done fresh. Usually you'll find pre-battered and par-fried alligator from restaurant supply houses and it's so tough and unpleasant; theirs were done great, light batter, deep fried and the sauces that accompanied this dish were creamy garlic and spicy mayo. 1/5 Johnny Utah Burger $15.00 was \"Voted Best Burger in Miami\" according to their menu, so although the server pushed her favortite, The Frita which was another \"Top voted burger in the USA\", I wanted my buger without guava jelly. The Johnny Utah burger is topped with hot pastrami, Lokal sauce, diced tomatoes, onions and cheddar cheese. I asked for it medium rare and it came Medium. My friend ordered his medium with sweet potato fries and it came out well done. If it wasn't for the overdone meat, it would have been enjoyable and I would have happily paid the $60.00 tab. If you look closely at my burger, one side of it was cooked way more than the other; when they realized it was already overdone, they flipped it and for a few seconds and served it to try to save the tempurature. With a focus on bugers and their claims to fame, why they overcooked our burgers is completely unnaceptable. They're not slow at all so whoever's behind the grill has to have some type of experience, yet they have the JV team handling the cooking. 3/5 Service was actually good but not really; the girls are really nice and pleasant, but after we received our burgers, no one stopped by checking to see how our food was. You can be busy, but a little extra customer service to see how your patron's food was would go a very long way. There was a girl in training to take orders and to push appetizers; the seasoned server should have also taught her to follow up on tables after the food has been dropped off. We were hungry and didn't have time to send back our food or I definately would have; a complete let down for 2 over-cooked burgers; a $60.00 food tab plus tip is a lot of money to pay for poorly executed food that could have been a completely different story..."}, {"review_id": "shk5KdPLDD976DFUeL4nTA", "user_id": "cJCYCEfDL4n5TgU9y8RTWg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/19/2018", "text": "I'm not going to fully judge this highly popular place because I only came for an appetizer and dessert. I'll go straight to it. It took a long time for our order: 3 slices of key lime pies and gator bites appetizer. Not sure what the deal was but it took about 40 mins. Anyway, I was a big fan of their gator strips. They served about 8 pieces of over-breaded strips. The gator meat wasn't even pronounced well? The breading almost tasted like if it was re-fried from the day before plus it was soggy. The real deal was their key lime pie. The crust is amazing!! It's like graham crackers mixed with other ingredients. Their whipped cream on top or merengue was light and thick textured. The pie itself wasn't sour or too sweet, it was just right. I loved this dessert.I'd like to give a huge shout out to my boy Rey for introducing us to Kush! I believe they have amazing food but next time I'll have to come back and review their main dishes."}, {"review_id": "fh5mOJEBmnalGo-KJnNMWg", "user_id": "-Rocdfu1eqSbyqCEBvOzDw", "rating": 2.0, "date": "2/2/2018", "text": "Only giving this place two stars because we walked in 8 minutes before closing time and couldn't get a full experience. We had heard from numerous folks to make sure we stopped at Kush. I'm disappointed we didn't get a chance to eat or have more than one beer. The people sitting at the bar were very friendly and recommended some other places to check out. The bartender was nice enough to write some places down too."}, {"review_id": "NAGd1RR6rebBg4kATU1mKA", "user_id": "oS2hswU8bbOLKlZRtA7BYA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "Cute place. Every detail is thought out and tied together perfectly. If you go during the day you can avoid more of the nighttime busyness. Outdoor seating, doggie menu for the fur babies, great service. In the heart of art in wynwood. Check it out, vegan jambalaya is delicious!"}, {"review_id": "E_24PZn6iHl4dyMmVvXexA", "user_id": "l6QhueMjVIqfdybidb5uBQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/12/2018", "text": "The food was good. I wish I would've ordered a different hamburger as I wasn't to keen with the sweet and salty concept of my waffle burger. Didn't realize what I ordered apparently. So that's partially my fault. It did turn out good just wasn't what I personally like in a burger. I like how they have the option to get sweet potatoes fries and regular at once. That's cool. They have plenty of different beers, although I tried just one. The alligator bites were delicious especially with the different sauces. My friend got the frita burger and she really loved it as it was her second time ordering it there. I'd come back to try something else."}, {"review_id": "dMBzdI5C1aBn7WssRUoguQ", "user_id": "pvqOTPzQ9SZJCnnRlzI3TA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/12/2017", "text": "Came here since we were in the area to see Wynwood Walls. Had the following: - Frita Burger:  Very good. The meat was a little on the dry side. But I added their ketchup to the burger which helped. The guava jelly makes a big difference. You can't really taste the guava but while you're eating the burger, there's a hint of sweetness that is delicious. It's a little expensive for a burger in my opinion. - Chicken n Waffles: Good. The chicken was a little dry. The fried skin comes right off. The waffles were delicious though. Nice, soft and airy. The sriracha maple syrup is weird. I would just prefer regular maple syrup. Eventually, you don't even taste the sriracha though. - Peggy Slaw: pretty good. It's mayo based but it doesn't have that much mayo in it which I preferTL;DR: It's good!  I would definitely recommend it and go back. The burgers are a little pricey though."}, {"review_id": "AxkhQp5IQliYZ_YGwEe8nA", "user_id": "sXBNNJZY4s2Yc70CVa3_YQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/24/2018", "text": "This place has a hipster vibe to it... Cozy Burger and beer joint. Very nice waitress.  Great burgers (Angry Chef and Frita Burger).  While you wait for your table to be ready they have a little section next door where you choose your own bottle beer or they offer 2 tap beers. There are a few games like connect four, Checkers , xominoes,  cards,  etc... We weren't there very long as we were called our cell advising that our table was ready.Frita Burger:Burger served with guava jelly, melted Gruyere, stuffed with potato stix, crispy bacon, LoKal sauce and then pressed on a flat top grill. This was delicious!  Must try! Sorry, no picAngry ChefChef Dre got heated and topped this burger with spicy fried onions, jalapeños, wet slaw, tomato, jack cheese and homemade BBQ sauceWe also tried the alligator bites served with creamy garlic and spicy mayo. We liked the creamy garlic sauce."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/kush-miami-2?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]