[[{"review_id": "ZvYCeqXeEgGIL73j_vFrIg", "user_id": "HYG69csNcr9ely4qNqKztQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "Had a friend visiting Jacksonville and decided to try Black Sheep for dinner. It was a nice night so we ate on the patio. Our waitress Shawna took very good care of the three of us. We started with the smaller size salad which was perfect. Also shared their fried green tomatoes appetizer. My wife had the lamb. Our friend had the pork chop. I had their shrimp and grits. We all loved our meals. Bathrooms clean like they should be. So it's a five. Worth a visit if you are in the Five Points area."}, {"review_id": "J2GMx5JL9lb1z71VbCK_6A", "user_id": "M843QFDhuetsnVq1ugj-gg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "I am writing specifically about their Tuesday Ramen specials. I came in at a time when Crane was closed and it was a shot in the dark to see which Japanese restaurants served good ramen. Ramen is not just a food that you can make from plastic covered packets. It is a culinary tradition that takes a keen sense of flavors to execute properly. I came into black sheep and saw that they were quite busy inside. I opted for outside seating in order to get in and out of there. I ordered the Ramen special that evening and I was excited to finally chow down on a huge bowl of ramen with a nice glass of Chardonnay to pair with the broth.Much to my disappointment, I got a minuscule serving of ramen but the way it was prepared was quite good. The 6 minute egg was done very well, the broth itself was pretty tasty, and it was finished well with Nori and other seasonings. It was not what I was expecting, but it was good. It didn't necessarily satiate my craving for ramen, but it's easier to do that now with a ramen spot just down the street. Again, this is just about the ramen, and I am looking forward to coming into the black sheep again to have things on their regular menu."}, {"review_id": "P1jpaIlM3mITbYP5SzQOBA", "user_id": "AMrhEi4bLvaAcC2XggeBsg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "Great rooftop for happy hour drinks or a weekend brunch with the girls (or boys). I have been here on several occasions: dinner, brunch, happy hour and pre-dinner drinks. I have sat inside at the bar, the patio and the rooftop and by far, rooftop is the way to go..unless its raining. Black Sheep serves great quality food and drinks. I have had the grilled country ham & cheese, roasted duck breast and Korean beef short ribs. Everything here tastes great and is crafted with care; however, I do think the prices are a little steep for regular table service. Overall, nice place to visit in 5-points."}, {"review_id": "PmDNsYttdL_HpuOcDsIK0Q", "user_id": "syc0AhTzma0s1EMKQ9V8mQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/1/2018", "text": "I heard so much about this place that maybe my expectations were too high. I found the food to read better than it actually was. The staff was super nice and helpful and the cocktails were good. I just feel like the food was only so so.My biggest regret was not checking out the rooftop bar. I will make sure to do so next time and revise the review."}, {"review_id": "mHWqkxTYQmmH34Wut4T0MA", "user_id": "hy1taOP0VzQ9rTSLs0uDyg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/1/2018", "text": "I feel like Black Sheep is a well-known restaurant in Jacksonville and I can attest that this place is one that I would frequent. I've been here a handful of times, and each visit I have not been disappointed.The most recent visit was for my friend's. birthday. The group was quite large, so I'm glad a reservation was made in advanced and everyone was very accommodating. The service was fast, but I wish our servers had more of a personality, as they were just in and out really quickly. Yes there was a bunch of us, but they seemed to become increasingly nicer towards the end of the night.The food was delicious! As an appetizer, the grits caught my eyes. I would've ate the entire thing myself, but I figured I would save room for my entree. The. grits were not super gritty, ALMOST smooth, just the way I like it. SUPER cheesy with crunchy bacon bits as well! For my main course I ordered the Grass-fed Hamburger with everything on it, and I would order it again. The fries were tasty and perfectly seasoned - no sauces needed!Overall this was a great experience. I would highly recommend this place if you have not visited before! The menu is a bit eclectic, so be ready to try something new, or, find that super safe option like I did!"}, {"review_id": "RiF4mdBGknCDxjCwIKhIhA", "user_id": "4e9-roUfqfa7fp3zdMKDvw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "Dining at Black Sheep Restaurant for Brunch on a Saturday morning was a wonderful experience. My wife and I decided to dine on the rooftop area which had plenty of shading. I ordered the Korean Short Rib Entrée as recommended by our server. The meat was extremely tender with a nicely crisp outside and covered in a sweet and smoky marinade. It sat on a bed of creamy grits and was paired with tart crisp kimchi and a soft boiled egg. The dish was phenomenal! Overall, Black Sheep is a must visit when in Jacksonville."}, {"review_id": "SkqLt6pSfnUJon_VGi4vQA", "user_id": "2qKOL7C7WbG_M3EOWvTFxA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/31/2018", "text": "TLDR: a culinary masterpiece with an awesome view. Also my boss spilled a drink on the lady sitting behind him. ______Came in here for an meal the night before the big Jax event and was blown away by the food. Fried PicklesMussels in beerFrench onion soup (this was insanely photogenic and just as delicious.) Mac and cheeseAnd even more to share. Between three fellas we tore up the menu. The food was so good it turned my boss into the Incredible Hulk and he spilled a drink on the girl behind us (by accident). What's that have to do with the experience here? Well, nothing...but I know he was embarrassed and he reads my reviews so, Hi Brett. We dined in the rooftop and it was super nice. Perfect weather and nice views.Great beer list too! Drowned all the food in some great local brews"}, {"review_id": "9_alaKIhWkrB6uXNQLrIig", "user_id": "35Rpf-d5HE-PbGCFtp_fqA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/14/2018", "text": "Yesterday was my second time ever eating at Black Sheep. The first time was a couple of years ago, and while we thought the food was good, we weren't terribly impressed. I was a little apprehensive about giving it another try, but thankfully, this time, our experience was much better!We sat inside, at a cute little table, where the hostess and server both had roses for me (this was our Valentine's Day date night), and our server greeted us promptly. Right off the bat, she was clearly very knowledgeable and ran down the specials for the day. We ordered cocktails and began considering what we wanted to eat. Because it was chilly outside, we went with poutine for an appetizer. Our server said they have ramen on Tuesdays, so my husband ordered that, while I got the fresh catch. So the poutine comes out and they pour the smoked short rib gravy over the hand cut fries, short ribs, and cheese curds tableside. We dug in right away, and WOW. It was AMAZING. We've had poutine before at various restaurants, but this was by far our favorite. It was rich and filling and perfect for warming us up. Next up came the ramen and my fresh catch. I tried a couple bites of my husband's ramen, which was really good, and then dug into my fish, which served over littleneck clams, chorizo, mushrooms, and a seafood broth. It was really delicious, with the fish cooked perfectly and I ate every bite. For dessert, my husband got some kind of plum pudding with ginger ice cream, while I got the brownie topped with ice cream and a toasted marshmallow, and this was really the only low point of our meal. My husband really enjoyed his dessert, with the ginger ice cream especially, but the brownie was just... meh. The ice cream was rock solid and wasn't particularly sweet, and the brownie itself was underwhelming. It wasn't BAD, but I wouldn't order it again. All in all, we really enjoyed our meal and are happy to say that the Black Sheep has redeemed itself from our first impression!"}, {"review_id": "ZtedNQQP12S8mBHObY6a1Q", "user_id": "HN5GZtH3YVx2oro5q0VCcw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "Black sheep was delish! Upon arrival we decided to sit on the rooftop, best decision ever. The food and cocktails were devouring. The staff was friendly and our server gave great recommendations. Left feeling stuffed & don't forget to order the beermosa!"}, {"review_id": "nsle7CTj3AdnLjvsLRivng", "user_id": "GEcM9HQazvyveM72fideeQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/19/2018", "text": "I've been to Black Sheep a few times for drinks or weekend brunch, been awhile since I've been for dinner. BUT, I recently went for lunch for the first time and I was pleasantly surprised!I got a 'fancy egg in the hole' that came with a side salad. This was a wonderful dish. The egg was perfectly cooked and placed in this delicious brick of bread. Side salad was well dressed with a simple vinaigrette. They also make a great ruby tea!Totally worth it for a lunch meeting or just to get out of the office."}, {"review_id": "LDgkRKSYh4Z2E6vJ1mw0JQ", "user_id": "5iw30KyIsFtwXa7ZoTqD2Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/29/2017", "text": "Our annual Christmas Eve tradition is to go out to a nice place for dinner after church. This year we chose Black Sheep. We made reservations but the time we went it was not overly crowded. We were even able to find parking up front.  We were seated immediately and greeted by our server who helped us keep our 9 year old in place by saying he was a Santa in training so she better be food.We started with the fried green tomatoes and mussels. I have to say the mussels in a white wine sauce were excellently prepared--cooked just right. The tomatoes were good too but I would have rather had an extra order of the mussels. My entree was the duck breast. I was a little underwhelmed by the portion size but it ended up being just perfect. The duck was the perfect sear of rare that I expect.  I also had a side of the brussels sprouts which paired well with the duck. Service, ambiance, and especially the meal were absolutely a great start to Christmas."}, {"review_id": "_kVW3HqkqiMPjrvBXVoOrw", "user_id": "JluiUv88bkA5RU0jy5pF0w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "This restaurant is amazing! We sat on the rooftop for a late brunch and we all walked away fat and happy. The deviled eggs, albeit a little expensive ($2 for a single egg) were delicious, the French onion soup was good, and the poutine was phenomenal. They also had a great craft beer selection, which included a sour. The service sucked, but the food was so good it made up for it."}, {"review_id": "Xnq9-NnTcjJZqMXYmXwlLQ", "user_id": "s6Ot3oxwdZRQbJuMXj5Idw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/5/2018", "text": "I came here after eating so unfortunately I wasn't able to try the food this time around but I've heard from the locals that it's fantastic! I came here one Friday night to have drinks with a friend on the patio bar. It's such a cute atmosphere, very romantic and intimate. It's also very dark but they give you flashlights to see your menu which is a nice touch. The drinks were good and they have a decent selection as well. They were a little higher priced than what I'm used to however it seems like you are paying for the experience more. Would definitely come here again!"}, {"review_id": "cpAsTiAqgeETS93jksIkrA", "user_id": "tFvHNXzsc_KuPQcuYqHGSw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "I've been here a few times and the drinks are fantastic!The grilled Reuben is quite big and really good. The scallop appetizer was very yummy. And the burger...oh my!You must sit at the rooftop bar, the breeze is just as delicious as the view.I'll be back for sure!"}, {"review_id": "3TMBAdNBFxY_yA_5ltz9tw", "user_id": "KJTAzAXdG-SBZZVsJnfDQw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/7/2018", "text": "Black Sheep  Restaurant. I wish I could give it 5 stars but there are too many things that have been an issue each time I've gone. One-you will wait forever for a table. The view from the rooftop bar is pretty awesome but when it's freezing or hot as heck outside there's no comfortable way to wait. The two times I have gone the hostesses haven't been very nice. I know one or two people doesn't mean everyone isn't friendly. But these two individuals were my first contact and they can shape the vibe for the visit. The servers have always been really friendly and helpful but the food doesn't make sense. I've only been for dinner and I've never been super impressed. Then again I don't eat duck or lamb neck. I also cannot pronounce half the things on the menu. Maybe this is more of a reflection of my liberal arts college education.  There aren't many vegetarian/vegan options if you don't want to eat a salad. The one thing I will say is the desserts are AMAZING. So you at least need to go check it out for the desserts. Dessert & wine  that's what I'm recommending at Black Sheep.Also, it's loud."}, {"review_id": "ukAQkpiC07QDhkmloSV8PQ", "user_id": "_MfUvsForbgBZ5conu83cw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/26/2018", "text": "The food, service and atmosphere here was perfect. We sat roof top and not even the rather rude upstairs Nazi/greeter could spoil our food. She chewed out her coworker right in front of us.. just not cool. The freshly berated staff member then showed us to our table, and she was delightful...that's sooo professional as I'm sure she was seething at her slovenly, overly-tatted coworker inside.The food was loved by all in our group..Korean short ribs and grits are a stand out item, the tomato quiche was delicious too. We also had a couple of starters..the deep fried olives were presented perfectly..that's hard to make those so pretty.Cocktail menu is extensive...some really weird stuff here ! We tried a couple they were competent .. but sometimes nothing beats a chilled glass of wine."}, {"review_id": "emD1CYMHG_uE3aw3_kN7Xg", "user_id": "M2czY-QSBZLit_oyCxCQNg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Great food. Casual dining. The cheese appetizer selections had the best names and were delicious. One note about it, if you have a bit allergy, be sure to let the waiter know since it has a bunch of nuts (segregated) on the plate. But no telling if one of the got away and touched the cheese. The main dish was delicious. We had the Korean short ribs-Kim Chee not spicy at all (kind of disappointing) but short ribs were very tender. Grits were good too.  The special fish of the day was prepared well. Too much pepper for me, but clams were great. The little potatoes and tomato grapes were wonderful. For dessert we had to taste the honey creme brûlée-very yummy. We also had the brownie with parsnip ice cream. That was also yummy with the very dense brownie.  All in all, very pleasant and recommend trying."}, {"review_id": "SZvDxGPha_7ixt_U5xcixA", "user_id": "7lhnIQAnRfgcy1cyKBs2pg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "The bar food is delicious and the prices are reasonable. I ordered the pate, fried green tomatoes, and smoked salmon. All of it super good."}, {"review_id": "VqkQ7MVkye61KhWEUhJkQQ", "user_id": "pou3BbKsIozfH50rxmnMew", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/2/2017", "text": "Why 5 stars? Because everything about our experience was so pleasant.   ---   ---   ---Blue A from BPB and Yelp Jax celebrity, Matt C, did not mess around during this visit. We probably ordered enough food for a party of 6, but we downed just about every last bite. And sitting on the rooftop was about as nice as we could have hoped for. It was virtually the first night in months that didn't feel like summer, and there's something about starring at the backdrop of a skyline that's just so lovely. But as for the food:Poutine: 5-stars. As good as poutine gets, and the bonus was that this was Blue's first time eating poutine! S'weird, right?Old Bay Potato Chips: 4-stars. We didn't order this, but the server brought it out by mistake and said that we could just keep it. It came with bleu cheese dressing, and as a person who hates bleu cheese, I just stuck to the chips themselves, which were fine. But Blue ordered the fried green olives, which came with a pimento cheese, and the chips were perfect with that!Fried Green Olivers: 4-stars. I'm also not a olives fan, so I only tried one, at the urging of Blue and Matt. While I wouldn't order them myself, they were nothing like eating a plain olive. The breading and pimento dip made them much more tolerable :)Mac-n-Cheese: 5-stars. About as good as mac gets - a definite must-order!Fried Green Tomatoes: 4-stars. These were fine, but I have had better FGT.Mussels: 4-stars. I feel like mussels pretty much always taste the exact same, no matter which restaurant they come from. These weren't bad, but didn't stand out, either.Korean Beef Short Ribs: 5-stars. My favorite part of the meal. The sides that accompanied the beef were perfection on a plate. I really loved every bite of this dish.Creme Brulee: 5-stars. Much like I said about the mac-n-cheese: as good as creme brulee gets!Some kind of peach dessert: 4-stars. I can't remember exactly what was called, but it was some kind of peach-based plate. I enjoyed it, but it was over shadowed by the creme brulee, our group unanimously agreed.I would definitely recommend Black Sheep when visiting Jax, especially if you can sit on the rooftop when the weather is nice!"}, {"review_id": "jmrZork3HEpy-6LtWCpvIQ", "user_id": "AGrR0YVyFId2xjY9c4M2hw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/11/2018", "text": "It's nice to get out of the house for brunch every now and then.  I chose Black Sheep for my lunch spot today because of the atmosphere.  I like the roof top vibe and they always have the best drinks. I ordered a Bloody Mary and their salmon bagel.  Both were good."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/black-sheep-restaurant-jacksonville?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]