[[{"review_id": "3K7_kXJ6SFtPUQjZNXMi6A", "user_id": "MHJEucGHQUuiVBXOVv1Yyg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "My wife and I tried Ethiopian food for the very first time and Desta was simply amazing!Our server (head server there) was patient, friendly and so helpful with our first visit. She had fantastic recommendations and steered us to a delicious experience.We had the Meat Lovers' Tibs with fillet, chicken and lamb. The sides (potato stew and chickpea stew) were outrageously scrumptious and the meat was cooked to a savory perfection.Overall, we both walked away floored at the experience and have already told all our friends about Desta. We will be back!"}, {"review_id": "YsC5N0HAf-wa7NhxTE7y9A", "user_id": "TBzXExGmm-eInev-EHVN2w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/23/2018", "text": "This was my first time trying Ethiopian food and boy was I impressed.  I had always heard great things about Ethipian,  but had never gotten the right chance to give it a good try.  Boy what a great intro to this lovely world of beautifully prepared gastro-heavenland. The ambiance is rather nice,  and we were seated almost immediately.  There's hand sanitizer on the table so you can dive in and use your hands without concerns for germs.  They apparently do breakfast all day,  but since this was my first time,  I decided to stick to the big guns. As you can see from my pictures,  i had the chicken Tibs with pita bread (the best bread I've had in a long time) as well as the potato salad with beats. The chicken has an incredible flavor with seared onions and delicious spices.  We also got the vegetarian entree which had a little bit of everything you could possibly try.  So if it's your first time trying Ethiopian  I would definitely get that. Overall,  the place is incredible and I highly recommend it for all first timers.  The food is reasonably priced and you can't go wrong with ordering a few extra dishes to try and getting it to go."}, {"review_id": "IM4_5xXU25nbWAYVrp0K5Q", "user_id": "c_ZccOjggJlXQHwSE8jsRg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "Continues to be a must stop for me when in Atlanta!  Their food has always been consistent and fresh, flavors are beyond this world and the service is on point.This is a busy place so don't expect a romantic space, however it certainly is an experience for everyone who has never been there before.Love their Kitfo (dare devil) and their tibs.If you want to try Ethiopian food this is a must!!!"}, {"review_id": "qsmttGOmACoXpt2fJib7Bg", "user_id": "IqUD0yoRq66PqnbSvRb5JA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "Sooo good!!! The food was amazing!!! Seriously amazing! I was starting wonder when the wait was 40 minutes for a seat at the bar. Where  was my boyfriend taking me? I thought this is crazy. But omg the food I would wait 2 hrs for a seat at the bar. The service was even better then the food our beautiful waitress was pregnant and busy and didn't miss a beat!! Food was not only amazing it was an experience. We ended up getting a cozy table for two. I can't wait to return!!"}, {"review_id": "IGFRFYZchGM-G_-5LLqQjQ", "user_id": "laVKssSoagdrTfGL2aCttA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/5/2018", "text": "Came here for a bday dinner with one of my best friends from high school on a thursday evening and boy was it already poppin! We didnt have a reservation or anything but we were seated immediately since it was just the two of us. Our server was amazing, had great recommendations and left us with our plates totally empty! We each had a glass of wine for like $8 each, so it was very reasonable. We had the veggie sambusa ($3.50) because everyone gushes about it. It was worth it! so very good.For the main food, we ordered the meat lovers ($36) which is a good amount of food for 2 people. With this item you can get 3 different meats and a few small portions of sides. We ended up doing shrimp, lamb, and filet. As for sides, we ordered the potato salad, pita, inerja, and miser. All the meats were very juicy and had a whole lot of flavor. My main \"cons\" are that each meat is cooked with about a pound of onions which I wish they mentioned beforehand as I really dislike onions. The menu reads \"tossed in a secret blend of spices, onions, tomatoes\" you will see how many onions there are in the picture below. I also felt like the portions of the sides were really small. Like it was one bite.Overall I would definitely come back and maybe try to come back when it isn't as busy and make sure to ask for no onions."}, {"review_id": "0PnGyQHjiM8fcwPAEGPP5w", "user_id": "Y6_k50USig9N4TYPZkUySA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/9/2018", "text": "One way to describe Desta would be addicting (at least for me).  A friend and I decided to eat lunch here on a Saturday and the place was packed but there were plenty of parking in the front and side of the restaurant.  The host was located at the front by the door and kindly showed us to our table (no wait on a Saturday in Atlanta? YES).  I liked that they included hand sanitizer at each table.  There was seating available inside the restaurant and the covered patio area.  We decided to side inside the restaurant and the first thing I noticed as we were seated was the aroma of different spices as the waiters and waitress brought out food from the kitchen.  Our waitress was such as sweetheart and took the time to explain the menu to us and to answer any and all questions that we had.  We order to steak tibs and chicken tibs with rice, cabbage, and collard greens.  I also ordered the spongy bread (I cannot recall the name) but it tasted sort of like sourdough bread and we used it to pick up our food.  They also provide utensils if you wish to eat it in the \"formal\" way.  It took awhile for our food to come but it was well worth it.  Everything was cooked to perfection and it was more than enough food for two people.  The meat was very fresh and included bits of tomato and small pieces of jalapeno (but they did not make the meal spicy).  We chose to eat it in \"family style\" in which everything was served on one large plate.  It was an awesome experience.  The meal was soooooo good that I decided to place a to-go order for steak tibs and I enjoyed that the next day.  I will definitely be back soon!!!"}, {"review_id": "uwvaL6Av_IQJ5HYwj1iTtw", "user_id": "VFCBR0N8aL17Wp_CTqCfog", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/8/2018", "text": "Desta Ethiopian restaurant is considered to be one or The Best Ethiopian cuisine in the city. The restaurant has steady traffic and is very popular so if you have a large party a reservation is highly recommended. The restaurant has free parking, a large lot and it's conveniently located right off of 85 on Briarcliff and Clairmont.The restaurant has lots of protein dishes to choose from as well as an ample selection of vegetarian dishes. I knew that there were several selections to choose from so I viewed the menu online and was ready to order when I sat at the table. Ethiopia makes some of the best honey wine so I started with a glass of Sheba Tej for $9.... it was perfect.Although the restaurant was full the hostess immediately greeted me when I walked in. The waitress was attentive and did an awesome job serving our large party. She answered questions and gave recommendations. Im pescaterian so I went with the salmon tibs. The tibs are the most popular dish at Desta. You have your selection of tender cubed meat( lamb,  chicken,  Salomon,  ground beef,  shrimp,  fish,  rib-eye, ground beef and filet mignon) sauteed with spices, onions, peppers, tomatoes and spiced olive oil. With the tibs entree you choose 1 bread or rice and a vegetable side. The salmon entree was $13.50 and very filling, the meal could serve people depending on your appetite. My food was seasoned perfectly. After each bite, I kept thinking, \" i can't wait until my next visit\"."}, {"review_id": "u0UJWwmG6BOEBdBnyJwnBg", "user_id": "lyPhoS2kNDhT7kh9NfTMLw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/10/2018", "text": "What a fantastic treat! I have been hearing about this restaurant for years, and I am so glad I finally made the time to swing by with a friend.We visited on a Saturday around lunchtime. I could tell from the parking lot that it would be crowded. There was a wait when we arrived, but we got our names on the list and were seated in no time. The inside of the restaurant seated about 30 people or so and was a bit of a snug fit, but once the food arrived, I did not think of anyone else! They also have a large outdoor seating area, but it was not open on the day of our visit (which happened to be an unseasonably warm day).My friend and I did not know a great deal about Ethiopian food, so we decided to order an assortment of items. To start, we ordered the Gomen-Siljo dip. It was made of tofu and gomen (collards), seasoned with garlic, ginger, hot mustard and olive oil. It was an excellent start to the meal and got us excited about the rest to come.We ordered the veggie platter because we knew that would get us a great deal of variety and the chicken tibs.  The vegetarian platter included shiro (chick pea stew), misir (red lentil stew), ater (split pea stew), dinech wot (potato stew), gomen (collards), cabbage, salad, azifa, beets and potato salad, and fit fit (tomatoes, onion, peppers, and garlic). The beet and potato salad was a surprising show stopper (and I don't even like beets!). All of the veg dishes were great and went perfectly with the fluffy injera. The winner of the meal, however, was the tibs! If I had it to do again, I may order an assortment of tibs and make the whole thing a meatfest. The chicken was simply outstanding. The folks sitting at a nearby table were enjoying some sort of stew that also looked fantastic.I will definitely be back, and I look forward to trying more!"}, {"review_id": "j85DMlZdyfVSguyBLGv8Mw", "user_id": "SFFUigqyOSKZ9ehih_6j7w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/28/2018", "text": "First time eating Ethiopian food and I was not disappointed. Well seasoned with some new spices to my flavor palate. Greatly appreciated. It can get spicy if you like that. I'm somewhere btwn medium & spicy myself. Service was good. Food was very tasty. I ordered the Goden Tibs (short ribs), collards, & injera (excuse spelling) but it's a cold, spongy bread. I used the injera like a wrap. It comes rolled like a fruit roll up lol. My food came out quickly & they bring the meat out sizzling on a cast iron skillet & pour it onto your plate so it's definitely hot. I thought it was a good portion size. My server had a soft speaking voice so it was a little difficult to hear her over the talking & mainly reggae music. Tables are tight & the patio was closed at the time. For these reasons, I rated 4 stars.Open parking & they have a drive thru. Not sure how quickly ordering at the window would be but a nice convenience.P.s. the red sauce is phenomenal! (That was so American). Someone please educate me on the name cuz I forgot it but it begins with an \"A\""}, {"review_id": "IEvKpyKnKzV8BlpwVcQ-Rg", "user_id": "4VryhlYwOdFOD-L5RT3v2A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/21/2018", "text": "Desta has always been one of those restaurants I bookmarked in hope that I would someday go, but never got around to it (despite the many recommendations). A friend whose father is friends with the owner suggested that we meet there for dinner after work and I was thankful to have her as a guide, even though the menu is fairly easy to navigate for those of us non-Ethiopians.It took me a moment to find the restaurant within the shopping plaza (even though it's a large building). The only word from the sign lit up was \"Ethiopian.\" There's a ton of parking to the side and behind the building, though not as much directly in front. We arrived at 6:45 on a Friday evening and the waiting area was already full. We were told there would be a 35 minute wait for a party of 2, but it only took 20 minutes to be seated. We sat at a table in the upstairs section of the restaurant. It was very full and the tables were close together. The atmosphere was lively and fun, despite being dimly lit, almost sultry in appearance. The provided hand sanitizer and sinks for guests who choose to eat with their hands (which I would highly recommend as it adds to the experience). I ordered lamb tips with miser (spicy red lentils) and injera. The really great thing about the Desta menu is that it offers a definition for the items that are maybe a little confusing or ones the customer has never encountered before. My friend ordered the fish tips with injera and a side salad. I have to pay a huge compliment to the salad. It was not what you would expect from a side salad, but came with great greens, tomatoes, jalapeños, etc. They also brought us another basket of injera upon request. The food was great. As someone who eats a lot of Indian and Bengali food I had expected for it to be hot based on the color and the amount of spices that went into it. The flavor was really smooth and pleasant. It could have been made spicier upon request. My lamb tips had a lot of vegetables and whole herbs, which gave it a more \"homemade\" feeling. It was real food,  made to order and delicious, exactly what the customer is looking for. I brought home my leftovers and they were just as fantastic heated up the next day."}, {"review_id": "srlMIdqz-dhHJXPTUq9Gig", "user_id": "-WmyuVOTnpAQ4oW_rAv93w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/8/2018", "text": "Desta has easily become my favorite place for Ethiopian in Atl. They are always busy and the parking lot is super packed. They offer breakfast and a drive through but I always like to go inside and sit down. For starters, get the sambusa. Like egg rolls but filled with lentil or beef. I like an order of both kinds but the lentil is spicier! If you're feeling hungry, also start with some kitfo. Served spiraled in a tortilla or as a 'slice' I highly recommend this raw treat. Eating raw beef is definitely not for everyone, but if you are feeling adventurous and love some spice order it.I also like to go with a group of 2+ because ordering a big platter is better. Choose the Meat Lovers (3 different kinds of meats, all cooked up with special spices, red onion, jalapeños etc) I always choose Filet, Lamb, and a fish. Some like Salmon but I prefer the white fish. Then choose your bread -obviously I can only recommend what I have tried. Injera is the custom and Ethiopian bread is absolutely fantastic. Injera is a spongy almost crepe-thin bread made from Teff flour. It has an almost sour taste that you enjoy from sourdough but the texture is divine and they roll the thin pieces into logs and serve them on the side. Use the bread to soak up juices, add some spice and if you feel like it, pick up meats by hand.You also get options for vegetable sides. Some favorites of mine- collards, spicy red lentils, potato stew, beet and potato salad, yellow split pea. Ask for a side of Mitmita or Awaze (ah-wah-zay) for extra seasoning and a punch of spice that'll clear out your sinuses. You cannot go wrong with Desta! All the food is incredible every time we go. They are always helpful and generous, even if service is slower the food comes out fast and they genuinely enjoy newbies that have never had Ethiopian. Ask for recommendations and use the left side of your menu to help navigate vocabulary. You won't be disappointed !!!"}, {"review_id": "JdXqujxLaswQ4iaR52NxAg", "user_id": "Bpb6CVTYpsLEZzMYz1LphQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/17/2018", "text": "This place lived up to the hype for me. An excellent Ethiopian experience for me. For starters, this place is extremely busy during Friday and Saturday dinners and by extremely busy I mean one may have to wait around an hour to get a table. I and my wife visited on a Saturday night and had to wait around 45 minutes to get a table though initially we are provided a more conservative estimate of 1 hour. So I suggest calling them before coming and putting your name on the wait list if you are sensitive about the waiting duration. For people not accustomed with the Ethiopian cuisine, it is a unique culmination of centuries long influence from Mediterranean, Arabic and the indigineous African tastes. The primary specialty is the Ingera bread which is a tangy spongy stretchable bread which forms the base of almost all their cuisines. We ordered Chicken Tib with added spice and topped with Shiro (chickpea sauce) and Biret Mitad tibs (pieces of lamb cooked over very high flame). People with spicy palates will definitely appreciate the choice of adding extra spice and it tasted delicious. The lamb was also cooked to perfection, neither too chewy not too hard. There were sufficient Ingera bread rolls supplied to our table and our server was attendive on that. We just devoured on our items - they were so delicious. For dessert, we tried out Baklava. It was not the best Baklava that we have tasted but it was quite fresh. The crust was a little harder than the best ones from the Greek restaurants. I have tried out Queen of Sheba before and this place is better than this. A slight issue is the wait time and I suggest people to reserve a place over the phone before going."}, {"review_id": "rpfiocDoomNsrU8IkAV6lA", "user_id": "B7QRbOW5RCkWBcGJCasgpg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/15/2018", "text": "Desta Ethiopian kitchen is one of those esteemed restaurants that are so good at their particular niche that they end up representing an entire cuisine! Such can be said about this place and its association with Atlanta's best Ethiopian food. You come to Desta for a yummy, authentic Ethiopian food mixed with warm and quick service, and an efficient and reliable kitchen.In addition to gushing about the delightful food, the wonderfully spiced and well-seasoned sides, tons of vegetarian options, and all the other great things than other reviews have raved about, I'm going to focus on some neat tips:Tip #1: This place opens at 10 am! You can actually eat a fairly early lunch if you want to avoid the noon work crowd. This is actually very efficient and ends up making this place one of my faves if I want to have an early 10:30 or 11 am lunch.Tip #2: If you are a seasoned Yelper you would realize that Yelp recently (at least relatively recently) introduced a Yelp cash back option. Well, guess what? Desta Ethiopian Kitchen participates in the Yelp cash back. What that means is you store your favorite credit card on your Yelp account and if you use that credit card at Desta, you get a whopping 7% cash back! That is an awesome deal especially since when it comes with delicious Ethiopian food! Bonus tip: Check out the attached pics for a preview of some of the dishes! Bon appetit!"}, {"review_id": "7ecq18jZ3kzjq2AIVBGGNQ", "user_id": "-YJmEquORmH4mmMa9OlMhg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/5/2018", "text": "Came here on a Saturday around lunch time. I heard really good things about this place, as one of my friend's food club comes here frequently. I never had ethiopian food before, but this place definitely made it pretty good. It's not too pricey, and you get a good portion for what it is. They have a spongey bread that is used to pick up food, like indian naan that is really good. I ordered the lamb and some of the other things too. The servers are really helpful, so ask them what things are. Or on the menu, it also explains the items really in detail too. I would highly recommend."}, {"review_id": "m5_sZHfE6PlemRyyjjGUYg", "user_id": "FnObzdzxUyTJql_3NlBtXQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/9/2018", "text": "This has got to be one of the best meals I have had period, well I use the word meal lightly it was more like a feast of amazingness! Despite have had Ethiopian many times overs, this was an elevation of the cuisine and that is not just the Ethiopian beer talking, I really was glad they had a selection of a few Ethiopian beers it really does add to event although the Ice tea is equally good as it is spiced and amazing. If it is a nice Saturday evening and you find yourself here without a reservation and you are quoted a long wait time, you may be tempted to leave but look around and you will see a large gathering of people patiently waiting, join them because they know all its worth it.  We started with a gomen dip that was so unique and delicious, we called it wasabi tofu initially but that is an under simplification and it stole the show with its texture and the hints of ginger and garlic.The  menu has numerous treatments of protein tibs and wats as well as some of the most flavorful vegetarian dishes around, all served on a bed of injera. The injera here was a much milder form that I have had in the past with not as pronounced sourdough flavor to overwhelm the flavor profile of the of the various dishes.  I think this is why I liked this place so much. We honestly order way too much food but it was worth it.   The salmon and lamb tibs were just perfection and when you throw in the fact you can get filet mignon tibis this was a must a bust try. It really is a cut above the beef tibs (pun intended) as the wonderful oils from the meat just melt together wonderfully with the onions peppers and tomatoes. The lamb had the same effect and was equally impressive. The Salmon pieces were a great addition to give a bit of a different texture but still good they are well marinated and cooked well the tomatoes make it feel like it has been lightly stewed.I have the feeling that I am forgetting something oh yeah your veggies, now these are some vegetarian dishes I can get behind. You have an excellent potato stew (Dinech wot), the great split pea stew (Ater), the collard (Gomen) and red lentil (Miser). These are just a few of the staples that we added to our platter. I honestly think nothing here can be bad. The staff was very friendly and helpful, its best to do your research and be ready to place your order, we never felt rush but we still inhaled our food mostly because it was that good.  All of the meats in fact were seasoned to perfection and they had jalapeños in it for the always appreciated heat factor! P.S. The Menu Layout was great does a good job of simplifying the ordering!"}, {"review_id": "LlS0TIHGSEj3rBENmJ-OxQ", "user_id": "GSPCrfEz-Bx-armWU6QRAg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/2/2018", "text": "I'll be back for sure. This place is GOOD. Parking - Parking lot. A pretty good amount of space. But I have a strong feeling.... it gets slammed during peak times. Space - Mediumish. There's a downstairs and upstairs, however, it does get fairly cramped. The sitting area is tiny. There are seats available but when people are walking around, it can feel uncomfy. *In order for you to be seated, you need to have your entire party. *As soon as you get inside, make sure to check in with hostess. Service - Pretty good. Food came out quickly. We had a party of 7...our food came out quicker than I thought. Food:Chicken with Rice, Cabbage, and Pita Bread. Everything was delicious. Nomnomnom. Definitely expected a different taste since it's Ethiopian, but was pleasantly happy. I normally just eat Asian/American. Desta gives plenty of everything too. I was full by the end of the meal. I think the more exotic items on the menu are probably heavier on the Ethiopian side but I don't mind trying out more Americanized items first."}, {"review_id": "ztF4TyKY8NMJ_FGxT0AvVQ", "user_id": "aUHkisYNDFkiDyExTg3O7w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "We came to Desta at the request of my sister-in-law (its one of her favorite restaurants in Atlanta) and we really enjoyed it! Not having had Ethiopian before, I tried the chicken tibs, which seemed like a safe choice. They were delicious! The \"bread\" is a bit strange but once you get used to it, it's pretty good. If you're willing to be a little adventurous, I would definitely recommend Desta. The only downside was that it was very busy and a bit cramped, so we had a hard time hearing each other over the noise. But a crowded restaurant means the food is probably good!"}, {"review_id": "o2njnSt_zRw_Qa7Bfuy4Uw", "user_id": "ozYkmn4V_VVpzM2g6Imv1Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/27/2018", "text": "This is my first time ever having Ethiopian food. I've not even before now gotten a taste, even though I have had a couple Ethiopian co-workers before. Even though I'd never had it, my anthropologist major curiosity had me at least familiarizing myself with Ethiopian food a little bit (including the, *horrors* to some people, eating with one's hands).So, one of my friends wanted to get a couple of us together to go out here.It's funny when I'd looked up where this place was how many times I've apparently driven by it and not known it was there (I suppose because even though it's on Briarcliff near Clairmont, the actual intersection has a Popeye's that kind of hides it). Still, not seeing a two-story building is a little funny, though my anal retentive driving habits don't really have me looking at most anything but the road, speed limit signs, and what other vehicles as doing (back home, there were plenty of \"Did you see me? I was waving at you when you were driving.\" with me saying, \"No, I was driving.\" conversations).It was about 8:15pm when I got there, and getting past the Popeye's I took a chance that the restaurant with only \"Ethiopian\" lit up on its façade at about where the map pin said it should be was Desta (when I actually got in the plaza and slowed down to plaza speed, it's then when I saw the unlit \"Desta\" above it and \"Kitchen\" below). Until I saw that I was still hesitant because the map when I'd looked up the place also said there were at least two other Ethiopian restaurants in the same plaza.I was the first one there, so while I was waiting for my friends to say they'd arrived, I peeped around. I noticed they have a drive-up window, and I saw people go in and out of the neighboring post office. There were a few young loitering guys who gave me pause a little (like, stop hovering around my car, dudes). I'd noticed as well a catering trailer with social media emblems all over its backside. Finally, they said they were inside by the host stand, and so in I went (note: the drive-up window is on the complete opposite side of the main entrance).I saw one of our party of three and said hello, seeing my other friend chatting it up with one of the staff. When he was done and came to join us, my first question to him was about the wait time, because I did see various strong advisories/counsels to making advance reservations and I was hungry. He'd said about 10-15 minutes. It turns out he had, until about two years ago, frequented Desta pretty much weekly, and that the staff person with whom he was talking actually recognized him even though it had been a while. Meanwhile the host, an older man clinging to his reservations/customer queue iPad and seeming kind of bored as he spoke, said a table had opened upstairs and we could sit there if we wanted.No: my friend wanted to sit at his staff friend's downstairs table as he'd requested. Soon, we were there. The room was fairly cozy, and it seemed smaller than the building's size from outside seemed to indicate. She introduced herself: Natsanet. As she said her name, I noticed it embroidered on her button-down, green Desta uniform shirt (different than most everyone else, who wore fuchsia/lavender Desta uniform t-shirts) along with \"Team Lead\". She quickly spouted off to my seasoned Desta customer friend what was probably a standing order, and he modified it slightly to \"very brave\" kitfo for he and our other friend, and then assorted tibs with extra injera. I decided on the vegetable platter, which is pretty much a sampling of mostly everything they offer on the \"vegan\" section of their menu.My other virgin-to-Ethiopian-Food friend described the kitfo when he'd gotten it as \"lasagna in sushi form\". They quickly devoured it. As they were eating my vegetable platter arrived. It was pretty to look at, though it came with not quite enough injera initially to take care of everything on the plate. I pretty much used my index finger to food to mouth for a good bit of the remainder until my seasoned friend offered me another roll.Overall, we enjoyed our meals, feeling absolutely full (probably in good measure due to the injera itself). My favorite out of the ten different offerings on the plate was probably -- no surprise -- the shiro. It took a little bit for Natsanet to come collect our cards for payment (and even my friend started to have a face, like, \"We're kind of ready for you to come get this.\"), but we settled up finally and bid farewell.I suppose this was a safe way to introduce one to Ethiopian food gently, especially since they've been around long enough. I'm glad I went, and that we were in the care of someone who knows her stuff.Fan."}, {"review_id": "Ke2lYyypNfms8bJxKz23Jg", "user_id": "7wwKmA5Dv8mUd-TmXPOG1w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/25/2018", "text": "Desta is probably a must visit restaurant in Atlanta. It stayed on my list for a while and I was glad that I finally found time to visit. I believe I visited on a Friday early evening... the line was already extremely long. Quite a long wait for us and I noticed that the line only got longer and longer... Just be prepared. The restaurant has pretty spacious space outside; however, inside was fairly small and tight on space especially between seats. We sat inside for the visit. Here are a few things that we've tried. Lamb Tibs, Salmon Tibs, and Goden Tibs. Lamb Tibs (5/5) was my favorite. Very tender and flavorful. Spice was just about right. They prep it well so no strong and unpleasant \"lamb\" taste left on which sometimes turn me off. I would totally get it again! We chose miser and injera as sides to go with. Injera was pretty good. It was pretty much just soft and spongy flatbread. Went well with the cooked sauces. Not a big fan of miser (red lentil bean stew) since I don't like lentil beans. So I can't comment much on that. Goden Tibs (4.5/5) was my second favorite. The sizzling prime short ribs was nicely marinaded in their own sauce and came with onion, tomato, garlic, and jalapeño. I really like everything garlic so it was a enjoyable dish for me. Meat quality was good too. We had this one with Gomen... to me it's like collard greens but it was not tasty at all to me personally. Won't recommend. Last dish that we tried was the salmon Tibs (3/5). I probably won't get this again. It was fairly mediocre... salmon wasn't that fresh and didn't feel like it's wild caught but farm-raised... We tried the side with cabbage for this - just an okay. Wasn't super impressed by it. Overall, Desta serves pretty delicious Ethiopian food and definitely worth a visit! I would just suggest doing your research and try the dishes that are actually worth trying. If you can, maybe try visiting during the weekdays to avoid the long line!"}, {"review_id": "shiKSFzUdoiYMho2sgJaDQ", "user_id": "MTJ_FnsHNBxV5N2HxYi1Tg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/3/2018", "text": "My order was done via Yelp. When we arrived, we were not greeted but it was extremely busy. We stood where someone would notice us and the waiter asked if he could assist us. After being told we had a mobile order, he asked my name and told someone in the back. No more than 3min later we had our order. The young lady who supplied us with our food went over the items with me to make sure what they had received from yelp was correct. It was and we then departed. There was an outside, inside, and inside upstairs area to dine but opted to eat at our hotel. I ordered fir fir with tibs! The tibs were tender and melted right in my mouth. The fir fir was also perfection with just the right amount of sauce and they did not skimp on the tibs!!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/desta-ethiopian-kitchen-atlanta?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]