[[{"review_id": "AnRza03IHE3Ty7Jp8s4naQ", "user_id": "VBfxki-qsiRQ-Qvr1bGQoQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "The best biscuits I've ever had! Crispy and buttery on the outside and huge! They are so uniquely great,  we bought a dozen on our way out. We visited the Buttermilk Kitchen this past Saturday and ate until we could barely walk. We had the Chicken and Waffle with the sriracha butter, granola, biscuits and gravy,  pancakes, and Short rib hash. Everything was perfectly cooked and the staff was amazing. The owner even stopped by our table and chatted for a moment. This is our new favorite breakfast place when we visit Atlanta. Hopefully we'll get a chance to do the fancy fried chicken dinner one day, which is only once a month!"}, {"review_id": "QW-EXW3RzkfL5Q738T2mWQ", "user_id": "exOlTPqTzMRyfr2-yayzzA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "This place came highly recommended so when I took a weekend trip to Atlanta with by boyfriend we decided to check it out. The wait was pretty crazy (they quoted us an hour and a half on a rainy Sunday morning) but we were able to score two seats at the bar after about 45 minutes. While you wait they offer mugs that you can buy for unlimited coffee refills.It's cute and cozy inside and most feels like you are eating in someone's house. The staff was great and friendly and the overall the food was good. We tried the pimento toast appetizer. The pimento cheese is nice and fresh and the pieces of bread are super fluffy. The combo of the bread, jelly, pickles and cheese come together quite nicely together. I ordered the famous chicken biscuit for my entree but thought it was only ok. The biscuit was good, but I felt like the sandwich was quite plain with just a little bit of jelly and some pickles combined with the chicken. The grits served with the biscuit, on the other hand, were delicious and mixed with pimento cheese for a nice kick. My boyfriend got the chicken and waffles and loved the whiskey syrup and siracha butter that came with it."}, {"review_id": "-eY8UxDYRMEFciMT8nlKyA", "user_id": "CkQX4GHcSkHYYalZSeiHNw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "OMG. I love brunch. Love it. And even though I waited 35 minutes for a table on a cold, damp Sunday morning, this may have been my favorite brunch I've had in a while. I ordered the bacon pimento omelet. You should too. It's served with thick slices of bacon, pimento cheese, and this sweet red pepper jelly in the middle of your omelette. YUM. I got a side of grits with it and it's served with a biscuit that is crunchy and buttery on the outside and soft and fluffy on the inside. So good. There is no alcohol for mimosas or other brunch drinks, but their fresh press coffee was good (beans from rev coffee I believe). Parking was also quite full, but there's a sign right in the building telling you where you can park on specific days. I can't wait to go back!"}, {"review_id": "0yarby6izMwsnhZnW0uUsQ", "user_id": "ZzPWBvoRd4h3b67TzgrCYg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "The long lines for brunch talks pretty much about the place. Do expect 30 to 40mins wait to be seated. Parking might be a problem when it gets crowded. I suggest to arrive early if your planning to do brunch. The menu is small but very well detailed. The food is amazing! The chicken biscuit is the best i've had. It comes along with grits and pickles. The portion is bigger than what it appears on the pictures. My friends got chicken and waffle and they were very happy. We ended up with bloated bellies. Fast and decent service! A good brunch spot in atlanta."}, {"review_id": "sycHAZ-Y77Cr33ZeBTKG9w", "user_id": "9ziunzgUiFoe5l6tkKSmzQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "Buttermilk Kitchen-  A favorite southern breakfast/brunch spot in Atlanta.  Located next to Mirko's Pasta on Roswell Rd.  They serve up more than just chicken and biscuits.Been coming here for years.  You can gauge the popularity of this place by the average minimum wait time  of about 30 minutes.  One time we waited an hour.  #truthIt's cute and cozy inside.  Feels like you're dining in someone's home.  Staff is warm and friendly from the hostess to the wait staff to management.  Food is pretty consistent and tasty.  Definitely a popular spot for southern breakfast and brunch.  The menu isn't too large but everything is overall we executed and consistent.The fan favorites of ours are their pancakes, French toast, and the pimento toast appetizer.  The bread, the jelly, pickles, and that pimento cheese is a great ensemble.  The chicken biscuit and pimento omelet is very popular as well.They don't offer complimentary coffee while you wait but you can purchase one and get refills.  Parking is also pretty tough.  They added a sign on the wall of the restaurant that let's you know the lots you can park in depending on the day which really comes in pretty handy.There's also a small bar area that you order food and drinks if you wanted to.Note- they don't allow parties larger than 6.  Once you go inside you will see why."}, {"review_id": "ZTFW3AQesLOYj3IpJeH0rQ", "user_id": "cCYs-rFjoyua0aJ66asC5w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "FOOD: Ordered the Chicken Biscuit ($14) with the jelly on the side, and it was truly amazing! The chicken was fried and battered just the right amount, and the biscuit was light and tasty. I'm not much of a jelly person, but I gave the jelly a try. It was pretty good, but if I come back I would order it on the side again. My order was served with a side of pimiento cheese grits. Not much of grits person, but I gave them a try since yelp was raving about them.  Didn't enjoy them too much. My friend ordered the Pimiento Omelet ($15) and it was extremely oily. I didn't try any of it but he didn't seem to like it at all.SERVICE: Came in on a Sunday around 10:30 and had to wait over an hour. Definitely not out of the ordinary for a breakfast place in Atlanta. The waiting area was PACKED the whole time. Thankfully, the crowd was well controlled in the dining area. The noise level was moderate and good for conversation. Once we got seated all of the staff was attentive and helpful at all times.Overall, the Chicken Biscuit was definitely worth the wait. Not sure how likely I would be to come back considering the rest of the items on the menu didn't seem too unique or tasty."}, {"review_id": "3-UxYxD2HO49CahwtX3ALw", "user_id": "0r4_-ol2FoAOk8Tsx4qcig", "rating": 2.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "Wait--I thought Buttermilk Kitchen was supposed to serve one of the best brunches in Atlanta. Why did I leave feeling like I was better off eating at the chick-fil-a down the street?This has been a highly anticipated visit for me because I'm your typical lover of brunch food, and learning that buttermilk was rated one of the top places to visit only made me want to try it more. Sad to say that I was disappointed all around.There's a hostess outside on the patio when you initially arrive to check in. They will send you a text when your table is ready. Our wait was about 45 minutes which was accurate. You'll be seated by the host(ess) inside. No one was really smiling at us or very friendly, and that should have been a red flag for me, but I decided to stay positive about the whole experience. Our waiter, Julian, was nice initially, but after he took our order we literally did not see or hear from him until we were done with our meals. I would have let that slide if the food blew my mind away, but it didn't. Yes, buttermilk does get extremely busy, and trust me I usually am understanding, however Julian had two tables on either side of our table, and he quite literally would attend to both tables and would not even look at us. For a restaurant located in Buckhead and claims to be Southern, I don't feel like we received much southern hospitality. If you're going to have \"buttermilk\" in your name then I'm expecting you to deliver some amazing, fluffy, and flaky buttermilk biscuits. Classic southern buttermilk biscuits like someone's grandma is back there whipping them up. I had a hard ball of bread on my plate that cut up the inside of my mouth as I was eating it. If I wanted to eat gravel, then I wouldn't spend such a ridiculous amount of money on it. I don't mind paying $14 for a bomb ass chicken biscuit and grits because those are my typical brunch favorites, but you served me undercooked chicken in between two hard ass pieces of bread with grits that turned into gelatin in 30 seconds. Pitiful. The only reason why they're getting an additional star is because the pimento omelette was actually pretty good. Not good enough for me to come back though. I would never fight my way through the ridiculously huge brunch crowds that buttermilk has. It's just not worth it."}, {"review_id": "ll9nhIL3jmjgQGUtVb45Ew", "user_id": "YamB56KnXe4JNfjcSvFeqg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "Breakfast/brunch is my favorite & most important meal of my day! Buttermilk Kitchen is an intimate spot that attracts lots of hungry folks. Parking can be tricky. I followed the \"Additional Parking\" sign and located parking behind a building next to the restaurant. The restaurant doesn't take reservations so be prepared to wait up to 1 hour. Also, it's not recommended for a party beyond 6 due to the cozy size. The restaurant's porch provided a nice spot for our party of 3 to enjoy a conversation during our 45-minute wait. I got the BK Platter: 2 eggs, 2 breakfast sides & biscuit for $14. My 2 sides were maple cured bacon & truffled potato. I luv truffles & the potato was the favorite part of my brunch & the  biscuit was definitely a close runner-up!"}, {"review_id": "YRje9akYt2wKPlWgBet99A", "user_id": "FnObzdzxUyTJql_3NlBtXQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/2/2018", "text": "I was on a mission, To find the best chicken biscuit from the state that made it such an important part of my life, and failure was not an option! I would not be swayed by the 45min ish wait, in fact it was no hardshitp especially since you can buy coffee and just chill on the front porch where you meet some of the most friendly and engaging people anywhere, i guess its that southern thing they speak of.  I used to believe that the sweet and spicy sriracha sauce from the other Atlanta enterprise (I can't remember the name, chicken r us or something like that) was as good as it gets but it has nothing on the red pepper jelly served here.That biscuit is just perfection with the crust  and it its texture being that perfect mix that breaks into chunks rather than one solid piece, then there is the chicken a well battered perfectly fried with great seasoning in the batter. The hallmark of a good fired chicken, thing mead had depth and I was glad because I did not want it to end. You bend the bites with the grits and you are almost in a loving embrace. I struck with the pimento grits which is just heavenly, it combines all the flavors and textures of the south amazingly into the perfect meal. The traditional grits is great as well as it is was moist and I had an extra side of chicken sausages so placed a few in it and it was amazing.The pimento omelet is no slouch as well, It had everything it was loaded with that excellent cheese (guess what kind), bits of smoked bacon of course the peppery jelly goodness to create a the flavor of awesomeness. We toughly enjoyed the meal and the option to have fresh juices just made my morning, loved how they were served in mason jars, should have put some moonshine in my grapefruit. The staff here was friendly and efficient I was toughly impressed on the entire operation. So my final thought, Yes it is good as they say, you should go and while I did not exhaust all options to find a better chicken biscuit, I was very happy with the example on offer here!"}, {"review_id": "_CuQmpvBMopey612OhkWmQ", "user_id": "5f5RrUC3AZCDBiEdivdGEQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/25/2018", "text": "Really great breakfast in buckhead. Did you wake up in your car after an evening at Johnny's Hideaway? If so, buttermilk kitchen is the place to be. Expect at least a 30 minute wait for a table.The parking is horrible. Take uber. It stressed me out just watching the cars try to get in and out and find a parking spot. Don't watch that. Look at your plate. I had the breakfast hash with short rib and Julie had an omelette. Both amazing and way too much food. We probably brought half home. Bottom line is that the food is great, the atmosphere is cozy and I will be back. It is worth it."}, {"review_id": "_G3bYCOEF4oZsdKYOCPv3Q", "user_id": "2HHjtv4WlwTej8ULP6_Kyw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/25/2018", "text": "We absolutely LOVED this spot! The food was so well done and the service was excellent (ask for Megan). Cosy house that is well decorated and did not feel crowded. You can tell that the ingredients and skill in their food creation are both tops. Except for very limited parking, this place is hard to beat. Make the effort to come here because you'll be rewarded."}, {"review_id": "_PAUIQRHcmc_P4mYiuwCNA", "user_id": "KgsfVkhgWtSYL-0_us9Jfg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/28/2018", "text": "If I could visualize what a old southern grandmothers house would look like, it would be this place. You get a coffee bar right as you and enter and then turn into main dining area with lots of tables. Old county charm all over this place, from vintage painted walls to mason jars as drink cups. I really enjoyed the laid back vibe and southern hospitality. I ordered the granola with fruit and yogurt. The granola was fantastic, and definitely made in house. The fruit was fresh and the yogurt cold. It was plenty big and filling. I went with healthy option, but there's definitely tons of southern dishes and awesome looking pancakes. Expect a bit of a wait, because this place is popular."}, {"review_id": "NnwjtTGYzXIpPLN1n_oWEQ", "user_id": "DTFOGN81zlhrYENyvwQ79w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/18/2018", "text": "It's rare that you find a restaurant that has such great accolades and actually lives up to the hype. Buttermilk Kitchen exceeded all expectations. I won't lie, the wait is long on the weekends, but it's soooo worth it. Parking can be kind of difficult, but a few nearby restaurants let you park on their premises on Sunday's. We gave our name to the hostess and was told that it would be at least an hour and a half wait. We waited for about an hour before we were seated.We reviewed the menu before we were seated, so we placed our order quickly. We both got the chicken and waffles and I got a side of the crispy fried potato as well. The waffle was topped with sriracha butter and was so fluffy and delicious. The fried chicken was juicy and fried to perfection. The whiskey syrup that accompanied the dish was fantastic. Literally, this was the best waffle that I've had in my entire life. Also, their fresh squeezed lemonade is delicious. Our waiter Evan was so pleasant and catered to our every need.Although the wait is extremely long and they don't take reservations, I absolutely look forward to returning."}, {"review_id": "ukvmcMc5q8tgWROLIjsr3w", "user_id": "j14WgRoU_-2ZE1aw1dXrJg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/16/2018", "text": "As far as Southern breakfast and brunch places in Atlanta go, Buttermilk Kitchen is pretty much as good as it gets. There are a lot of great brunch restaurants in Atlanta. I think Buttermilk Kitchen sets itself apart with quality ingredients and phenomenal service. While this isn't a restaurant I'd regularly visit due to wait times during the weekend, it's one I wouldn't hesitate to bring out-of-town guests to experience a taste of scratch-made Southern food.Before opening Buttermilk Kitchen, owner and executive chef Suzanne Vizethann was a season 8 winner on Food Network's Chopped. The episode originally aired July 19, 2011. Buttermilk Kitchen subsequently opened on October 9, 2012.Buttermilk Kitchen is located in what looks like a small unpretentious home on Roswell Road in North Buckhead near Chastain Park. There's plenty of free parking, but only if you know where to look. Fortunately, the restaurant has helpful signs to tell you where you can park. We parked a couple doors down at The Chiropractic Center at 4205 Roswell Road. Note: You're allowed to park at The Chiropractic Center on Wednesday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday only.On weekends, waits are the norm. Like some other brunch restaurants in Atlanta, groups of people waiting outside to be seated is a common sight. There's a check-in table on the porch where you put your name down. They also take your phone number so you can be texted an estimated wait time and texted when your table is ready. Your entire party must be present to be seated. Reservations aren't accepted and the restaurant will only accommodate groups of up to 6.We checked in on a Saturday just before 10:15 AM. We were told by the guy at the check-in table that our wait would be about 45 minutes. Our actual wait time was 35 minutes. It's best for restaurants to overestimate wait times so dining experiences don't get off to a bad start.If you don't want to wait outside, there are a couple waiting benches inside. There's also a first-come, first-served bar you can sit at if you don't want to wait for a seat in the dining room. The bar shares the same space as the waiting area and seats about 7-8 people.The restaurant space is cozy and snug with a homey and bit of rustic feel to it. The tables are small and placed closely together. However, they aren't so close that it feels awkward or uncomfortable. The atmosphere is casual. During our visit, the dining room was packed and lively. In addition to the bar and dining room, there's also an enclosed patio.When we visited, the brunch menu featured entrees like a lox plate ($15), buttermilk pancakes ($8.50/3, $6.50/2), cinnamon bread French toast ($12), a lobster omelet ($18), and biscuits and gravy ($10). There was also a good variety of beverages like Southern Swiss Dairy milk ($2.50/glass, $4/bottle), freshly squeezed fruit juices (same prices as milk), and French press coffee from Rev Coffee Roasters in Smyrna ($3/cup). Ingredients are local and sustainable.Here's what we tried:* Pastry chef's basket ($9) - three house-baked pastries* Pimento omelet ($14) - 3-egg omelet filled with Benton's smoked bacon, pimento cheese and housemade red pepper jelly, served with a biscuit and side* Chicken biscuit ($14) - fried chicken breast on a biscuit with housemade red pepper jelly served with pimento cheese grits and house pickles* Fried chicken & waffle ($16) - buttermilk waffle, chili maple glaze, Banner Butter* Short rib hash ($16) - cilantro scrambled eggs, Yum Yum sauce, pickled peppers* Signature banana pudding with vanilla cream and pastry flakes ($6)* Milky Way cold brew coffee ($4.50) - house vanilla syrup, milk, and cream* Organic peach Arnold Palmer made with fresh-squeezed lemonade ($2.50)In general, I thought the food was great. While nothing completely knocked my socks off, nothing was worse than good either. Every dish was flavorful and satisfying. Our pastry chef's basket contained a cherry scone, banana muffin, and peach turnover with Atlanta-based Banner Butter. Fresh. The pimento omelet was so delicious, I had one of those \"Ahh!\" moments as the flavors and textures hit my tongue. I had crispy truffled potatoes with the omelet and the truffle flavor was strong, perhaps too strong.The chicken biscuit was huge and thick. It had to be tackled with a fork and knife. The biscuits were terrific. Big, soft, and crumbly. The sweet and savory fried chicken and waffle was one of the better ones I've tried in the city. The short rib hash was quite tasty with tender and juicy morsels of meat. When I saw banana pudding on the menu, I knew I had to order it. While it didn't trump my favorite banana pudding in town, it's still one of the best I've had. Delightfully rich, creamy, and custardy. A must-order.The Milky Way cold brew, designed by our server (and assistant manager) Meagan, was right up my alley (sweet and creamy) and the peach Arnold Palmer was wonderfully refreshing.Service from Meagan was superb."}, {"review_id": "O_S_p89x2eR1ddIVAyUp1Q", "user_id": "y958BADdCxj6J23UwqNHyQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "Man! This place is good.  I came for the first time on Saturday around 10.  only Waited 25m. The waitress was attentive. My boyfriend and I ordered the chicken and waffle and chicken biscuit with grits and a side of scrambled eggs with cheese.  Everything was great! The chicken was cooked to perfection.  The waffle was so soft and the syrup was delicious.  Even the butter  (which I usually don't like) was good on my waffle.The only negative is the parking.  There are about 15-20 parking spots total. Otherwise,  you have to park on nearby streets.   there are many warning signs of Do not park.. even in Publix's lot. After circling twice,  i was lucky and found a spot In the back. On Sunday,  there are more spots opened from neighboring businesses. I highly recommend this place.  Good place with the boo or with friends."}, {"review_id": "QZxrl1I7F2E2krxgfsKXhg", "user_id": "x7oHcLEotxJUDrlBjcMGrw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/16/2018", "text": "I've had Buttermilk Kitchen on my food bucket list for a while so my family and I finally went one Saturday morning. It looked like there were about 4 or 5 parties in front of us however we only waited to be seated for about 15 minutes. When we were seated our server was very attentive and checked on us multiple times throughout the meal. We put in our orders and the food came out in less than 10 minutes, not exaggerating at all. I was shocked, it was SO quick!! I ordered the Lox Plate and it was DIVINE. The lox were beet soaked and a beautiful, vibrant red color. The bagel was a Jerusalem bagel and it was so crispy and perfectly cooked, I was in heaven! I loved it a lox ;) Buttermilk Kitchen definitely knows how to handle a hungry crowd on a Saturday morning. I can not wait to go back!Hey fam! Do you 'gram? Follow @datethisplate for more reviews and plates you'll want to date!"}, {"review_id": "e4IXFPbGRX3ermdPtdrJxw", "user_id": "8J_ANtgkMxXKYU1DDWt3dg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "Run as fast as you can to eat all the chicken biscuits! Honestly this place is delicious!!!! The fried chicken is perfectly done and the biscuits are so fluffy and buttery but what really makes it is the delicious red pepper jelly. The pimento grits served on the side are also amazing and creamy and the pickles are uniquely sweet! The interior is trendy and cute and well laid out so that each table has space. The wait and parking definitely get out crowded fast so try to get there before 9 for brunch or be prepared to wait. But they do have a good selection of coffee (french press for 3 is the perfect amount) or bottomless coffee for $3 while you wait. Although there will probably be a wait, the service is so efficient and quick! All around highly recommend visiting if you're in the Atlanta area!"}, {"review_id": "2_MGNPGGiljJhy8ha4HXvA", "user_id": "iPlgFqBnP18eH0eAlgM_4A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "This is one of my favorite breakfast places when I'm in the area. I went on a Saturday and had a hour wait to be seated. They were packed with people standing inside and outside. I was informed that when your table is ready you will not be seated if your whole party is not present. I was informed of this before going they were featured on television (food network). They did not disappoint we tried a couple of things all delish. The French toast, hickory smoked bacon, pimento cheese grits, lobster omelette and pancakes! It's was 4 of us lol! Definitely worth checking out."}, {"review_id": "JGFyfMn02hdvyVz4kYttQg", "user_id": "LmoYySdaAO7XBEajSAytGA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/13/2018", "text": "Still crying thinking about the chicken and waffles and the French toast I had here -- happy tears because I was fortunate enough to experience them, and sad tears because I don't live in Atlanta and can't have them every weekend!Firstly, this place is POPULAR, so it's busy for brunch on weekends. However, they are super efficient and have a nice text messaging waiting system through which they text you when your table is available. Our table for 2 was available in about 35 minutes from checking in around noon on a Saturday. There is a small lot behind the restaurant for parking, but they list all the potential places you can park close by at the restaurant facade. We parked in the shopping complex next to it **not** in a spot that said \"Not for Buttermilk Kitchen parking\"The spot has a cute and cozy Southern feel, but it is actually quite a big space on the inside. The service is excellent, and staff is very friendly and forthcoming with recommendations. We got the Fried Chicken & Waffle with the chili maple glaze/Sriracha butter and the French toast with vanilla cream. Both were mouth-watering and AMAZING. Seriously amongst the best chicken & waffles I've ever had (and I've had a lot). I could smell the spice in my plate, and it was a great prelude to the meal itself! Oh yes, and the fried chicken is a chicken breast piece with bone, but you can ask to have it boneless which was awesome. The French toast portion was HUGE as well and they refill your coffee throughout your meal.Will definitely go back!"}, {"review_id": "gdYqW_Au6Rd34XoZHXVmdw", "user_id": "8PmYg12cee5WiVvVwxOXCQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/23/2018", "text": "This place is delicious! The wait is ridiculous and no reservations taken, but well worth it. The biscuits are grand and delicious. The homemade donuts are fun and a treat. Staff and service was great. The potatoes srved with the breakfast platter were crunchy and we'll seasoned."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/buttermilk-kitchen-atlanta?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]