[[{"review_id": "BxZHihAQWMvLA16va5SNGg", "user_id": "goPyBKBdWGoV0VjZihTMFQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "I tried Poor Calvin's based on the reviews I read here. I made reservations just a few days in advance and I'm glad I did, it was packed with a line out the door. Our host greeted us promptly and escorted us right to our table by a window. We had a great view of the park. Our waitress quickly brought over water and told us about the special of the day. I ordered the lychee martini, it was delish and strong, a great choice. For dinner I got the fried chicken and my friend ordered the lobster fried rice...both were AMAZING! The food was so good, the flavors are phenomenal! The service was outstanding. Don't think about going here........just go!"}, {"review_id": "x375CP_bwDNXdjFSVNJYNA", "user_id": "8rph_A-q3xw-jLl4Q3w4Xg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Was in Atlanta for business and found this little spot on Yelp! I wanted to check it out my first night, but my coworker wanted to hit up another spot. As we walked back to the hotel from dinner the first night we spotted this place and he thought it looked pretty interesting so we made plans to come back. I'm happy we did as the server was very cute and the food was delicious!We started with the Salmon hush puppies to share. They had two types of sauces - one was more sweet and sour, the other was a sriracha mayo. It was also paired with some cold smoked salmon which gave it an extra kick of flavor. The hush puppies were crispy on the outside, soft on the inside. I wished the hush puppies themselves had more flavor, but the sauces made up for it.I wanted something nice and warm to drink, so I ordered the Tom Yum Soup as well. The broth was delicious, but it seemed odd with the little cubed veggies. I would have preferred a more traditional preparation with sliced vegetables that would allow for more flavor absorption. For the main course my coworker ordered the Thai curry Grouper and I ordered the Duck dynasty (with shrimp). The Thai curry had great flavor and the rice was cooked just right. My duck dynasty was very flavorful (cooked perfectly at medium rare) with juicy duck breast with a good layer of fat and crispy skin. The shrimp was a hair overcooked, but was large in size and also well seasoned. The mashed potatoes I had was probably the least interesting on the dish as it was too sweet and detracted from the flavors. I felt as if the rest of the dish has flavors that paired well, but the mashed potatoes were just there as a flavor outsider. If I go back again I'd probably swap it out for rice.We were really full but someone convinced ourselves that dessert was a good idea. We ordered the Pandan Pound Cake. That dessert can probably feed 3-4 adults (if you're being a reasonable adult). If you're like us though, you'll finish it anyway. It is massive, it's sweet, and it's good. The pound cake is moist (obviously they used enough butter), and the outside is candied? with some kind of caramel. It's also served with butterscotch ice cream and some chocolate. YUM. The place gets busy, they also have outdoor seating (which fills up first), so come early or prepare to wait! The kitchen is well run, and orders are pretty smooth. The servers are cute and are fun to flirt with. My coworker joked that I was going to take him home, and even said that he felt like he was being hit on (They are friendly, I just rolled with it). All in all a great dinner (with big portions) at reasonable prices. Thanks!"}, {"review_id": "71YfmdjokU0Z2oCIF_WdkA", "user_id": "qTs_GibdRA1daay6D3rrbQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "We got lucky when we walked in and got sat immediately outdoors. Definitely the right choice considering how crowded and stuffy it seems inside. When we left, the wait was long so be prepared to wait. Food:Tom yum soup - good flavors but only one piece ofshrimp and couple pieces of calamari rings.  Lobster wonton- really good. Flavors paired really well together Fried chicken - wasn't as juicy as i expected and tasted okLobster Mac and cheese - just good not to die for. And I felt like the collared greens totally ruined the flavors of it !! Service:Started out good but then towards the end the server got overwhelmed with other tables and it took a while to get the check and he gave us the wrong check with less amount. You know Good Samaritan had to wait and ask for the right amount. Asian food and southern comfort got married and viola,  Poor Calvin was born. An interesting name but it's not for poor people at all. Their menu is quite $$ but worth a try."}, {"review_id": "BYVmg2lJv8jZuXO19KQwIQ", "user_id": "9ziunzgUiFoe5l6tkKSmzQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "Poor Calvin's offers Southern and Asian fusion dishes.   I've been here for brunch and dinner.  It's definitely a fun spot and we see a lot of people coming here to celebrate special occasions.  This inside is pretty snug.  Also, make note they will not let you get your table until your whole party is there.We came here recently for a friend's birthday.  We ordered an array of food from appetizers to entree to dessert.  The host was super friendly and got us seated as soon as the last two people (me and the mr) in our party arrived.  The portions were pretty generous but some of the dishes fell short in flavor.  Most of our entrees had a pretty similar base flavor.  Maybe we ordered the wrong dishes.Good-mussels- great broth flavor-lobster mac & cheese- good flavor but barely had any lobster in this dish though -lobster fried rice- delicious and flavorful.  Also came with a lobster tail on top of the fried rice-cake- house-made and was huge!  Price point is high for a slice of cake but then again the cake itself was high/yall.  Bad-temperature was a tad bit warm in the section we sat in (not the main dining area)-crispy beef- wasn't a fan of this dish.  Ugly-tiramisu- didn't really taste like tiramisu.  The presentation fell short for me too... It was also heavy handed on the whip cream and not much of the the delicious tiramisu that I normally love elsewhere.This place gets super packed.  The small parking lot here filled up quickly as well.  They offer valet if you didn't want to look for street parking.  May have to make it back for their green tea mousse cake.  They didn't have it the evening we went."}, {"review_id": "j1AukyDaxn_7q5u4DKwbPQ", "user_id": "xl9Rcs-cW9Vt4140HR03nA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "5 Stars. 5 freaking stars.I loved this place. My girlfriend took me here for my birthday. At first I wasn't sure the food looked very good on yelp, so I had doubts about coming here. But I was wrong...The food was delicious and the waiters could not have been more friendly. TBH, I'm not crazy about asian fusion but this place hit a home run. Asian and South? Definitely a first time for me. We got the lobster fried rice and the special of the day: rainbow trout over risotto. Special props to our waitress that described the special to us because she made it sound delicious and oh man was it delicious. Both entrees definitely cost about $30 each, but I do believe the food is worth the price. You get a lot of lobster in the fried rice and our rainbow trout was packed with food on the plate. We had to doggy bag both plates home. So really you're eating 2 meals for the price of one at Poor Calvin's. Tip: The cakes looked delicious. We didn't try any because we were full but the tables around us made us really envious. If you're on the fence about coming, get off the fence. Come to poor Calvin's!"}, {"review_id": "8nFs43Oupfg7mjljmEbGJg", "user_id": "txXTce_fm1AOtVEJBlSthA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/11/2018", "text": "Wow!!! We went to Poor Calvin's for dinner last night, and it was amazing. How had I never heard of this restaurant?I was turned off right when I arrived because the valet was slow, and we had a 10 minute wait even though we had reservations. There wasn't a waiting area and it was very crowded.Once we sat down, everything was great! Our waitress was so upbeat and hilarious. She knew details on every drink and entree. I highly recommend the lychee martinis! So good. We started with the calamari and the lobster Mac and cheese. Both were SO good. The lobsters and cheese was very rich, but perfect to share. The calamari was perfectly crispy and came with a great pineapple sauce. I could've had a dinner on all the great appetizers they offered!For my entree I ordered to lobster fried rice. It was delicious! Others at the table ordered the shrimp pad Thai, lamb chops crusted with goat cheese, a seafood mixture of some sort with a delicious sauce and cashews. L, and the trout covered in a delicious crab meat sauce. The portions were huge, and every meal was delectable. We all had leftovers which were boxed up for us. We were too full to order dessert, but I'm sure their desserts are delicious. I can't wait to return here. Atlanta's best kept secret!!!"}, {"review_id": "bcxlgORJT1G1FO-_Qz5buQ", "user_id": "Gp4r8-FvZAFOnjy0lSPJzA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "There is nothing poor in quality with food, friendly and accommodating staff, and ambience at Poor Calvin's. I personally had the lobster fried rice. Sound simple? Not so much... it is hands down one of the best fried rice dishes... in town, all over town... EVER. The deserts are delicious and there is a wide range of food selection for a wide range of taste buds. Parking is easy w complimentary valet, and if you are feeling full a nice walk around piedmont park presents itself. The only thing that leaves me thinking Poor Calvin is the fact that the bar has been raised so high that expectations for best in class and unwavering quality and artistic presentation is a given... Poor Calvin. I highly recommend you scout out and try one of Atlanta's hidden gems."}, {"review_id": "YvMipgz5kRpxXbC3wlamVg", "user_id": "1mwLPy_kpeZsB-fHm02cMQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/31/2018", "text": "I'm in Atlanta for the week and had to get some good southern food that I can't get in AZ and I can definitely say that Poor Calvin's was the right choice. We came on an early Wednesday night so luckily there was no wait to be seated. We got the special appetizer for the day, salmon hush puppies. This was AMAZING (my mouth is watering just thinking about it). Our group also got the fried chicken with lobster mac & cheese + collard greens. This was a good choice. The serving was also large so I had some to-go.The atmosphere is classy yet cozy here. I enjoyed my first time and I'll keep this place in mind when I'm back in Atlanta."}, {"review_id": "GcmT-FzwF72Jaw8Ed1RBig", "user_id": "IgDW1-6pNqp_TKWSaYccGg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/2/2018", "text": "Man, what a place. Coming from out of town for work, my friends and I wanted to get some good Southern food, and boy did Poor Calvin's deliver. We started with the salmon hush puppies, which were honestly phenomenal. It was the special appetizer for the day, so I don't know if you'll have the chance to get it, but if you do, it's well worth it. The hush puppies were fried perfectly, weren't too bready, and the sauce was delectable.I also ordered the fried chicken, which came on a bed of lobster mac and cheese, with collard greens and some crispy kale and other vegetables on top for a garnish. Again, extraordinary. There could've been more lobster, but then again, there can always be more lobster.Our server was kind and personable, and the manager came by to say hello and was also a really fun guy. Great ambience as well; casual but also nice. Somewhere you could go with your friends, or your parents, or your s/o, or a client. Really an all-around great place."}, {"review_id": "VRd16UMHEtQ0isw_TqPoBw", "user_id": "Fo_WC3wBr-WSVgyMcklTDA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/24/2018", "text": "I've been wanting to try Poor Calvin's since forever and tonight I finally had the opportunity to confirm the hype. Tl;dr this was the best meal I've had in a while, and I'm already checking my schedule for a day to return!My friend made our reservation two weeks in advance for Saturday dinner so I can't comment on walk-in availability, but when we arrived there was a line winding out the door. The place was packed with people and even with our reservation we waited for about 25 minutes for our table to be ready. The seating area itself is tiny and tables are positioned close together. You end up sitting pretty close to your dining buddy and to the people around you. Not recommended for deep conversation since its so noisy but, hey, we were there to eat. :^)Calvin's lychee martini:Came out smelling deliciously fruity and topped with two juicy lychees. After the first few sips however, it seemed like all the lychee flavoring evaporated and left me drinking straight vodka. Whoohoo!McKenzie's apple cider beer: Not a big fan of beer, but this one was crisp and light enough even for me. Not too much to say about this one as it was my friend's order but she enjoyed it!Deviled eggs topped with Korean beef, caviar, and lychee glaze: PERFECT. I was blown away by my first bite. The beef was amazingly tender and the sweet glaze was unique but fit the dish perfectly. We cleared the plate in minutes. Fried chicken on lobster mac&cheese:Quite possibly the best fried chicken I have ever inhaled. Seasoned just right, fried to a perfect golden crisp, but still somehow SO TENDER?? The lobster mac&cheese was so creamy but smooth enough to not be overwhelming. Everything was served over collard greens. A++Peach cobbler empanadas topped with cinnamon sugar and ice cream:Our waiter seemed to doubt our stomach capacities as we tried to order dessert but we persevered and I am so glad I didn't allow myself to miss this opportunity. The empanadas were served fresh and toasty and the peaches were just the right level of sweetness. The ice cream (pecan?) melted quickly and was a nice contrast to the rest of the dish. Everything was topped with fresh blueberries and strawberries, and a dusting of cinnamon sugar. Overall we had a great experience! Pretty pricey but worth it as an occasional self treat. I'll definitely be back to try brunch next!"}, {"review_id": "nnmgRWeFOIE02Ee8UCkhcA", "user_id": "S5PoFDY8r7Ro01FF-ZBSwA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "Omg the food was great! Amazing! We had lobster friend rice and shrimp pad Thai! They were both delish. Our friend had the gluten free chicken, which was great too. The sea food taste so fresh as well. Rolando was our server and he was awesome. Full of knowledge about the food and drinks and the area. (Since we r CA folks) The atmosphere was so fun. It was nice for a date yet fun for a couple night out. The place was packed and so was the bar. Our drinks were amazing. (Hubby is a bartender, so we tried a few ) had the derby and the Diablo. Yum! Great place we will be back."}, {"review_id": "kVwoAr7Z1lsNCU25XiFi8A", "user_id": "3sOLlm1Ih0qPlgMgFXgMqw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/13/2018", "text": "So glad I came around to Poor Calvin's for brunch on Sunday. Everything was spectacular and I will turn, no doubt!I've always heard amazing things about Poor Calvin's and was pumped to finally try it out! Being a noob, I had no idea Poor Calvin's was a fusion restaurant that combined the best of Southern comfort food with Southeast Asian food. The presentation was intricate and the flavor was immaculate. I knew I wanted something fried and creamy, so I opted for the fried chicken with mac and cheese. At $17, you will get two large, boneless slices of tender and crispy fried chicken laid on a bed of creamy and savory mac and cheese. The SO ordered the lobster fried rice and I had to grab a few bites. The fried rice was flavorful and the lobster was tender. The portions at Poor Calvin's will leave you in a food-induced coma for the hours following your dining experience. Get ready to feast! The service was splendid and the staff was a fun crowd. Overall, I really enjoyed everything I had a taste of at Poor Calvin's and would recommend for everyone to try it! Be sure to make a reservation because this place gets packed for brunch and dinner."}, {"review_id": "RRr4QZowM-0dnY6wKkyW_g", "user_id": "dUODRcFzbMibA3GSI58X8A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/4/2018", "text": "What a journey!We arrived as walk-ins and were seated quickly. Our server Mac was incredibly knowledgeable, friendly and helped us get our appetizer and dinner orders squared away. Lobster won tons... utterly phenomenal!What a combination of flavors. These were so delicious and flavorful that it is truly hard to describe them in words. They alone would cause me to crawl across broken glass for a second visit. My girlfriend got the fried chicken. The chicken was without question the most tender and juiciest that I've ever tasted. The Mac n Cheese was fantastic and the crispy kale finished everything off perfectly. I ordered the seafood Siam wok tossed based on my servers recommendation that it was the best item on the menu. He didn't lie! This was by far the best meal I've ever had. Literally anything I've ever given a 10/10 now gets a 9/10. Even with a packed house, Mac was able to give us personal and caring attention that has been without a doubt one of the best meals in my life. I cannot wait to find myself in Atlanta again just to make it back!!!"}, {"review_id": "gcfY26X7adCmmZfn1pd8cA", "user_id": "R4BKGvobVsj-_d2T3Nr6mg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "If you have never been to this restaurant, run, don't walk to make your reservation. This is one of those places where you really get to experience culinary excellence in a relaxed environment.I've never done a review this way broken down in categories, or this lengthy, but everything here deserves its own shine.Customer service: from the moment you walk in the door and you're waiting in line because it's apparently always crowded, you're acknowledged. I hate when you walk in somewhere and you're completely ignored. Whether they're busy or not, take the time to greet/acknowledge your patrons by saying \"Hello, I will be right with you, thanks for your patience.\" at least. That was done here, so off the bat, already a good first impression. After that, the positive energy and amazing customer service from every single employee was nonstop. They all make you feel like they're happy to be there, and they're happy you're here. From the hostess with the most as I call him, that was super funny and candid joking with us as we waited, to the guy that noticed I was looking for the bathroom and walked me to it, to another guy coming to the bathroom to suggest it was ok if I used the men's restroom to wash my hands since the woman's bathroom was occupied and he didn't want me to have to wait, to the girl that brought out our wine who took time to make small talk and joke, to our amazing waitress who we think was a manager/owner of some sort that was phenomenal. She described each meal, each item, each ingredient, of every menu item we asked about, and broke down the elements of each meal and explained choices for someone's first time visit while giving her opinion and suggestions. She describes food better than any waitress/server I have ever had. She really made you feel like you were going to have an amazing delicious experience no matter what item you chose as its all all delicious. It was easy to see she loves and stands by the food and this place. The customer service alone is worth the visit.The food: I eat with my eyes. If you're like me, food is about taste and presentation. This restaurant has the most phenomenal presentations of their meals. The presentation of the cocktail drinks, to their appetizers, to entrées, and desserts bar none. I ordered the fried chicken with lobster mac & cheese with collard greens $23, a lavender lemonade. We also ordered a bottle of Prosecco for $29. The collard greens were delicious because I like sweet things and they were sweet and tasty. The lobster mac was equally delicious with big chunks of lobster pieces in it and the fried chicken was hot crispy and fresh. Really, really good. Lastly, their desserts are to die for. I ordered the red velvet cake, which needs a review all its own. It has so many elements to it from graham crackers to white chocolate pieces to pearl balls to whip cream, strawberries, chocolate, it was amazing and a humongous slice. I'm anxious to go back and try more entrées more appetizers more drinks and definitely all of their desserts.Recommendations: I had the lobster wonton with caviar as an appetizer and it was scrumptious. It was like the best gourmet crab rangoon on the planet. I highly recommend that appetizer, it was so good. I also wouldn't leave without at least sampling the lobster mac and they're in house lemonade mixes. Several restaurants try lobster mac & cheese, but this one gets it right. This is not a place you go to dinner after you eat any type of full meal. Go hungry, as the portions very large.Overall, I cannot say enough great things about this restaurant. I'm mad we waited so long to try this place even though I've had it bookmarked for years. I will say it's probably closer to 2 1/2-3 dollar signs as far as cost but they have extremely large portions and great tasting food with originality. That in conjunction with the awesome customer service is worth every penny. 10 stars."}, {"review_id": "Pm4pqPORZJHzaJtZGnbLRw", "user_id": "j_6xoB4R63tcUWJ0cCAFEA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "We arrived 15 minutes early for our reservation tonight and were sat immediately. The waitress started off by asking about food allergies which I always appreciate. We got the basil roll appetizer which was so fresh tasting and the mustard and berry sauces were flavorful but not overpowering.For our entree we got the lobster fried rice. The tempura lobster was great, and the rice was full of veggies and the sauce had a great flavor. I've never tasted fried rice that tasted so fresh!The cherry on the top of the whole dinner was that the restaurant will arrange a complimentary Uber ride back to hotels in Downtown or Midtown! What a nice service!Overall, great service, yummy food, cute atmosphere. I can see why this restaurant is so highly reviewed!"}, {"review_id": "lhxtDjo3M7g8APFr6ERoVQ", "user_id": "VbAnRR8WWn2JXDQzELp1YQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/1/2018", "text": "I was around the area to visit my friend and we were looking for something within walking distance to eat. We found poor calvin's on yelp and thought that it would be a great place to try. We saw that it got really busy so we called ahead and was lucky enough that there was actually a reservation open within 30 mins of the time we wanted. On arrival, we felt super welcome and I could tell immediately that the service was going to be great even with the restaurant being fairly busy. The restaurant was larger than I expected from the outside but it had great ambience with lighting that was not too bright but also not too dark where I couldn't see my food.My friend and I ordered the lobster wontons as an appetizer along withthe crispy beef and fried chicken (with the lobster mac and cheese). Food was great and came out pretty quickly. I can taste the asian influence in the crispy beef as well as the southern influence in the fried chicken and mac and cheese. Flavors were strong and most of all, the side dishes that came with the meats became highlights that I didn't expect. Not only that, portions were humongous! My friend and I had enough food after for another complete meal.The only difficulty here is the lack of a parking lot so I suggest uber-ing or walking to the restaurant, but valet is also available. I regret not getting any cocktails but I will absolutely come back to this place and continue exploring the menu as it was a great time and I am sure I'll find more gems from here!"}, {"review_id": "Pf3oi62kuosRyGCTnhVmsQ", "user_id": "TqCOZrsA97_7GC5ZIGZgUw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "Right away you can tell this place is going to be amazing. There was a small wait for an outside table but it was totally worth it.  We started off with Fried Goat cheese on top of a green friend tomato. It was smooth and rich with flavors. We also ordered he calamari which was crispy, shareable, and rewarding.  Our main dish is about to arrive. Have to go."}, {"review_id": "0YaMHUs4YFt6tSAx6YeGxQ", "user_id": "i8CDZlzcpncppvxLtDzFMQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/12/2018", "text": "Best meal we had in ATL! Half of us wanted asian, while the other half wanted southern, so Poor Calvin's was the perfect blend of both! We got there for a late reservation and everyone was completely starving (after a full day of bachelorette party drinking) we were seated right away and started ordering up a storm!We decided on two orders of the lobster fried rice, a whole fish, lobster wontons and pad Thai! Everything came out and we went to town. Every single item was delicious in its own way. The lobster friend rice was so decadent and amazing! That was my favorite dish, by far! Poor Calvin's is the perfect fusion of southern and Asian and is a must try when in the ATL!"}, {"review_id": "_CeKXzuN4NSVesq0vHQLdg", "user_id": "VKhD_5gOfSd81wtKuMR-9Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/7/2018", "text": "If I could give this place 7 stars, I would in a heartbeat! My co-workers and I enjoyed a wonderful evening here. Our waitress, Lola, was absolutely splendid and attentive to our needs, she made our experience one of a kind. This night they had an omakase special where you leave it up to Calvin to make your dish. It was thoroughly enjoyed by my co-workers which was yellowtail fish and mussels with some kimchi noodles and spaghetti squash. Not knowing what they ordered, they absolutely loved it. The flavors were there, the fish was cooked multiple ways to showcase its versatility. They were quite pleased. I ordered the udon noodles, which was also very, very good! I have never had udon noodles and these were delicious! There was the perfect balance of veggies, tofu, and noodles.Their drinks were delicious as were their desserts. If we are back in townwe'll definitely be back!"}, {"review_id": "s1zDZDNoboIftM-DY6YY6A", "user_id": "3Zuc15MyQ2t1JtGWrvAsOQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "I cannot day enough good things about this place! The Lobster Wontons are and forever will be the best starter ever. EVER! This time we also had the seafood spring rolls that were also delicious. Poor Calvin's has become our must stop restaurant when visiting Atlanta."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/poor-calvins-atlanta-15?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]