[[{"review_id": "yFtDL4KY-bIS_pX6YvXcfQ", "user_id": "KS18_8xeDWo-YUdVPVjWxg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "This is a very classy establishment. The manager stopped by my office to take the entire building out to lunch. Very generous, and it gave me a great excuse to try this place!This place exceeded all of my expectations. I don't think there is an official dress code, but this place is a cut above the rest. You start at the salad and charcuterie bar. There were a ton of options - everything from bleu cheese to salami to salmon to light salads - and the list goes on. So you sit down and enjoy that as your first course. Then, you have a coaster at your table that is two-sided. One side is green and the other is red. There are waiters walking around the restaurant with different types of meat - ribs, filet, ribeye, etc. If you want them to stop by your table, you flip the green face up, and if you're content for the moment/don't want that meat, you can flip the red face up. The waiters help customize how well done you want your meat too. Every meat that I tried was phenomenal. The seasonings were impeccable.I didn't have a drink because it was lunch, but they have an extensive wine selection.Overall, I had a great experience here, and I will definitely come back to celebrate a special occasion!"}, {"review_id": "4UBm3LdW5uEImguGnaHrxQ", "user_id": "DFfGrodUBdFFvAwkii7Ugw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/7/2018", "text": "Ambiance is amazing great servers. Great Pinot Noir recommendation!Salad bar was very clean. The meat (steak,lamb, chicken, bacon). Great experience! The cheese bread is amazing. This is a great place for family to come together and have a very fine dining dinner!This place is the definition of a 5 star restaurant!"}, {"review_id": "RznNguNm7T5JtZXZqpnf9Q", "user_id": "DZpFijcUmg-s4euY4zulvw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/19/2018", "text": "I visited twice in 2017, once for my birthday and a second time with family around the Holidays. The location is great and parking is free both for valet and the deck. Be certain to have them validate your parking ticket before you leave. If the deck is full, there's a parking lot directly behind the deck that I've parked in previously without issue. The food is amazing, gorgeous restaurant and truly spectacular staff. Everyone is friendly and accommodating. If you like a particular doneness, always request it when the server comes by so they know which end to slice off of, otherwise you might get something you're not happy with. I'd recommend trying the limeade. There's a massive salad bar in the middle of the restaurant; if you only want to eat from the salad bar you can do so for a set price. The cheese bread is fantastic and their desserts are on par, too. I've had the key lime, the chocolate lava, and the cheesecake (my favorite). It's a massive slice of cheesecake, btw. Go ahead and make a reservation (opentable.com/r/chama-ga…), you know you want to!  Prices are listed on the website but here's a copy paste for convenience (Subject to change so don't quote me on it. Call ahead if you need to verify ^_^ ):  Lunch HoursMonday-Friday 11:30am-2:00pmPricing:* Lunch: $24.50* Lunch Salad Bar: $17.50Dinner HoursMonday-Friday 5:00pm-10:00pmSaturday 4:00pm-10:00pmSunday 4:00pm-9:00pm*Last Seating/Reservations are welcome up to the times noted above.Pricing:* Dinner: $44.50* Dinner Salad Bar: $22.50Sunday Brunch Hours1:00pm-3:30pmPricing:* Brunch: $34.50* Brunch Salad Bar: $17.50"}, {"review_id": "J5ZHhcd_SsnSp_gw7CyH9w", "user_id": "w3ZfmySNS8FhyHM7j-kqfw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/16/2018", "text": "I love this place. Do not come here and leave without trying the Lamb and the picanha medium rare. These are a absolute must at Chama. For drinks be sure to get a Strawberry Caipirinha; it's sweet while just a few will get you to your perfect spot. It is a little pricy but worth it for a special occasion, be sure to calmly eat. PSA: you will leave with your belly hurting from all the meat. If you don't leave with your belly hurting you did something wrong!"}, {"review_id": "jqq3FE4IfnR5B0pE7imTMA", "user_id": "lt1554dV0MqddOI3MToi_w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/13/2018", "text": "I came here for a pre Valentine's Day lunch date for my girl.  The parking deck parking was plenty of spaces and the hostess will give you a free parking voucher after your done when you eat.    The staff was super friendly and the customer service is excellent.  I believe the lunch price was around $25 per person and it's well worth it!  The salad bar was pretty good food.  I really enjoyed the shrimp cocktail salad.  The chunks of shrimp were huge and tasty.   I enjoyed all the steaks and beef that was brought out to my table.  My favorites were: Filet Mignon wrapped with bacon, House special steak, Bottom end Steak.  All the steak was very juicy and well flavored.  No need for any A1 steak house here!!!  And all yeah, the grilled shrimp was off da chain!!  Love it!!!   I really enjoyed this place the value for the food was amazing and well worth it!!  I recommend this place if your a steak eating fan!  I will definitely back very soon!!"}, {"review_id": "OuXiR1v16PKgFBjvQTB-FA", "user_id": "ow7I67_RQVZol1PrNkdjFw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/10/2018", "text": "I love Brazilian steakhouse so when Chama Gaucha opened a few years ago I was so excited. I have been there about 5 times and I can't get enough. The salad bar is amazing. Here are some of favorites- shrimp, prosciutto, chicken salad, potato salad and smoked salmon. They have 12 types of meat and they are all very tender. The staff is courteous and attentive. It is $29.50 during lunch and $49.50 for dinner.No worries about parking. There is valet parking right in front of the restaurant or you can park your own car in the garage right beside it."}, {"review_id": "e7xskZ9Oy1f3t1c5aO9C_w", "user_id": "d53XPbuax-aS7MuH29zIGQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/18/2018", "text": "A very centralized location in Buckhead on Piedmont.  Very clean, decor very nice,  Service was pretty good.  Appetiizers were excellent.  I love the rib sliders.  Very good.  The nachos that they serve was pretty good as well.  Even their wings are pretty good.  But the combinations of unlimited meat is awesome.  Go for the Lamb, the Picanha, the shrimp, smoked salmon all flavorful.  I probably wouldn't go here during a busy time or holiday.  I would come here on a normal day during the week.  Prices is somewhat cheaper than its competitors. More range for the food.  Must try establishment!Grade: B+"}, {"review_id": "1ilUSi0l8cZqusfKY_yugQ", "user_id": "lIYMvSa8eE54-LhWU07ROw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/15/2018", "text": "The service could be better!!!!We had reservations for 4 on Valentine's Day and still waited for a while, I was a tiny bit annoyed about that but it was understandable. The only thing that bothered me a lot was that they sat us in the middle of the traffic flow so everyone's walking by us on all sides. And a lot of the servers with meat kept skipping our tables even though we had our cards on green, maybe because they're scanning the tables on the sides more. I swear! And when I try to get their attention they pretend like they don't hear me. Also, there was no please, thank you's, or your welcomes for the matter. The checks are so high so I would think basic common courtesy would be present but nope. I guess I'm asking for too much. Food, I recommend trying the lamb chops, filet migon, and beef ribs was my favorite. I didn't really like the lamb leg or the pork ribs. Overall I will skip this place and pay a little more for Fogo de Chão where it's sooo gorgeous inside and the staff is amazing."}, {"review_id": "eew2156p0Dl2l8zW1B4TAQ", "user_id": "i0e1-r8O-hi-Bzs0LHicAg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/5/2017", "text": "When it comes to Brazilian steakhouses, I am always up for it.  I absolutely love these restaurants and this one is no different.  Upon entering, there is a very formal atmosphere with bottles of wine lining the shelves.  There is a private room for large parties and a main dining area close to the buffet line.  The options are either just the salad buffet or the salad plus unlimited meat.  I would recommend to always opt for the second option.  You are given a card to flip either red(stop) or green(go) to let the gauchos know if you want more or not.  I started with a plate from the salad bar to grab a few items, but my main focus was on the different cuts of meat.  The meats range from prime cut ribeye to sirloin to even chicken wings and shrimp.  I highly recommend the pichana cut, ribeye and shrimp.  However, all the meats are very moist and flavorful.  If you want something a little more cooked, just let them know and they will bring it back when its a little more done.They also bring you sides throughout the meal including yucca fries, mashed potatoes, and my favorite cheese puffs.  The cheese is soo soft it, melts in your mouth.  Also, try their in house made lemonade! Its unique in its froth, and a nice balance of sweet and acidic.Great restaurant overall, just make sure to wear some stretchy pants when you come!"}, {"review_id": "7fIZKewByStUZwo2DmMv6g", "user_id": "7dnsiy8RV1fcGRzvCVsLqA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/8/2018", "text": "Chama Gaucha is amazing! It ties with Fogo (right down the street) for my favorite Brazilian steakhouse. They are located in the Tower Plaza shopping center as well which has a parking deck or they offer complimentary valet (make sure you tip the valet!). Upon entering the restaurant you are greeted by the bar. You can eat here off their menu if you aren't in the mood for all you can eat. We grabbed a few drinks before dinner as there was about a 20 minute wait. The drinks were crafted beautifully and the bartender, although busy, was very friendly. I got one of the Caipirinha (traditional Brazilian cocktail). It was fruity and sweet. You definitely can't order more than a few as these have alot of sugar, unless overdosing on sugar is your thing lol. Onto dinner, as soon as we are seated the waiter comes by for your drink order followed by his assistants who bring you your table side dishes (fried plantains, mashed potatoes, cheese rolls). Whenever you're ready, head up to the salad bar for more sides such as salads (green salad, fruit salads, potato salads), cheeses, cold cuts, rice and beans. Personally I think Fogo's salad bar is better, but let's be real it is all about the meat at Brazilian steakhouses. After we sat back down the Gaucho's come out very fast with numerous cuts of meats, top sirloin, ribeye, filet, sausages, lamp chops and more. Each meat was seasoned perfectly and always juicy. Remember whenever you want them to stop coming by, just flip your card to red. Flip it back to green when you're ready for more.It is all you can eat so stay until you're stuffed! LolWe didn't save room for dessert this visit, but we will be returning. I suggest reservations if coming on the weekend to prevent waiting upon arrival unless you aren't in a rush.Tip: they have a private room in the back available for special occasions you can reserve or rent out. Also, like other Brazilian Steakhouses you should dress nicely, they do have a dress code but unfortunately it isn't implemented. We've seen people stroll in fresh from the pool or gym."}, {"review_id": "Fl3WOqIF4pmWw2nTmz75Xg", "user_id": "BNN0GtM-EaJiM554oskZVg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "Went here for a team dinner, food was excellent.  The restaurant itself was very comfortable and well appointed.  Valet parking was free though we didn't use it.  The cocktails were well made.  Staff was exceptionally attentive.  I would go again if I was in town.  5 stars."}, {"review_id": "uQyA37mwUtig_wpJp43jmw", "user_id": "enDvbjSBUNYGMgoxeCjwFg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/7/2018", "text": "Great restaurant,yesterday was my birthday so me and family went here and it was a amazing experience the people were nice and attentive the food was amazing great tasting prepared beautifully ,the atmosphere just lightened my mood and I was just happy to be there in such a nice establishment (it was my first time trying lamb here and I must admit it was delicious  I will try it again)"}, {"review_id": "5NaNclGgjM9wJxSJRwg30g", "user_id": "q7-adQck9oKXXfm62Me-ZA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/27/2018", "text": "Went here for my husbands birthday and it was so good. I didn't know what to expect but everything was great. The salad bar, appetizers, and huge selection on meat was delicious. The price was great for all the food you get and the professional and accommodating service. I recommend this place for any celebration or date night!"}, {"review_id": "FnOEuzScmfCu4d2WXm2YvA", "user_id": "2K_2OjBp3KYM5SwBnnEsPg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "8/2/2017", "text": "I had already bookmarked this restaurant for our trip to Atlanta so it was an option out of many amazing steakhouse restaurants in town. After reading through Yelp reviews and all the praises it got for their food quality, I felt the need to try it out especially after my fabulous experiences at the Rodizio Brazilian steakhouse in Nashville, TN. So here is what I got from my experience at Chama Gaucha:Service/ Management- 5 star rating (honestly would rate even higher if I could because the waiters were THAT awesome)Not only was the waiter who originally got our drink orders was very attentive but ALL waiters in the restaurant were always on the watch to fill our water glasses up, to pull out our seat for us to sit down again after getting food at the salad bar, and to see what more we needed or wanted. I definitely felt like royalty at dinner thanks to their amazingly stellar customer service.ON THEEEEEEE OTHER HAND,Food- 3 star rating (I feel like Rodizio set a high bar for us and seriously thought Chama was going to overthrow Rodizio but.....no)The reason for the 3 star rating is because ONE, the salad bar sucked. Nothing was all that appealing and to spend $49.50 for all you can eat salad bar plus meat, it just didn't blow me away. Rodizio's salad bar is absolutely amazing with rows and rows of delicious options. TWO, the meats that they were bringing us were the same and without much variety. It was gamy and rather way too salty for my taste buds. THREE, where is the grilled pineapple?! I thought all Brazilian steakhouses are suppose to have that but maybe it's just Rodizio. Like I said, I had an amazing few experiences at my first Brazilian steakhouse so not enjoying my $49.50 meal plus my $12 drink that ice kept getting stuck in my big soda straw they gave me for it just was not worth it for me.If you've never been to a Brazilian steakhouse and you live in Atlanta, clearly you'd need to get the experience but just know there is better out there."}, {"review_id": "T4LU5khCnqFoDFAXFURnBg", "user_id": "7Uowi2_I5CTIXB-FHH7gVw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/8/2018", "text": "I made a reservation for 10 and was thoroughly pleased with the food and customer service at Chama Gaucha...I will say that although very similar to Fogo the food is lite years better than Fogo and they have....(drumroll please Lol) Grilled Shrimp...not only is the price cheaper than Fogo, the food is better. This particular location has complementary valet parking and plenty of space in the restaurant to avoid any feeling of crowdedness. Be prepared to see a few celebs on your visit, this particular trip we saw Danny Manning and Ms. Juicy from Little Woman ATL. Great place to meet with a large group and I would certainly come back"}, {"review_id": "1OiOAh2yH7LRo_YUhmVNRQ", "user_id": "Vz6dw0K_VJMmERTycQX1EQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/23/2017", "text": "Gonna round up from 4.5. Having been to Fogo down the street many times, I went to Chama for the first time last Friday for dinner and went back just a few days later for lunch. Unfortunately, the comparison with Fogo (henceforth \"F\") has to take place but without a doubt, it's better. First of all, the place is relatively small compared to F although the bar area is reasonably sized with a friendly staff. Didn't have a huge problem getting dinner res on a Friday night and lunch on the Tuesday before Thanksgiving was easy.Where F is better is in their selection and salad bar. I can't say for sure but I felt like F had a larger selection of meats and skewers. It also seemed like their variety of items at the salad bar was bigger.Having said all that, you don't miss any of the differences. The selection of meats was perfectly adequate. There was beef rib for dinner and it was fantastic. I'm not sure they have it for lunch though. The classics are all there including garlic beef, bacon-wrapped filet, sirloin, house special, etc. The leg of lamb had a nice seasoning and the chops were equally as good. It was weird that some of the chops tasted gamier than others but regardless, they were all good. Ribeye at lunch was tasty. It was my last bite. Should have gotten more. We all agreed the meat overall seemed to taste better than at F and part of it was because they use prime grade. This is yuuuge.In case you're interested, even though the salad bar seemed smaller, the selection was fine. My boy loved that they had pico or at least the Brazilian counterpart (molho à campanha I just learned). Did I mention shrimp on the barbie? This is a game changer. Yes, they have shrimp rollin' around with the meats. Large prawns, nicely seasoned. Table next to us was going to town. Finally, why I will go back (aside from cheaper prices) is the service. The staff is very friendly, passing out plates at the bar, pulling out chairs, etc. They go above and beyond. We asked for some hot sauce and they brought out their spicy sauce, some chimichurri, and even a horseradish sauce. Many times I heard staff ask if there is any other skewer/cut they want brought out. Look, I don't want to bash F because it's a fine restaurant but for most purposes, I think Chama is the way to go.Sorry no pics, too busy eating."}, {"review_id": "9OHLbUUtVCueWWoQgeIX0g", "user_id": "0bcE5CcJfF13Cs6zSK6WrA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/9/2018", "text": "We had a party of 10. Awesome experienceOur waiter Junior was spot on with service!Will definitely return"}, {"review_id": "RCFwt2cHmE9NkmSjt5XvLg", "user_id": "-Fwy4xwdv26AYrG0wU2RJA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/5/2018", "text": "This meal was the best ever!!! The staff very attentive and the Birthday Surprise for a friend was very delightful. Our main waiter Diego kept us in the know and was very attentive and made this experience GREAT!! And thanks for the free lunch coupon can't wait to use it"}, {"review_id": "HqUDvc_tHcdu4hSIHGjPsg", "user_id": "O3nhfuz6W4wlmIQgM_Oo2g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/5/2017", "text": "When you're having a milestone birthday, you deserve to eat at a Brazilian steakhouse. You get a steak, you get a steak, we ALL get a steak! Chama Gaucha is located within walking distance of Fogo de Chao in Buckhead, which I find quite odd - makes me wonder if their business has been affected by the opening of Chama Gaucha. Chama Gaucha has a validated parking garage to park in, although my coworkers walked with me to my birthday lunch. We had called in to make a reservation just an hour before, and they were waiting for us when we arrived a few minutes late. The wait staff were very polite and went above and beyond to make us feel pampered and looked after (and no, this is not a spa, as much as it sounds like it is). The salad bar is large and comparable to what I remember is available at Fogo de Chao. I, per usual, filled my plate with way more than I could ingest, but there was no way I could have put even one item back without utter regret. There were quite a few meats that came out - I couldn't keep track. From what I could recall, my favorites were definitely the beef (I'm a steak girl, through and through). While I wasn't super impressed with the filet, I found the top sirloin to be delicious. I liked that I was able to request my usual medium rare and get the perfect cut of meat. My vegetarian coworker was still able to eat as much shrimp as possible - and honestly, I almost liked the cook on the succulent shrimp more than the best piece of beef I had the whole meal. My coworker requested grilled pineapple from the server, which they hadn't brought out. It was sprinkled with cinnamon on top and the warm pineapple was DELICIOUS. If you can butter up the servers enough, make sure to order some!I ordered a tres leches cake to accompany my cappuccino and oh my god. I'm still dreaming of that tres leches cake to this day (nearly two months later). It was moist but not soggy, and the milk on the bottom was the PERFECT complement to the cake. Overall, is Chama Gaucha better than Fogo de Chao? I'd have to say it's definitely very comparable, although I can't proclaim it to be better. HOWEVER, the prices here are slightly lower than Fogo, so you can't go wrong choosing Chama Gaucha if you're looking for value!"}, {"review_id": "EslVGtwI__w5nz6S7vK68w", "user_id": "ioB96VdoNUbs-Mo0xYmOew", "rating": 2.0, "date": "2/19/2018", "text": "Well,  where do I start. My boyfriend and made reservations for a late dinner Saturday night at Chama Gaucha and wasnt happy or impressed with our 1st time experience. One the restaurant is elegant inside and out. Well kept. But very small salad bar. Maybe its me,  definitely displeased with the bland soup. Now I love the ingredients for the Brazilian limeade, but at Chama Gaucha,  my limeade was very watered down. Now to the best part the meat. Some were tasty others was dissatisfying. My boyfriend,  like his steak cooked,  well done and mines medium rare. On both plates,  there was medium rare/well steak. Seems like thing weren't going as planned. Wish I kept my original plans instead of trying something new and be not happy with there service."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/chama-gaucha-brazilian-steakhouse-atlanta?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]