[[{"review_id": "rDC1mwXXdlWYM_djp8E4zQ", "user_id": "BOh3_pP0Di-txZomArm4yg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "So this is my second time at Holman & Finch and I'm glad that I chose was able to enjoy this place for dinner this time instead of a quick late night snack.  We had several small plates.  The Red Shrimp Toast - So flavorful.  The perfect balance of crispy, soft, buttery, and saucy.  The shrimp was cooked perfectly, still juicy and not overcooked.Flank Steak - Nicely seasoned and perfectly cooked to order, temperature-wise.  Less is more when it comes to simply seasoned, nicely cooked beef.Charred Baby Cabbage - Another surprisingly flavorful seasoned dish.  You wouldn't expect much from cabbage but the broth in this dish is really great and the peanuts add a little extra to each bite.Newsome's Ham - Reminiscent of prosciutto.  Bold flavors on this plate along with the other accoutrements.Sticky Toffee Pudding - I wasn't in the mood for dessert but I'm so glad I got talked into this dish.  It tastes just the way its name implies.  Warm, sticky, toffee goodness...a la mode!Lastly but definitely not least are the cocktails.  We actually started off with the cocktails before dinner and they were a nice introduction to the palatal pleasantries to come.  Beatrix Kiddo - Strong flavors with a balanced tanginess, and a little bite on the finish; like its namesake.Up in Smoke - Great choice for those who love a bold, smoky flavor in their cocktails.The look and feel of this place was trendy and unpretentious.  The service was great from the bar to the table.  Our bartender was great and even after we moved to a table in the bar area, a few servers came by and checked on us to make sure that we wanted for nothing and what we had was to our liking.So glad we made it to this spot.  I purposely didn't try the burger this time around because everybody talks about how great it is  Now that I know​ the other items on the menu are great as well, I feel comfortable moving on to the burger without it overshadowing any of the other great dishes that H&F has to offer.  I was fully satisfied with everything that I had and can't​ wait to get back!"}, {"review_id": "7dOJu7yCvmCUiZtNvJKM5w", "user_id": "ZLnmZ9eQiobM-PQ76Y2Riw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "My husband calls me Finchie. A play off the bird finch. This was our first stop after getting off the airplane and I'll be honest we only ended up here because of their name. It was a good thing though since they ended up having some pretty tasty food. Granted, the portions were bird sized but the flavor ended up making up for it. Service was a little slow but we did go pretty close to closing and they were cleaning up. Egg & Guanciale Carbonara (guitar cut pasta): Carbonara is my go-to pasta dish when I don't know what to get. Same situation here. It was super delicious though. That pasta just had the most perfect texture and the cream sauce was divine. H&F Fish & Chips: Drown it in malt vinegar! That's how I eat my fish and chips. My husband said this was one of the best fish and chips he's ever tasted. Perfectly moist, crisp, and the batter did not overwhelm the fish. It really was tasty. I was super disappointed at the portion size though. For the price, we really need more fish.Carrot & Radish Salad (buttermilk dressing, arugula, fresh herbs): I wanted to like this salad more than I actually did. I generally like carrot salads but the dressing really threw me off. It just didn't come together as well as I would have liked. Sticky Toffee Pudding (vanilla chantilly cream): I love sticky toffee pudding. I love this version of sticky toffee pudding. Rich, sticky, sweet, and just decadent. I could have eaten the whole dessert by myself but alas I have a husband who loves desserts as much as I do. Order it and love it! One thing I have to note here is that I actually initially wanted their burger but could not get it because they only make a limited number of them per day. I WAS however able to taste their burger at SunTrust Park. Absolutely perfect. A simple, no fuss burger but one that is just so satisfying to eat. If you have a chance, please order this burger! Overall, a satisfying meal and a nice place for a date. Check it out! 4/5"}, {"review_id": "xt8yPVFXW2ZnqlFuFgMFpA", "user_id": "4ervLPzMrdcuXoDj87evkg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/20/2018", "text": "They have a deal going on right now for $1 oysters every weekday from 5pm - 7pm, or until they run out. The oysters are pretty good! (Not the best ever, but it's $1 oysters, what do you expect ?!) I recommend getting a few oysters, and the H&F Burger. The food comes out pretty quickly -- unless they're super busy, and the drinks are pretty good! Their drinks are \"artsy,\" but they have a full bar and can probably make drinks that aren't on their menu. Parking is free in the deck behind the restaurant. You can valet, but it's a really really short walk... so don't be lazy, and save a few bucks."}, {"review_id": "BUEOqR8QrT0WHqiHChza1A", "user_id": "rGyxhmfO0lvOHswUndr0xQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/24/2018", "text": "If you're in the Atlanta area or plan to visit, one of the places I would highly recommend making a reservation at is Holeman & Finch. It's a great place to take a date to or just grab a drink with a friend. It's kind of a hard restaurant to find if you're driving down Peachtree, so look for an entry way with a valet and it will be in that little tunnel way. All I can say is that everything was outstanding... from the service to the ambiance. Everything came out in a timely manner and we were treated to some great appetizers such as the Fried Oysters and Pickles. We also ordered the Roasted Half Chicken, Roasted Bone Marrow, Panneed Veal Sweetbreads as well as this cocktail called The Birds & The Bees (recommended by the waiter). The H&F Burger is something you should definitely try if you're here because it's really good and it's limited quantities to 24 a day. My honest opinion is that it's worth trying, but don't go into this with super high expectations.If you're looking for great eats and a chill place to grab drinks, bookmark this place if you're in the Atlanta area!"}, {"review_id": "lAd6j5LkiQKKiEe_23wmSA", "user_id": "INjRYNxwQFW_2hUiv05l5Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "Finally getting a chance to try the famous Holeman & Finch. Let me tell you, it did not disappoint. We started with the Crisp Fried Chicken skins on the recommendation from our server. It was just that, chicken skins. They were tasty but I don't think I would get them again. We also started with the broiled oysters, which is asked to be \"extra-broiled.\" I couldn't eat them because they were more on the raw side but the hubby said they tasted great. We shared the H&F burger and the Eureka Cut Wagyu Flank Steak. It took a little long to get it but that burger did not disappoint. The steak left a little to be desired but it wasn't bad. Overall we thoroughly enjoyed the food and the service was excellent."}, {"review_id": "v1VP1Km4sQvnUtSh5xMM4w", "user_id": "YLtWQH5P3ownCtuva_6HmQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "The first time I had h+f I was at turner field. The line was long but heard it went fast and to not be discouraged. IMO they have the best burgers I've ever had. Any time I visit PCM I just have to come here. I haven't tried too many other restaurants there thanks to h+f. I actually got a massage earlier today and a specific store came up. I immediately thought of h+f and decided I HAD to go TONIGHT even though I was much closer to home and had food at home (I was planning on visiting the store tomorrow after work since I'd be closer to it). Those pickles...so good and home made. They also make their own ketchup and mustard. Not a huge mustard fan but theirs was really good. I can't say enough about the ketchup. So tangy and delicious. Bought a bottle tonight. I already want another burger just thinking about theirs."}, {"review_id": "fBgIeAy6t_CYGn34JrHdVQ", "user_id": "dGUOe2TBchiGvU1BNkmTog", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/13/2018", "text": "My sister and I on a very spontaneous trip to ATL very spontaneously decided to check out Holeman & Finch. Well apparently we got very lucky and secured a table in the bar area because you usually need a reservation and the bar was packed. We got in at about 7 pm and I learned about the mysterious burger that they only sell limited numbers of and sell out. Ugh- next time I'm making a reservation for 5 pm and ordering a burger before my drink. Kidding!(not kidding)Well the small plates were amazing so I am now even more intrigued by this burger of theirs. My sister and I split four plates:Glazed pork belly- something from the gods above and even more amazing than the usually pork belly which is always yummy since it's basically oversized bacon. I don't even like grits that much but these ones I LOVED.Sapelo clams- amazing dipping sauce complete with amazing bread they will bring more of if you need. Bourbon and bacon and flavor oh myGA royal shrimp toast- best of the night and a must order for anyone seriously! Party in your mouth Deviled eggs- solid choice and yummy Great beer selection awesome service even with the hustle and bustle of the place. I even saw people sharing chairs! That's a sign the place is great when people would rather share a tiny chair than go to another restaurant.Until next time!"}, {"review_id": "pfUWFMSEY2DyQAqEX3jJkw", "user_id": "4wKZ6-gafcttDA832O3Cfw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Just went back to H&F after several years, not what it used to be. Food is good, but seems like things are on autopilot these days. The weak link is the service staff or management has gotten slack. There is a short women who delivers the food from the kitchen with a king tut hairdo. She says nothing. No eye contact and drops plate wherever on table. Other servers remove utensils without replacing. I had to grab silverware from adjacent table. Also watched servers standing in entryway to kitchen sneaking food."}, {"review_id": "Df3qbvqCYXxvVOVVGo9yRg", "user_id": "Dlt9LOS39XjCkIffRbtT9A", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/12/2018", "text": "I really wanted to love Holeman & Finch, but the truth is... I just didn't. First, let's cover the good parts about our experience. The ambiance was really nice. The restaurant has a very \"trendy\" vibe to it, and my wife and I both liked the atmosphere. They also bring you bread+butter, which was quite tasty. Since my wife doesn't eat much bread, I happily ate both rolls. For an appetizer, we got the Pimento cheese dip. The dip was decent, but not spectacular. In addition, it felt like there needed to be 2x more crackers with the dip. We ran out of crackers with a large portion of dip remaining in our bowl. On to the main course... after seeing so many glowing reviews about the burger, I couldn't help myself. I just had to order it. For starters, they didn't ask how I want the burger cooked. Not sure if this is standard practice or not, but I figured maybe that was part of the experience. So I didn't ask the waitress about it. Once the burger arrived, I noticed that the bottom bun was extremely soggy and mushy already. One of my biggest pet peeves about burgers. Because of that, I decided to bail on the bun and just eat the meat+cheese. The burger was juicy, but was cooked well done. I didn't see even a hint of pink in the burger. Given that I normally eat my burgers medium rare, I would've appreciated a heads up that the burger comes prepared well done. It tasted fine, but definitely wasn't one of the best burgers I've ever had. Which was a disappointment after reading all the amazing reviews. All in all, we had a nice experience at Holeman & Finch, but not nice enough for us to return."}, {"review_id": "0l_GlTDaISasgst_ZA8MhA", "user_id": "N2dacTY2e4Z0gOfF6GE2Fw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/17/2018", "text": "I absolutely love this restaurant. The food is next-level delicious, the craft cocktails are creative, and the wait staff is so helpful. If I could change one thing, it would be the tables. They are super small and make it a wee bit difficult to share the food and drinks and balance a menu (you have to keep that menu handy, as you will want to keep ordering snackage)."}, {"review_id": "GfOzSEqgYvOO_z8FC7y8Wg", "user_id": "KOd2mVqUhYqD8PQGsQBjFg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/24/2017", "text": "Was in Atlanta for work travel and a friend of mine (Chef at the Saint Regis) suggested Holeman & Finch.  Boy was this place a great call. The atmosphere was so fabulous, servers were fabulous, and the food was superb.  The servers actually have really great explanations behind any item on the menu. If you want more clarification, just ask! :)The bread was amazing, then for an appetizer, I ordered the fried pickles and oysters.  The pickles were sooooo yummy.  For my main course, I had the 1/2 chicken.  It was perfect.  You will not leave this restaurant hungry.  The craft drinks are great as well.  If you like whisky or rye, you will enjoy!"}, {"review_id": "k_yyUoSPP4IVIaWxyMp23Q", "user_id": "fZA6x8lTc0GahawPkbMw0w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "Holeman & Finch gets a spot in my top 5 favorite restaurants. If you haven't tried the burger yet, you are doing yourself a disservice. Trust me. I visited recently with my brother and before our burgers were brought out, we were given some of the most delicious bread I have ever had. The butter that was given on the side was fantastic as well. Once the burger was served, it was gone within minutes. The cheese that they use is so delicious and the fries compliment the burger very well. For dessert, I ordered the High road seasonal ice cream which was strawberry and it ended up being the best ice cream I have ever had. I was in awe of how delicious it was. Sadly, the strawberry ice cream will only be around during strawberry season so it's definitely worth it to go try it while it's still there!"}, {"review_id": "yn3Ve-qAv3qjjoZsGLBynw", "user_id": "iQCebBN1lJ3yjUdi8FyZ8Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/18/2018", "text": "Awesome experience.  We were seated promptly and the service was excellent throughout the night.We started with manhattans - superb.  Excellent bourbon selection.  The selection of dishes is overwhelming.  Everything I like.  But my dining partners were here for the burgers.  We started with a salad, chicken skins and a charcuterie/ cheese plate.  All were spectacular - stand out was the beef tongue pastrami.Then - 3 cheeseburgers and sweetbreads.  The sweetbreads were good, but not great - the sauce overpowered the delicate flavor of the sweetbreads.  The burgers were spectacular - 2 patties, cheese on both with onions in between.  Overall - highly recommend.  We will definitely return to try more dishes."}, {"review_id": "A_MaX9huohdosWxlTbQDAA", "user_id": "88lcRvipui8VAtezJlU_Eg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/16/2018", "text": "Every time I come here I have an amazing eating experience. The bar burger is to die for. So tasty! It's well seasoned and uses Kraft singles for the perfect melted cheese haha. The bartenders know what they're doing. I ordered drinks I've never heard of and drinks from international places and they were all delicious. The venue is intimate and cozy. I love coming here for girls night out!"}, {"review_id": "eEYybiechApV19Q9srVQxw", "user_id": "7J6vNifHcwWd4z03kqmn4Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/21/2017", "text": "Ever since I moved to Atlanta last year, Holeman & Finch had been on my to go list of 'must try restaurants'. Having watched it on Atlanta eats and having read rave reviews, I just had to try this place which many Atlanta foodies like to refer as an Atlanta institution.  Finally, on a Saturday evening, I was at H&F on a double date. Was the place at par with all the hype it has? Well, let's find out!Location/Parking: If you are visiting H&F for the first time, chances are, you might just drive past it without realizing (even with map directions on). Why? As strange as it is, they do not have a sign board. There is a H&F  logo on the walls that is barely visible (and definitely not identifiable for the first time). Well it is what it is. So, if it is your first time visit,  watch out carefully for the precise directions. They have complementary valet parking as soon as you enter the building complex. Ambiance: Upon entering the restaurant, first impression that strikes is the area/seating capacity, which is much smaller than one would expect. Right across the entrance door is the see through kitchen where one could watch the talented chefs in action. Seating area is divided into booths/ tables on one side of the restaurant and bar area on the otherThe vibe is charming, classy and very lively.Food:1. The famous Cheeseburger: Of course, I was here for their famous cheeseburger. Undeniably, it was a damn good cheeseburger. But was it the best burger (as they claim) I have ever had? I think not! I suppose all the hype of being the best cheeseburger & limited burgers of just 24 available per day, at times plays a certain disadvantage. It's because the preset expectations are so high,  it's in a way hard to meet up. Nevertheless, the cheeseburger in itself is truly good. 2. Clay pot potatoes & onions: Potatoes & onions with local ricotta & shiitake broth, this dish is all about presentation skills and about creating something extraordinary out of simple, ordinary ingredients. Certainly a representation of the craftsmanship/ caliber that this restaurant stands for.3. Pimento cheese& crackers: These were very good too, although not exceptional.Service:Service here is outstanding. The waiting staff are friendly & their attention to detail and hospitality is truly commendable.To the category/class of restaurant that H&F belongs, the prices is modest and the restaurant overall is definitely splendid. It offers food comprising of high quality ingredients which speaks of craftsmanship, which is appealing aesthetically and delectable in taste. The service is outstanding and vibe is charming.Regardless, the fact is, that most people are tempted to try this place because of their 'famous' cheeseburgers. A piece of advice; do not come here with preset expectations. Only then, would one truly appreciate and enjoy H&F.   I had a wonderful experience at H&F. It might not necessarily be a place that I couldn't wait to visit again, however, based on experience, I could say that, it certainly is one of those places that needs to be checked off your list in Atlanta."}, {"review_id": "gesCS8wDuxfL4ogR59hgMg", "user_id": "VX6xpJjnQWn9Z8XzqP4Cog", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/28/2017", "text": "I met a friend at this place on a whim. My friend was raving about the burgers so I had to try it! Interesting they only make so many per day (about 25 if I'm not mistaken). So happy to say the burger was everything my friend described and more and so were the hand cut fries! I really enjoyed my meal and my Moscow mule! I was there pretty late so it was close to closing time. I was pleasantly surprised to see the bar servers sanitizing the liquor spouts and really cleaning. Now, I've never worked in a restaurant so this is probably normal procedure but I do eat out quite a bit and I've never witnessed this before so I was impressed! I recommend this spot and I'll definitely be back!"}, {"review_id": "s1AJTIGFScMDIyPE45G_QQ", "user_id": "QKPkbuVIbN1v9gj4qpQAnA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/12/2017", "text": "This place is one of my top two dollar $$ sign places to swing into for a fancy feast without having to get formally dressed up. I used to be a server across the driveway at Restaurant Eugene so I know anything Chef Linton Hopkins put his heart into is top notch! On this night I decided to visit I had got off my most profitable work week ever but it was late and so we wanted to celebrate in a nice spot that we knew would quench our thirst for everything we were looking for. The place was packed out but our server and the support staff assisted us swiftly through our experience. I started with an excellent glass of Termes Tempranillo. With the wine I paired it with the Reserve Wagu Beef Tartar and it was probably the best Wagu I've ever had!! It was also served with a fresh farm egg and puffed pork rinds which I thought was a very clever fusion. I moved onto the GA Royal Red Shrimp Toast accompanied with blistered cherry tomatoes, Benton's Bacon and a creole sauce; such a succulent dish! I took an interesting turn with Devil Eggs in flavors of hot Sauer, b&b pickle and country ham. To end the experience I decided to act out as a child to enjoy a Coca Cola Float with expresso ice cream! Freaking amazing!! You will love this place so make the trip! Also, when you save a little coin go across the driveway to Restaurant Eugene which I believe is the # 1 restaurant in Atlanta! Enjoy!!!"}, {"review_id": "6rMLXhBwuGqvTxhjpATwwQ", "user_id": "hTEKSL52x8cUUlHpUEx4lw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "7/21/2017", "text": "\"Burger time!\" -- Rick and Morty: Season 2 | Episode 4I've been to H&F a few times, but it has been ages and I realized I never got a review written - and it's been so long since I had been here that I feel that really writing about my most recent experience is the most fair. A friend brought me in a a most belated birthday celebration (my birthday is in February, but he was living in California). We had a reservation, but the place was practically empty when we walked in just before noon on a Sunday. Sad, really, for such an institution. Jerome, our server, greeted us almost immediately and talked us through the menu. My dining mate, Tom E., was most concerned that the infamous burger was available even though it was not listed on the brunch menu. We were assured it was an option - giddiness ensued, but I was still trying to decide on what I wanted to order. We did decide on a couple of starters, so Jerome was quick to put those in for us (we were famished). By the time he returned, I decided between the items I was torn between and he and I discussed my allergies and he said he would discuss with the kitchen to make sure I was covered.Quickly, out came our starters - the pimento cheese and the beef tartare. Both excellent choices and both we devoured. I must say, of the two, I think the tartare was my favorite - I think mostly because of the chicharrones as they were still crackling when they came to the table. Eat bite was rich, unctuous and briny - the combination of mustard, beef, capers and crunchy fried pig skin was sinful and filling - almost too much to have with the pimento cheese and bread and butter pickles. The pimento cheese was also delightful, but I was filling up fast and I had just ordered the pork belly BLT. Thankfully I had a healthy eater sitting next to me.When my entree was delivered, I was amazing. It may have been the most beautiful sandwich I had ever seen. By the way, that is a lot coming from me as I consider myself to be a Sammie Expert. It was delivered on a wooden board, open faced. It was almost too pretty to put together... almost. Obviously, on an H&F bun, I was presented with sliced beefsteak tomato, arugula, roasted beets, the most delectable pieces of pork belly and a perfectly sunny side up egg. As pretty as it was, I had to eat this work of art - as soon as I put it together and lifted it to my mouth, the blood-bath began. oozing egg yolk and beet juice began to run down my arms (thankfully I had a couple of napkins). I really could never put the sandwich down, but I really didn't want to. The self-saucing sammie was an absolute delight to eat and the flavors married well together... I would eat this again. And again.I was pretty full, but leave it to Tom E. to order ALL the desserts: Sticky Toffee Pudding, Mexican Coke Float with Espresso Gelato and White Chocolate Gelato and Fresh Peaches over Cornbread. The float was mine and was absolute perfection. As for the others, I mostly left the demolition to Tom, but I had to dive in as they were both scrumptious. I must say, this was the second best Sticky Toffee Pudding I have ever consumed (sorry H&F) - I ate more than I intended, but damn that was good, but oh so rich. And as for the cornbread, who knew that could be such a killer dessert item? I'd eat them all again, so make sure you save room for dessert, folks!"}, {"review_id": "xyJB6XeOEPifKpKL9Yp5iA", "user_id": "IpY_K7Oc4koR7B31X0mBpQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "6/23/2017", "text": "This review focuses on the drinks and desserts only.Location: At Buckhead next to Restaurant Eugene and Starfish.Parking: Complimentary parking and self-parking are both available. Plenty of spaces if you were to self-park.Atmosphere: We enjoyed the relaxing atmosphere. The bartenders are friendly and were able to provide lots of useful advice on the menu.How's the drinks and the desserts:* We ordered the vanilla and peach icecream ($9) on corn breads. The peach icecream was rich and smooth; however the corn bread isn't the perfect match to the ice-cream. We ended up eating the ice-cream alone.* Due to my low tolerance to alcohol, the bartender customized a cocktail ($12) for me off the menu. Love it! Will we come back again? Occasionally. This is a relaxing place to chill after a long day to work. However, both the food and drinks are a bit disappointing."}, {"review_id": "wNfd67EPXx9IavKv2LcB4A", "user_id": "CqpXnz6NSs-FCwmdOCk77Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/28/2018", "text": "The crowning touch on our Atlanta experience was a visit to this wonderful restaurant. The pictures of the food speak for themselves-fresh, savory, tender, creative and all-around amazing.  This is a food experience you won't want to miss and we give a heart-felt round of applause to Chef Nick.  We loved meeting you and hearing more about our meal."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/holeman-and-finch-atlanta-2?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]