[[{"review_id": "oiuoQrneMqOY1RHlh-cznA", "user_id": "_KN2jteVvbjMukoChh8UWw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "I've been here twice now and every time, I am blown away. The atmosphere is urban chic but also very reminiscent of a cute southern place, and the food is exactly the same way. Chicken and waffles are AMAZING (hard to find a place you can say that about!!) and the peach cobbler french toast is fantastic as well. All the staff are friendly and service is quick. The only two downsides are that there's usually a very long wait and the parking situation is bad at best. Put yourself on the waitlist or call ahead before you get there, and I have usually ended up parking on the street behind the restaurant and walking around. My best advice is to arrive early."}, {"review_id": "D6TUVYcYIzwm4Ryqy2QYtg", "user_id": "4Smpgh20NtEt2YzIp_R2hA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Great place for a weekday brunch. Met my sister here. There was a relaxed atmosphere. We arrived around 11am on a weekday and were seated promptly. The service was great. Our server gave us a few minutes to look over the menu as it was our first time there, but he kept checking in with us to see if we had any questions. He recommended the chicken and waffle, which is what I ordered. My sister tried the peach French toast, scrambled eggs, and chicken sausage. Everything was good and the portion sizes were perfect. My chicken and waffle was ok. It was a little bland, but I prefer bland to too salty so it worked for me. The meat was crispy and tender. The peach French Toast tasted like peach cobbler (I was able to grab a bite and it was fabulous).Seating is a little snug, but comfy enough. This is city dining! Parking was tough, but luckily I have a small car and was able to make it work. There are only a handful of spots here so I'd recommend Uber or Marta to Civic Ctr station and walking over (about 10 min walk) to avoid the high priced paid parking lots nearby."}, {"review_id": "IHUUzwPHLxi7aaotP7oceg", "user_id": "8v3fSLa0GeynPcrz9UELIw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Good: Food was really good and it was a big portion, indicative of Southern foods. I would definitely return for the food. They were super packed and had a wait if about 30 minutes during lunch time on a Friday. They got food out in a timely manner. The kitchen staff is phenomenal! I applaud them! Bad: The male door greeter was not welcoming at all. I don't know whether he was having a bad day or it that's always his demeanor but if my staying was based on his presentation, I would have sought food elsewhere. I paid in cash and had to ask the server for my change back. He brought me a cup of water minutes after I paid and I waited several minutes before asking him, intentionally to see if he forgot. He did not because when I asked for it, he seemed annoyed. Whether the change is $0.20 or $100, it is up to the customer on whether or not you can keep it. It's the principle."}, {"review_id": "HFNMXTA1ZibVqxNx7-ZRcQ", "user_id": "xl9Rcs-cW9Vt4140HR03nA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "I was looking for a place to eat before the World of Coke opened. Found this place on Yelp with tons of reviews. The waiter gave me the recommendation of an off-meal biscuit. I'll be honest, he spoke with a pretty thick accent, so I couldn't understand what he was recommending. But I pointed to a photo on Yelp with fried chicken and biscuits and he hooked it up. I thought the fried chicken was superb. The gravy and biscuit was fantastic but I was not a fan of the egg omelet they put on top. It was a bit excessive and they used American cheese. I scrapped off a lot of the American cheese because it didn't taste very good with the rest of the meal. I love the atmosphere of the place. Every one was really really nice. I thought the food was excellent except for their egg omelet."}, {"review_id": "K9VUsfPzBFhlg1ShS2m2CA", "user_id": "Lcth2-TjTlmbqqkegaYafQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "IF and only IF you sign up on the Yelp waitlist prior to coming, this will be a terrific experience. I was actually on the hunt for the best salmon croquettes and stumbled across Atlanta Breakfast Club. Thank God I saw the waitlist option on Yelp. I signed up at home and was told there was a 95 minute wait. No problem, get a nap in and head over to comply with the \"Check-in by this time\" requirement. We were running 10 minutes late but a quick call to the hostess and all is good she informs.When we arrived, the place was a mad max house of folks outside and inside waiting to be seated. My boyfriend dropped me off at the front and headed to find parking (there's a lot right in the rear of the building - circle the block). I gently tread through the tight crowd to the hostess and perfectly timed, my name was next to be seated! I felt a bit guilty with the large hoard waiting but immensely thankful I'd seen the waitlist option on Yelp. I know I've mentioned this a few times now but you will thank me if you decide to go here.I was thinking it was going to be an eternity to get my order and thankfully the Yelp reviews/pics had helped me decide what I wanted before arriving. When the waiter came to cover his favorite items, my pre-selected option was his #1 recommendation (SHRIMP & GRITS). I ordered that & added cheese plus a single side of salmon croquette ($6 alone for 1). My man ordered the peach cobbler french toast and a side of scrambled eggs with cheese. We both ordered Arnold Palmers. The food arrived in 20 minutes or so but it was hard watching all the deliciousness come out ahead of our orders. I have a list to try next: chicken & egg biscuits with gravy looked divine, homemade cinnamon rolls were a head turner, chicken & waffles were very popular, pancakes were huge and there were many more. Now to our food, the shrimp & grits were the best I have ever had - I was so happy I ordered them. Succulently covered with shrimp gravy that had marinated all morning with a loaded topping of shrimp and cheese...one word - DIVINE! Every bite was better than the last and coupled with the salmon croquette, this brunch was a taste of heaven. The salmon croquettes were not like my granny's or the best I've had but they were tasty. My boyfriend's peach cobbler French toast was good as well but I was so not paying attention to him because my food was far better, IMO.This restaurant is truly a well oiled machine when it comes to the kind & helpful staff, seating, explaining the menu options, taking orders, delivering orders, cleaning the tables, providing to-go boxes and completing the checkout process once you are done eating. We tried our best to get right out because there was still what seemed like an endless sea of people waiting to be seated.We really enjoyed our waiter and many other restaurant staff that came by just to say hello or share a helpful experience in the last two years of the restaurant's opening. I anticipate returning back here to enjoy additional menu items...though it will be very difficult after what hails as the best shrimp and grits this side of heaven!!!!"}, {"review_id": "bt992k2vnC2o51i7ADuZ5A", "user_id": "pnTiEaqM4slogpY97n9Kvg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "Look -- I've been chubby for most of my life, so listen to this fat kid when he says...Best *clap emoji* Breakfast *clap emoji* In *clap emoji* Atlanta. I could've been sideswiped by a truck after my meal there and would've been cool. The food-coma euphoria gave me life. Things to know:*****I. LOCATION & PARKING: Atlanta Breakfast Club sits across the street from one of the Georgia Aquarium's parking decks. They have six parking spaces in front (which are more coveted than Wu-Tang Clan's Once Upon a Time in Shaolin aka the most expensive single album ever sold), and... yeah. I suggest one of three things:- Don't drive. Hail an Uber or Lyft.- Park on Mills St. NW (behind the building), for free. (Limited spots, though.) - Arrive before 10 am or after 1 pm. *Pro tip: Patrons can now reserve your spot in line using the Yelp app, and it provides an estimated wait time. Arrive before the estimated time to check in with the host, and you won't have to stand for too long.II. FOOD & DRINK: They offer your classic Southern brunch fare, and a few dishes have twists. I devoured the following:===Recommend===*Shrimp & Grits ($14.95): Probably the second best bowl of this stuff I've eaten in my life. The perfectly creamy and savory grits paired well with the small shrimps they used. I couldn't stop eating and would totally jump in to a pool of this stuff buck naked. Ugh, omg, thank you, Jesus. (And I'm Buddhist.) *Peach Cobbler French Toast ($10.95): An immaculate, unique take on French Toast that did not disappoint. The crispiness and sweet made my eyes roll into the back of my head. I love carbs. I love this Peach Cobbler French Toast. It's as if Selma Hayek turned into a breakfast food. (I don't mean to objectify her, though.) ===Good, but wouldn't order again===*Crispy Chicken Biscuits ($9.95): These homemade biscuits -- with chicken breast, and signature gravy -- didn't serve as my favorite entree (because the others set the bar so high) but I liked it. I don't dig the slight sweetness, but the biscuits tasted flaky, and they didn't overcook the chicken. *Cinnamon Roll ($5): They don't always have cinnamon rolls, but I liked theirs. Was it transcendent? No. But I ate up the roll's frosting. The roll itself tasted a bit dry.For drinks, they offer coffee, minute made, juice, and other conventional sips.III. SERVICE: I had William as a server, and he slayed. His on-point recommendations made for a memorable first time. And for a packed house, I thought the food arrived reasonably fast.*Note: If you've complained about their long line, then head over to another brunch places with short lines and terrible food. #savageIV. AMBIANCE & DECOR: It's a mix of classic diner and industrial. Most importantly, it's spotless inside. Oh, and they play Atlanta hip-hop. Enough said, yo.V. PRICES: Very reasonably priced, especially when compared to other brunch joints in the A (that don't taste as good). VI. OVERALL: The only critique I have is that they could offer fresh-pressed juices to complement their fantastic food. Aside from that, it's by far my favorite brunch spot in Atlanta."}, {"review_id": "tJp958jCzM2phdCYMwcy5Q", "user_id": "EPEVdijJ9ZMChOe1rYK4Sw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "Wow! This is a must hit spot for all you breakfast lovers and brunch addicts!My partner and I arrived Sunday morning just around 8:30AM and it was the perfect experience. Granted it is a little early for a Sunday Brunch, we had plans to attend the Aquarium and wanted to get an early head start. When we arrived, the restaurant was already 3/4 full. We were quickly seated and greeted by the most friendly waitress.We ordered and the food was a slight wait. We ordered the southern breakfast which was pretty standard and the peach cobbler french toast with a side of chicken sausage and scrambled eggs.I must say that the PEACH COBBLER FRENCH TOAST is a MUST HAVE! The toasts were nice and fluffy and accompanied by a peach filling along vanilla butter and warm crumble. It was all too perfect though I would have liked less crumble, but I was able to push it to the side.Overall, great food and would love to try all of the other delicious items. LARGE portions so sharing is caring.Grade: B+"}, {"review_id": "4Zq75TzszFxNLlMAtpzYEw", "user_id": "DtZ04NbogjbJJP9mevF25g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "Five big giant whopping super size incredible stars for what has got to be the very best breakfast joint I have been to in my life... Much less in Atlanta Orlando Boston New York or Chicago. Breakfast in HOTLANTA is all about the Atlanta breakfast club. First off let me say, as darn good... I rarely eat at a place two times in a row when I'm visiting your city. That being said let me just tell me how good it is and they say Yelp Loves us and man oh man are they right. This place was packed with foodies and I saw a bunch of the same people chowing down on some serious grub on both visits. Welcome to the south!  This is the real deal and I'll just throw down the gauntlet now to crown their chicken biscuit as the reigning world champion If you're smart have to order the chicken biscuits for breakfast today get yourself ready for a trip like never before. These problems getting home babe delicious biscuits that our baby to absolute perfection, split giant crispy buttermilk fried chicken in between those layers and you've got a little bit of heaven for you,... How about their signature warm great job. Drizzle some, dump it on top doesn't matter how you put it is outrageously delicious. Now you ready to kick those biscuits up a notch?  Have them smother them in chicken pepper gravy. O M G --- see photos!Well, you turned me on to another fantastic spectacular restaurant is sitting outside of my home. Let me spread the gospel of the Atlantic purposeful and say this Orlando elite claims best breakfast joint in HOT-LANTA. Don't miss it...you'll regret missing those biscuits."}, {"review_id": "VFooB-gLu4Dk0bgjb1MASg", "user_id": "b2ggkUxi2kfD-Uc2s3g21w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "We went for Easter brunch and was able to get on the long waitlist with downloading the app. Loved this feature as it would've been aweful to wait outside in the sun. There's a private parking lot but it's SUPER small...maybe 6 cars can fit. Other than that there's street parking and other parking lot (you have to pay) around. Granted we went on Easter but the parking situation was horrible. There was also construction on the side road so you had to drive a bit more instead of cutting through.   We ordered the breakfast bowel, Belgian Waffle, and the southern breakfast. Everything was really good! Of them all, I didn't care for the waffle. Our waiter was great and prompt, and a manager was walking around being personable with guests. The only thing I didn't like was the prices...I didn't feel like the prices reflected the food (quantity or quality). I'd like to go back and try other items and would recommend."}, {"review_id": "A6xEOJYEo5ZLziR2Hge2Jg", "user_id": "TyW8hDa8J12srINZGfm3VQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "Husband went here for a mid-week breakfast. He said his meal was solid. The waitress recommended the fried chicken biscuits or shrimp and grits. He opted for the shrimp and grits given it's a southern staple. Overall the dish met his expectations (3/5). The service was great...really nice staff."}, {"review_id": "n8MlHwhjHtuLNLoSQqWw8A", "user_id": "X6ulDWtVwKDhTvmQsRkpiA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/23/2018", "text": "Well dam!!When I say delicious....This was one of my bookmarks and it definitely lived up to the hype. The only downside is the parking situation..it wasnt good. We ended up parking a few blocks away in a parking garage. But the food and service made up for it. Me and my friend decided to split the peach cobbler French toast. So yummy! She also got the shrimp and grits and I got the chicken biscuits. We couldn't finish it all...but all of it was fantastic! All of the servers were friendly and attentive. I know I probably gained 10pds but it was worth it!"}, {"review_id": "S0qvx7Gc9R-9Ak8k2etFVQ", "user_id": "Me8g75jP3JDQFcZRyx-uUQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "If you're in Atlanta, you have to try this place out. The food was great and the service was fast. The parking lot was extremely small but there's available parking in the vicinity. The inside of the establishment had a nice amount of seating and they didn't have a wait time during the time of day we went. (It was around 10 A.M. on a Thursday) I had the peach cobbler french toast and it definitely exceeded my expectations because I was afraid it was going to be too sweet. It had the perfect amount of sweetness to it and I was appreciative of the the fact that they didn't over-do it. The items were a la carte so you have to piece together your meal. What I didn't like about that was that an order of potatoes was 3 and change but it had to be roughly two tablespoons worth of potatoes. Overall, the food was great and I'd go back."}, {"review_id": "ClsqyCM9xLwNUsJigBFrLQ", "user_id": "__bMs0nf3_hnhitK91gT4A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/22/2018", "text": "A super decadent and rich breakfast. I got the Southern Benedict and my friend got the fried green tomatoes. All I can say is that if you were having a gloomy day, this breakfast spot is going to cheer you up with the ultimate comfort food. That is all.We stopped by on a Sunday morning before I needed to catch my flight out of Atlanta. The place was bustling, and the wait was going to be an hour and a half. I have to thank the hostess profusely because when I told her that I had to leave in one hour for the airport, she moved mountains so that an out-of-towner like myself could try their amazing food before I left the city. I now know that if I come into town next time, I should come in two hours+ early!"}, {"review_id": "aPI6I9SX5EfieyDxb1MoiA", "user_id": "9vXg2PCf2fgVWbFBTU87Mw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/18/2018", "text": "Seriously, one of the best places I have ever visited. Best breakfast/brunch in town and I have had plenty. We were having a girls weekend and it was recommended to us by several, but our Uber driver sealed the deal. (Thanks Mellinique!) The food is AMAZING! No exaggeration. We couldn't decide what we wanted so just ordered some of everything and shared plates. Well worth it! The shrimp and fried grits was the table fave! Pancake-delicious. The chicken in the chicken and waffle AND crispy chicken biscuits with gravy was cooked so well. I can't wait to come back again! The owner, I assume, was visiting tables and checking on everyone and I had to compliment. He was so nice but evil trying to push on us homemade, hand-rolled cinnamon buns when we were clearly so full! Lol! Do yourself a favor and go here, more than with it."}, {"review_id": "Ob_2UmHp4puh9U1Oy20lIA", "user_id": "Q9-40-0KBC0FShsWBUDXoA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "After reading all of the great reviews for this place, I decided to try it this morning by ordering a to-go order. The woman on the phone was very polite and my order was ready when I arrived. I picked up my food at 8 am, and even at that time their parking lot was full and I had to parallel park on the street nearby.I ordered the buttermilk pancakes, a side of potatoes and the fried chicken biscuit. Let me just say, this place deserves all of the hype it gets! The food was phenomenal. The pancakes were very moist, the potatoes were on another level and that fried chicken biscuit was amazing. The chicken was very crispy and seasoned well and the biscuit was good too.  Since this was my first time ordering from them, I can see now that I ordered way too much food for one person. I ate one pancake and one biscuit sandwich and was full as their portion sizes are huge. When I came at 8 am, the restaurant was fairly empty, so that'd probably be a good time to come in if you plan on eating in the restaurant without having to wait. Overall the food was great and I will add this place to my favorite breakfast places in Atlanta."}, {"review_id": "RKYLqm0_Dn-UpibNP6IJcA", "user_id": "2HHjtv4WlwTej8ULP6_Kyw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/25/2018", "text": "This is a great story for brunch!  Great food, great service.  The only knocks are the lack of decent parking and the INCREDIBLE noise -- wow its loud!Get the shrimp and grits or the chicken and waffles. Both excellent."}, {"review_id": "O2eUJed9IV-YL4QxhdXrBw", "user_id": "cAORs6bCo5GugssajMNJLw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/17/2018", "text": "If we could have come for breakfast every day at the Breakfast Club, we would have. We did make it two days in a row, and each visit was so good. Even made our way in the pouring rain.The staff was super friendly and seated my daughter and me right away. We even saw them seat an entire school field trip within minutes. So the wait isn't long during the weekday mornings. My daughter is a pescatarian and I try to be gluten-free, but we were able to find something on the menu. My daughter had the fried green tomato blt with avocado puree, local greens, sweet corn 'caviar' on a biscuit minus the bacon. I had the breakfast bowl with eggs over medium, creamy grits, sharp cheddar cheese, and turkey bacon. It was all so good.The next day, my daughter had the old-fashioned oatmeal with cinnamon and fresh fruit and I risked a stomachache to try their famous crispy fried chicken and waffles, which did not disappoint. Everything was soooo good. A trip to Atlanta should include a visit to the Breakfast Club."}, {"review_id": "StOvSzWw33lzoAv0LYxk0g", "user_id": "byQvdU_H1z3Mr-F0eU_Mow", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "We ordered delivery and it was quick. The GrubHub app didn't allow me to add cheese on the scrambled eggs so I called in & the girl who answered the phone was really nice & helpful.I ordered their southern breakfast & peach cobbler French toast. All was really good & the food arrived 30 minutes early. I was really pleased since I had to leave for an appointment. I ate the peach cobbler French toast after my appointment and it was still so delicious.I'd definitely order again."}, {"review_id": "Ixuw8zaDtOwUfwMsXGHysA", "user_id": "eYAQ73zUdH6nwFBp6x06uA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/17/2018", "text": "This was the best breakfast I've had since moving to the South. Everything was delicious from the pancakes, the French toast to the fried chicken. It was delicious and I wished there was one up in Knoxville! My kids and husband loved it too. My son couldn't believe the pancakes were as big as his head. The only thing I'd improve would be the coffee, but it was alright, but not as amazing as the food!"}, {"review_id": "kwllzekiOuhH9qqeWebLVw", "user_id": "hzFdLZO6PcpG4ZLqYYRwMg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "Bombtastic food.  The place is mostly always packed on the weekends for brunch so I highly, highly, highly, (did I say Highly yet?) recommend checking in on the NOwait App prior to going to put your name in and skip a long wait. You can not go wrong with any of their Southern Comfort based breakfast/brunch options. I always get the Southern benedict.  It's rich and filling with a perfect texture."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/atlanta-breakfast-club-atlanta?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]