[[{"review_id": "22Q63fd3J3GzgELAEuTEyQ", "user_id": "H-CyQYbMJzr4tzKiqLGwMw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "The food was excellent! When we got there the line was long but it went by quickly and we got a bunch of samples while waiting. We sampled their vegan stew and vegan blueberry chocolate cake. They were both off the chart tasty. And he even offered seconds lol. Lamb shawarma (10/10) so flavorful and tender Falafel (10/10) easily the best falafel I've ever had eggplant ratatouille (8/10) it was tasty and light on your belly but I was not a big fan of the texture They gave us complementary cut fruit as a palette cleanser which was very helpful and fresh. There were plenty of seating available and the venue was super clean. I bought a big jar of their olives because I liked it a lot."}, {"review_id": "PDGvObp3JTACfvPFxVQLoQ", "user_id": "SwvZ30fgYuTl8IPEXZTL-A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "Aviva is located inside a food court in a high rise. As I was waiting in line the owner came out and gave the customers free samples of a seven bean soup and a chocolate/blueberry dessert.The menu wasn't as large as I was expecting, but their selections are just enough. I ordered the lamb shawarma platter for like $14 and change; it also came with the following: one falafel, two sides, and pita bread. I chose the vegetarian Alfredo penne pasta and grilled vegetables (baby carrots, green beans, broccoli, squash, and zucchini). Honestly, the lamb shawarma is the best I've ever had; it didn't taste gamy but very tender and juicy. The falafel was great not too salty nor too dry. Veggies were good but the vegetarian pasta was much much better; the sauce was a cream based sauce which was very flavorful. I also added spiced onions which really complemented the meat. Their tzatziki sauce is nothing special, and their hummus ($3-$4) was bland."}, {"review_id": "2LnARfcEDUidyYfMqZbs3w", "user_id": "5M4o41Ykg5SUwPvukmj_-Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "Never knew how this rating could be so good. They delivered soup while I was briefly waiting for food. Then Kameel (and maybe son), came by to greet each guest while eating, and deliver fruit for small dessert. Unreal. Great job to the whole team. And oh yeah, food was superb."}, {"review_id": "ZXLaNSktFpUYwFHFVlmUiA", "user_id": "S3pLmxeNmEle4r4rXYraIw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/11/2018", "text": "Aviva was my first stop after a long drive from Florida. It's located in Peachtree Center Mall, near the food court. As soon as I spotted a line wrapping around the corner, I knew it had to be Aviva. Aviva has a lot of expectations surrounding it. The number of reviewers and the perfect rating is only the surface of the hype surrounding it. About 15-20 minutes in line, I finally got to order. I ordered the lamb shawarma sandwich and tried my friend's rosemary chicken platter. My lamb was dry and I was not fond of the toppings it came with the sandwich. I enjoyed my friend's rosemary chicken platter with sides more. The rosemary chicken is flavorful, but all of the flavors sit on top of the chicken, so it was not very tasteful once I got into the meat. However, the chicken is still very good. It's super tender and falls apart very easily. I really wanted to love Aviva, but only the rosemary chicken was the saving grace that visit."}, {"review_id": "8cClIpyPekg5ej3rc6AAdw", "user_id": "X_DkwPTzdO_VWzUcbUXREg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/4/2018", "text": "What a cute little restaurant in the Peachtree food court! Aviva came recommended by a friend who had previously visited Atlanta. We were told of the chatty owner who loves his customers which is definitely a highlight and a known thing about this restaurant. As you stand in line to wait for food (which doesn't take very long) an older gentleman will come by and greet you. \"Thank you for coming, brother!\" \"Here try this, it's the only vegan baklava in the area!\" He'll say hi to you as if he has known you forever. Isn't that a wonderful way to begin your meal?After you get full on the samples that they give you, you get up to the counter to order. You can choose to order food from the juice bar (which has a limited menu) or to order from the full menu at the main counter. We skipped the longer line and headed straight to the juice bar where I picked up a mixed beet juice (mmmmm definitely worth it!) and schwarma with hummus and falafel. This was definitely a solid quick fast food restaurant so if you're in the area and looking for a quick bite, you should stop by!"}, {"review_id": "E2h4WFD48Sn-OB_uqlbfxA", "user_id": "iAilshPWeiURIuM-AkVWvQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/22/2018", "text": "I mean, how often do you see this many reviews with an average of 5 stars? Probably a reason...Bottom line: Delicious food served by passionate owners in a casual unassuming environment at reasonable prices.Food: Had the lamb schwarma, falafel, eggplant, and veggies- was really delicious and well seasoned. They are also super generous with their complimentary food for the folks in line (the line moves fast) and so I had a nice sample of delicious soup as well as a dessert that was great too.Service: Kameel, the owner (his sister is Aviva) was super friendly and seemed very passionate about his restaurant. I mean, yeah, it could potentially be that it helps generate business but being unable to judge intentions, it just seems like he loves his restaurant and is proud of his food and wants to share that with people. He personally handed out samples to the folks in line and was very friendly.Ambiance: It is in a food court, but the inside of the restaurant is nice while still being casual. Value: Somewhere around 10-15 for a complete delicious meal, not too bad."}, {"review_id": "4OK_GyCF5QRexnMUWdth4A", "user_id": "gIwysBA0vMsC_rtMJ4fUQQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "1/11/2018", "text": "This place was recommended to me and after reading the great reviews on Yelp, I figured I'd better try it. I ordered the chicken sandwich wrap and couscous to go. The couscous was decent. Creamy texture, mellow flavor with some veggies mixed in. The chicken sandwich was a good size. The woman put all the usual stuff in it. I didn't ask for anything extra or special.  When I started eating it, it seemed fine, but after each bite it seemed more and more salty. Halfway through I had to give up. The extreme saltiness was just too much and I was disappointed. I had just finished running and working out and my body was craving salt and I still couldn't eat it!The people serving were nice. I also stopped at the juice bar to get a cold-pressed juice. I ordered a citrus (something). They didn't have enough pineapple so she added orange instead. It was OK. The juice wasn't pressed to order, simply poured out of containers of fresh juice. I'll go back and give them another try at some point, but I'm not running over there tomorrow."}, {"review_id": "-1DqiaMmH95s4cj04UcZvg", "user_id": "-VqeY0dsYRaDJ9iCK_aYHQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "I came in and was greeted so warmly! Chef gave me a piece of dessert and seafood soup - so good! Got the lamb schwarma. Generous portions and they're great if you want a healthier option for your meal."}, {"review_id": "vtY0sW0l4BKHaeMdQ4QnjQ", "user_id": "oFFkLDRCUmFYqJQmkMhdeA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "I am so glad I tried this place!!! The food is absolutely fantastic, so fresh and delicious! Definitely my favorite place at the Peachtree Center!"}, {"review_id": "rjvrL-kanoBa6e7VFqBcFA", "user_id": "HYTps6gTp_mp3m_vATuSgQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "The food is incredible. In from out of town and found them on yelp and wow - so not disappointed. From the brotherly welcome to the rosemary chicken! Unreal"}, {"review_id": "ISDO3U5JVuU6eEPvav4AKg", "user_id": "mqN0VvDAiOk9i2K7V_-XrA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/15/2018", "text": "I have never seen such a warm welcoming owner of the restaurant so far.  Kameel personally comes several times to greet the customers and to make sure everyone in his restaurant is enjoying the food. I visited the restaurant during lunch hours and there was a very long waiting line but the services were so great that I hardly had to wait for 5 to 7 minutes. This restaurant serves the best Mediterranean meal in town. Kameel was very generous, attentive and kind to gave me free vegan baklava(the best in town) and watermelon cubes."}, {"review_id": "vOJsuaFArOCzxkZmIg1wLg", "user_id": "ouBBPw3u_ALDVg2BIZ7rrA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/7/2017", "text": "So I'd been dying to go here for a long time. I don't often go to the Peachtree mall but this place is how a business should be run. The owner is out and about the entire time I think. I went during dragon con and the line was huge, to the door or longer. I think it was $16 for lamb and 2 sides. Pricey for fast food in a mall but the food is awesome and the owner is wonderful so it's worth the cost. There's no parking so beware. The owner took the time to walk up to each person, pay them a compliment like \"you're beautiful\" or \"you're wonderful\" and then gave everyone a piece of fruit. It was so sweet and instantly made the wait so much better! This is how all businesses should be run. The eggplant side dish was so good, I could've eaten that as a meal. Everything tasted amazing in fact. I even ate each onion. This is a place that lives up to the hype and is worth the time to visit."}, {"review_id": "6vxSLIRDOMy1ZhRm6W-mwg", "user_id": "_Akr_6fvSiHNrwJapnOjuQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/11/2018", "text": "Slamming Mediterranean cuisine in a casual setting featured in the heart of downtown Atlanta. The owner is vivacious greeting patrons personally with samples of soup and dessert both tempting in their own right. The food is just as bright and fresh as his personality: perfectly seasoned lamb, crisp veggies, sumptuous sauces and generous portions. The prices are incredibly fair - hands down the best weekday lunch spot in the city!"}, {"review_id": "-sRFuhtGMio9X2H9J24uAg", "user_id": "chJEV0Kayj1JZAHWs7m-QA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/4/2018", "text": "What's not to love about Aviva? I go downtown once a week for work and I have to stop by Aviva. I don't care that the lunch lines are long because I always get delicious treats for my trouble of simply standing. Usually, I'll get to taste bread pudding, lentils or soup before I even hit the ordering line. I love it! I have tried their rosemary chicken, such a large portion too (it's usually enough for lunch and dinner), the wraps (again, lunch and dinner) and I recently explored their salad. Let me tell you, I was SLEEPING on their salads. I can get everything on it and it is heaven on earth. Completely filling and delicious! One word of advice, don't stand in line for 5 or 10 minutes then get to the front and not know what you want. People, get your life together and figure out what you want to eat as you're standing there waiting! There is nothing more annoying than being next in line but having to wait another 5 minutes because the person in front of you is having an internal debate on the rosemary chicken versus the falafel!"}, {"review_id": "6STU-Kf1v3nPZbUpX_jUwQ", "user_id": "601QbchQ6P3mar9yOOPLRQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/4/2018", "text": "Decided to go here because I saw it 5 stars on yelp and was only 2 blocks away from my airbnb on my trip to Atlanta. It's located in a food court inside Peachtree Center Mall. The first thing I saw was a line of probably 30 people. I wanted to try this food even more since there were so many people! What surprised me the most was that the owner himself was passing out FREE samples of his food to people waiting in line. Oh my gosh. He is so sweet and funny! Once he finished passing out samples, he was the one who started asking each person what they wanted to order. While we ordered, he joked with each and every one of us. He said \"Have a blessed day, my friend. I love you, my friend!\" How sweet!!! We ended up getting three free samples. One soup, one dessert, and we even got free watermelon after we had already gotten our food and sat down. So awesome!The only reason I am giving 4 stars instead of 5 stars is because of the other workers there. They knew the line was long and was rushing me like no other. She kept waving her hand at me to signal for me to hurry up as I was choosing my sides, but even when I finished ordering my sides, she still had to wait for the person after me to finish getting their entree. I don't like feeling rushed when trying to pick which sides I want. Unnecessarily rude. The sides were on the side of the glass, so I didn't know exactly which one I was looking at so it was hard to pick for me.I ended up getting the rosemary chicken and I had the sweet potato and quinoa for my sides. They tasted just like a home cooked meal. There were no soft drinks available, which I understand since the whole time the owner kept saying \"If you keep eating my home cooked meals here, you will not get diabetes!!!\" Hahaha. He also mentioned some of his food is vegetarian and gluten free so those are options available. His healthy home cooked meals were very comforting. I'd definitely come back."}, {"review_id": "EHPdd9nwy6SVX0qydo2tlg", "user_id": "De8koO26NgVx9GkII-bgwg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/7/2017", "text": "I should just head to Aviva by Kameel whenever I feel down. Not just because the food is stellar, which it totally is, but because Kameel himself is so chipper and enthused to see you, a total stranger, greeting you like an old pal. \"Hello, my sister!\"s, huge grins, and handing out free petite cups of a comforting, slightly spicy tomato-based soup would lift anyone's soul.Kameel actually passed out falafel to us in the line before handing out the soup. I don't consider myself a falafel person but really found the steamy warm ball appetizing, with its crunchy exterior and soft interior and eyeball-like dots of sauce. Later he plopped a small square of baklava onto my tray alongside my lunch. This was the right combo of crunch, cinnamon, and sweetness. And finally, a woman came by with small plates of juicy watermelon cubes. So instead of one meal, I probably had 1.5.It's not just Kameel who's super nice, all the other staffers were too. There was short wait even though it was the tail end of lunchtime. It was about 15 minutes from entering the queue to paying; at least the line moved regularly. I ended up getting the rosemary chicken platter which was $11.45 and came with two pita triangles and your choice of two sides. Plus a bonus falafel too. I got the eggplant ratatouille and mmjadara which was a lentil-brown rice blend with caramelized onions. It was all tasty. Packed with flavor. The chicken wasn't skimpy; I got a breast and thigh. The breast was slightly dry, but the thigh was perfectly moist. The skin and the sauce were the real highlights. The skin had a great blend of spices, salt, and citrus. I couldn't hear what the young man was saying about the chicken's sauce, but I didn't turn it down and that was the correct decision.I couldn't eat the whole platter. If you want to elicit food envy from your coworkers, simply bring leftover rosemary chicken to the office and heat it up. Three people trilled \"That smells so good!\" at me. Too bad I couldn't pass off Kameel's creations as my own.Aviva by Kameel is closed evenings and weekends. There are bathrooms right outside the restaurant and some inside as well. Tip with cash if paying by card.It's a no-brainer why Aviva by Kameel is rated so highly on Yelp. The people who work around Peachtree Center and visitors in the area are lucky to have Aviva around!"}, {"review_id": "_d5XeYpPGY-owqlrwkRZ6w", "user_id": "jSKkcjHHqGFXwzMBS39ddA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/2/2018", "text": "Another case of I-ate-it-before-I-had-a-chance-to-take-a-picture.  I got The Beast and I am so happy I did! My GOODNESS. First, the falafels. I have never even LIKED falafels, guys. But these have changed my mind forever. Flavorful, tender, moist. Heh. And then it also had chicken shawarma, hummus, baba, sauces, and a wonderful fresh wrap. Pro tip: keep the foil on The Beast and unwrap sections as you go. I can see why this place has an average of five stars and why there is always a line!"}, {"review_id": "UAhJe74ga8lQRIiAipyBTQ", "user_id": "hkEaFuh40UPF6crjKX2GBg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/12/2018", "text": "This has been one of the most unique eating experiences I've ever had. I was driving back from a trip to Chicago and say a perfect review on yelp. What are the chances. I had to try it out. I'm not a fan of Mediterranean food but why not give it a shot. From the moment you walk in Kameel is there saying hi and given samples of his food to customers in line. All of his employees are happy and his enthusiasm is addictive. The food is not cheap but it is prepared very healthy. He even explained to me how he has two grills one for fish and one for chicken to prevent cross contamination. I had met up with friends who live close by but have never been and everyone was amazed by the food. Kameel comes by several times to make sure everything is ok and we ended up with cookies and 3 fruit plates at no extra charge. This was a amazing experience for us all. Never have a seen someone so passionate about their restaurant. Especially being that it is basically in the food court of a mall. The service by Kameel and amazing hospitality has me recommending this place to everyone I know. I will always stop here when I'm driving through. This is a A1 establishment and you will not be let down. Give it a shot like I did!!!"}, {"review_id": "b0x2WUxDpj9TJpxQ4TRaVw", "user_id": "ffaoF2tq-PkkG2ICa4mvbA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "Food is just excellent. Kameel is so friendly. Been here everyday of my trip they were open. Last time, ordered the salmon. Always cautious about ordering fish in lunch places like this. But I got to say, it was perfect, not over done not under. Well worth waiting in line, plus the chef comes out to say hello."}, {"review_id": "YnIAMkz5qg52uYAogT2_2Q", "user_id": "OYmWWMIkORo0LUsV07j5jQ", "rating": 2.0, "date": "3/21/2018", "text": "Visited this restaurant during a conference for work, my first experience was amazing! The owner was very nice and spoke to every person in the restaurant. I ordered the falafel sandwich which was very tasty and the flavors of the food were rich and pure! The crunch of the pickled cabbage and crispness of there seasoned fresh onions were to die for. Instantly, I wanted more, telling myself I just had to visit once more before returning home. My second visit however, was not at all like the first. The owner asked a friend of mine to leave the restaurant because he could smell the pork on her pizza. As, there were no signs posted in the restaurant notifying patrons of the \" rules\". Usually when you visit a new restaurant you're overwhelmed by the options and since I already knew the food was amazing I wanted to broaden my options and get more this time. While in line I ordered a falafel platter, where I was prompted to pick three sides from the hot bar. As I reached the cold sides I met a young lady,  who began to laugh when I asked for additional sides.  Explaining to her I was not aware of how everything worked she continued to laugh and not answer any questions I was asking in order for me to continue ordering. I eventually gave up, paid for the food I had and notified the store manager. In the future when a customer request information I can only hope staff will be more welcoming and helpful when new customers are ordering. I appreciate the manager for speaking with me before I left but, in for future visits to Atlanta's I will not be returning to Aviva."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/aviva-by-kameel-atlanta?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]