[[{"review_id": "piYOaI7IfALQdIZSkx3Ucg", "user_id": "5EIpO_tBUGik_ngK4cWZLA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "From the moment seated you start to realize that you've made the right decision. Derrick was our server and as his jacket pointed out he is considered a \"3 star\" waiter. Apparently, waiters are awarded 1 star for every 5 years they've worked for the restaurant...Derrick was going on his 16th year. The menu is a simple two page book, just how I like it, while the wine menu was tucked away on an ipad chalked full of selections.  I find most restaurants have a high probability of delivering greatness every time when they focus on the main items they do best...and at Bones it's Beef. I had the Bone in Filet for my entre and it was cooked to perfection. Every bite dripped with flavor and the sides only helped elevate the dish. It's hard to believe but they serve the absolute best Hash Browns I've ever had...golden and crisp on the outside full of flavor potato goodness on the inside. For dessert we split a Mile High ice cream cake, it was a huge portion and so delicious. What can I say...the meal was perfect and the service was spot on. Speaking of service...at one point I left to use the restroom and returned to find a fresh linen napkin folded and waiting at my seat...guys these waiters work as a team and they're great. If you only have tune for one GREAT meal while in Atlanta then make sure to make a reservation and GO EAT HERE."}, {"review_id": "N1g27FLGVEPmnVyoM7CfGg", "user_id": "sKl5BWsMhnleeu0bMtcFJw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/10/2018", "text": "Nice to write a 5 star once in a while, it's becoming a rare commodity.  From the moment our party of 3 walked into Bones, we were treated like royalty.  We snagged some last minute reservations for a Thursday night at 6:30.  We were immediately seated in the downstairs dining room.  Bones is very well appointed steakhouse, dark woods, but not over the top.  Great place for a business or special occasion dinner.  But,Bones is about the food.  We all ordered a steaks, me a special dry aged Ribeye cooked medium, one of the best I've had ever.   Ordered the grilled octopus on a whim, it was so good, we ordered a second to share.Just a great night out when it's done right.  Thanks Bones.  You still sit on the top."}, {"review_id": "qX7LI-5yDDITBfUc1Gzz0A", "user_id": "4ervLPzMrdcuXoDj87evkg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/26/2018", "text": "It's known to be a great steakhouse, but my experience here wasn't the best. Our steaks came out almost and weren't hot or even warm, just room temp; we asked them to take it back and heat it up for a min or two because it wasn't hot at all. The steak itself is pretty good, but not world changing. You'll see a lot of businessmen here - it has a distinct atmosphere. (Ok tbh, this place is trying too hard to be swanky)Everything is a la cart, which is meh. If i'm spending so much money on ONE steak, why can't it come with potatoes, ya know?"}, {"review_id": "axSkRGWd3NulC3GBjwfgxQ", "user_id": "FaDFbRDYL3f4vLc7ALhX-g", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/11/2018", "text": "Shhhhhhh.  What I'm about to write is pure heresy.  In fact, it almost feels scandalous for an Atlanta boy to write this kind of review about such an Atlanta stalwart.  Bones has been a true Atlanta icon for almost 40 years.  It has received national acclaim and consistently ranks as a top ten US steakhouse. But in some of the most important ways, Bones has consistently come up short for me over the past several years.  Each year I attend several business meetings at Bones and have consistently noticed that on many occasions the service and steak have definitely missed the mark.  These meetings are always in one of the private dining rooms upstairs, and we always have a primary waiter assigned to us.  Bones is known for having long time employees that stick around for decades.  But on my most recent visit, our server was a relatively new hire (a couple of years rather than a couple of decades!) and was absent at many points throughout the meal. In fact, there were many times when I needed a server and there was simply no one to be found!  So my first problem is that the service has been consistently inconsistent.  Sometimes we have an extremely seasoned and attentive server, while on other occasions they are noticeably absent at key points throughout the meal.  But I'm most perplexed by the steak.  As an avid steak enthusiast that regularly dines at numerous top steakhouses in Atlanta and elsewhere, I feel that the steak here simply doesn't measure up.  Prime beef is usually much more tender and flavorful.  The steak here lacks the tenderness and flavor that high end steakhouses usually deliver.  I'm always surprised that I\"m simply never \"wowed\" by the steaks!!!  I feel terrible writing this but this has been my experience for the past several years.The steaks are actually eclipsed by the amazing sides, appetizers, and desserts.  The sides have always been exceptional and more in line with what I would expect.  The gigantic pile of onion rings are a thing of beauty to behold and taste absolutely phenomenal.  Make sure to ask for the accompanying sauce!!!  The hash browns are a must, and are served like a giant potato pancake!  YUMMMM!!!!  Other noteworthy sides include the corn pudding, grilled asparagus, and mac and cheese.  You simply cannot go wrong with the sides.  The same is true for the desserts.  The infamous \"Mile High Pie\" is decadent, and is sourced from local ice cream.  The cheesecake and key lime pie are also delicious and worth checking out.    And finally, the appetizers are also great and I find them to be consistently better than the steak.  The Bones Salad, which includes nuts, blue cheese, apples, and raspberry cream dressing, is superb.  The foie gras and shrimp cocktail are also hard to beat.  But the steaks always seem to fall short of the quality and flavor that I have found in other steakhouses of this caliber and even in a few places that are a notch below Bones!  As steaks go, they are just not that exciting.  I'm obviously in the minority here, and you could certainly do a lot worse. But in my opinion, at this price point, there are simply better options out there that offer more consistent service and a much more flavorful and tender steak."}, {"review_id": "SQH3jE_6Ws-8Q5B6zthZxg", "user_id": "NlJXVOhbzhHIJFobjTmO9w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/28/2018", "text": "Great steak place Services was over the top! The service here was seriously one in a million they treat you like a 11(1-10) like I said over the topBones salad-freaking amazing -octopus salad was freaking amazing!!! The octopus was cook freakin so perfect!!!-porter house was good if you're looking for something in between filet mignon and ribeye-rib eye was the best cut like seriously!!! Omg this cut is the best here -crab cakes were amazingly good -sweet corn was amazing -mashed potatoes were freaking amazing -hash browns are a mustttt! Omg So crust and delishsss! New York cut was okRestroom! Wow, never seen anything like it! You get your own mouth was and linen towels in each stall it was amazing Valet service only here"}, {"review_id": "ZbEcoYI8H70t8iXrtvZN3A", "user_id": "kQGIMp_2UEgGq0IPETFQSQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/3/2018", "text": "Yes yes it's one of the top restaurants, I can see why. The service was something I've never seen before. I had a little stain from the lobster bisque, I proceed to try to rub it off with a napkin. 3 minutes later a server came and gave me a tide wet napkin, it's like specifically for stains and it got my stain out instantly. I was very impressed with the level of service. Dusted our bread crumbs before our entree came. The steak was huge, like it could feed 4 people (wish I knew that before getting it) The scallops were cooked perfectly. Fluffy cheesecake. I was so full but so satisfied No complaints here, well maybe it was little, no I mean a LOT more expensive than any restaurants I have been to. Was the lobster bisque really worth THAT much... I think it's for the environment and experience/service quality"}, {"review_id": "r3OgMBF-JG87T-gOvtp7kQ", "user_id": "j14WgRoU_-2ZE1aw1dXrJg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/29/2017", "text": "Bones is an Atlanta institution. It's been around since 1979. It's old school Buckhead fine dining and it delivers, not only in terms of food, but in impeccable service as well. Bones doesn't employ run-of-the-mill servers, but professional waiters, some of whom have been with the restaurant for decades - a rare sight these days. As recently as 2016, Zagat ranked Bones the highest among steakhouses in the U.S. for both food and service.I rank Bones in the top tier of steakhouse dining experiences I've had in Atlanta. Where Bones stands out is its service and private dining options. We had a group of 11 and were seated in one of Bones' seven private dining rooms. It was really nice to have a room all to ourselves.The restaurant is old-fashioned. It exudes a genuine class and elegance and feels like a private club. I say \"genuine\" because the atmosphere at other steakhouses can feel manufactured. Not here. This is a tight-run ship with a formally dressed staff. It's white tablecloth dining with sophisticated table settings and decor, an ideal place for a romantic date or special occasion.Stars on each waiter's jacket signify how long that waiter has worked at Bones. Each star is equal to five years of service. Our primary waiter, Derrick, had three stars, so he's worked at Bones for at least 15 years. Another waiter that served us, David, had an astonishing six stars. David has so many stars that his lapel covers one of them. He's worked at Bones for 34 years and is about to get his seventh star.Both Derrick and David were true professionals. They were polite, gracious, well-spoken, and expectedly very knowledgeable about the menu. I was impressed with the way they carried themselves. As with most high-end dining establishments, there is a fine attention to detail. For example, I noticed after Derrick poured each glass of beer, he'd gently rotate each bottle so the label was facing the diner.The menu is straightforward and includes appetizers like shrimp or jumbo lump crab meat cocktails ($19 each) and seared tuna loin ($18), soups and salads ($12-16), a dozen steak and chop selections ($38 for braised short ribs to $125 for a 10-oz Japanese wagyu A5 NY strip), a half-dozen seafood selections including broiled lobster ($24/lb) and crab cakes ($36), family-style sides ($8 or $11), and desserts ($10-12).Here's what I tried:Salad:* Bones salad ($13) - Bibb lettuce, blue cheese crumbles, apple, pistachios, raspberry vinaigrette.Steaks:* Dry-aged bone-in rib eye (20 oz, $68)* Dry-aged porterhouse (28 oz, $110)Steak add-on:* Foie gras on brioche with brie and strawberry balsamic jam ($18)Sharable sides (large size, $11 each):* Corn pudding* Sauteed broccoli and garlic* Grit fritters* Hash browns* Mac and cheese with baconDesserts:* Warm pecan pie with caramel sauce and French vanilla ice cream ($10)* Key lime pie with fresh berry coulis ($10)* Mountain high pie ($12)Overall, the food was superb. It was heavy; perhaps, the heaviest steakhouse fare I've had. Just about everything was exceptionally buttery or oily.The Bones salad is a terrific starter salad. Mine was fresh, crisp, and refreshing and I thought the pistachios were a nice touch.The steaks were outstanding. They were huge, thick, flavorful cuts. All the steaks at Bones, both dry-aged and wet-aged, are aged for 35 days. I had the bone-in rib eye cooked rare. It was tender, juicy, and packed with flavor. It had lots of marbling, more than I'm used to seeing in a rib eye steak (which is already a relatively fatty cut), so it was extraordinary rich. The porterhouse was big, lean, and tasty. It was cooked medium well. While I enjoy my steaks rare or medium rare, the medium-well-cooked porterhouse still had excellent taste and texture. As for which steak to order between the two, I think it mostly comes down to your preference on fat content. In the end, you can't go wrong either way.The foie gras was melt-in-your-mouth good. I highly recommend it. You can order it as an app or a steak add-on, which just means it's served on the same plate as your steak. Like the other foods here, it's remarkably rich. Together with the brie and jam, it's a truly amazing combination of flavors.All of the sides were fantastic. My favorites were the corn pudding and hash browns. The corn pudding was fluffy, soft, and delightful. It almost tasted like a dessert. The hash browns are one of Bones' most popular sides. They're served in one giant piece topped with cream, chives, and onions. It's absolutely delicious.When it comes to dessert, the mountain high pie has the best wow factor. It's a yummy, tall, five-layer ice cream pie made with ice cream from local Greenwood Ice Cream Company. The key lime pie was wonderful. It's close, but I think I liked the simple warm pecan pie the best. It had the least sticky pecan pie filling I've tried, but was sweet and quite comforting.As for parking, complimentary valet is your only option."}, {"review_id": "SA3jL8OWQ1VuRa70eDNW6A", "user_id": "lv5TnHGfrSb_CIisOw0irg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "12/26/2017", "text": "Bone's is a steakhouse on the slip, which is a shame for such a well-known and celebrated Atlanta institution from which I expected more. My latest visit in August was my fourth or fifth time here -- my first few times were 10 years ago when I had more regular business in Buckhead.I used to see Bone's as an iconic southern steakhouse with the longest wine list in town, its lounge a colorful place to rub elbows with Atlanta's power brokers, business leaders, and yuppies blowing their rent money on USDA prime beef; its dining room an intimate den of impeccable service delivered by silver-haired gentlemen who never forget the name behind any face, or the \"sir\" and \"ma'am\" behind any sentence. Bone's has changed -- not any of the terrific service or old-school \"business casual\" décor -- but the food, relative to its competition. Imported beef from Japan and Australia, American Wagyu, and other specialty cuts have begun to change the steakhouse game in this country and instead of attempting to meet the challenge, I feel Bone's has slunk away and decided to do the same 'ol, same 'ol but not as good.On my recent visit, Bone's 12 ounce USDA Prime NY Strip was too gristly and needed much better trimming. The flavor of the steak and seasoning was fine, but this was about the most sinewy cut of NY Strip I've ever had in a high-end steakhouse. Fortunately, due to this being a business dinner, I didn't pay for this steak out of my own pocket, but unfortunately this meal was with a client and if his steak was similarly stringy, it surely reflected poorly on me and my team to have brought him here.The a la carte sides were decent and my tender Grilled Octopus Fennel Salad was fine -- though again not as good as I remember the non-steak items being here. They were merely average for a high-end steak house.I suppose if this was my only steak house experience in a year, I would not be nearly as harsh in my critique -- but as a frequent business diner, these steak dinners happen way more often than my waistline would prefer. For the cost of a meal like this I know I can get much better steak in nearly any city in the country, and I can most certainly do better in da A.Food-Décor-Service: 3.8/4.2/4.5"}, {"review_id": "C6nQ4rpYQBeX9HjgKeXQmg", "user_id": "vzWcbVVCPF-2EOXtTvVX5g", "rating": 2.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "I was offended by my server. He was unintentionally racist which made my experience uncomfortable."}, {"review_id": "Csl2v6-ojjZW1hX0D6bDgw", "user_id": "-U79_j_RtGQZ0R7vVa4pzw", "rating": 2.0, "date": "3/2/2018", "text": "* update * we left our credit card on the table and the restaurant didn't even call to notify us (they had our number from the res) just reaffirms my opinion that this restaurant is sorely misrated. I'm sort of shocked that Bones has such high reviews online. This experience taught me to remember not to always trust online reviews!We were sat 15 minutes after our reserved time, so we waited 30 minutes in total. That would have been fine but we did not receive our appetizers for about 30 minutes after ordering and did not receive our entrees until 1 hour into the meal at around 10:45. They forgot to bring out our drinks and when we inquired they brought it immediately and said it was on the house. It was still on the bill. The soup was cold on the top and hot on the bottom, the carpaccio was okay, and the filet was grizzly and needed to be seasoned despite having an herb topping. My boyfriend's scallops were cooked incorrectly. The corn pudding had a great consistency but was flavorless, the Mac and cheese was (somehow) also unimpressive, and the potatoes tasted nothing like truffle. My boyfriend is a chef at Bacchanalia and he was shocked at the service and quality of food. I myself was embarrassed for recommending the restaurant and had to salt everything to make it taste okay. I like to give restaurants the benefit of the doubt but I am incredibly disappointed in every aspect of the meal."}, {"review_id": "pXOmzbrcedyaFxvoC2DSyg", "user_id": "nO6OsvG0LzSDEMb2llQX-Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/7/2017", "text": "Bones is a very nice restaurant, one you'd reserve for a special occasion like a birthday, anniversary etc. It's a very elegant atmosphere and I love that they restrict cell phone use in the dining area. There are lots of tables crammed into their dining area but it didn't ruin the experience. We attended for a birthday and they decorated our table with birthday confetti. Our waiter was very nice, we did wait quite a while for our food but he kept us updated.*drum roll* The food ! The sides are served family style so our table shared... we had the mac n cheese (probably my favorite of them all), the truffle potatoes (very good), the grilled asparagus (they were good but I'm not really a fan of thick asparagus). For my main course.. I had salmon, it was huge and cooked to perfection. Table mates had the filet mignon (which they really enjoyed) and the crab cakes (So good, if I go back I would definitely get them). At the end of dinner they bought a complimentary ice cream birthday cake with a candle. Which is big enough for the table to share...reminds me of the cake from Matilda (for those of you who have seen the movie) Any who, I had a great experience here... two thumbs up !"}, {"review_id": "Laqd3A_s_hqneZK_heq4UQ", "user_id": "q5eGkrVpUrGNZ_0Pt8zPXQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/1/2018", "text": "As everyone else has said, this place is an institution.  And for very good reason.  I dined here from my anniversary and was not let down (at all, not even a little bit!). When my lady and I arrived, we were walked down and back to our table.  Of course, \"happy anniversary\" ribbons and trinkets littered the table top and surrounding area -- a lovely and very welcome surprise.  Jonathan was our server (and the best server I have ever met in my life).  His recommendations were constructed and thoughtful.  Our meal started with a champagne toast to celebrate, and seamlessly transitioned through each and every step from there to conclusion.When learning that I hadn't dined @ Bones prior, Jonathan explained a bit about the restaurant and establishment.  He even offered to give us a tour to make us more comfortable during our time spent together.  I must say, he was truly a class act.Of course, the food and beverages were amazing and cooked to perfection.  Based on my experience, I would have gladly paid x3 what I paid for dinner.  You really can't beat it!"}, {"review_id": "wX3b00O1Vch3GjUEtO078A", "user_id": "ya3mbvTaymecfrTc08SxhQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/18/2017", "text": "It really is a great experience.  Now that I've been in Atlanta for as long as my hometown, it's time I work my way through this Atlanta institutions.We had a reservation for 2 at 7:30pm on a Thursday night.  We were seated at a small table on the right side of the main room behind the host stand.  The walls are adorned with historic pictures and sketches from the history of Atlanta.We wanted to enjoy our 11th anniversary, so we started with the Grand Royal (think Kir Royale but with Grand Marnier instead of cassis syrup) and an Old Fashioned.  Meanwhile, Jimmy perused the wine list on the tablet.For the food, we started with the charred octopus, the french onion soup, the spinach salad.  I got the veal chop with collards while Jimmy got the dry-aged ribeye with truffle butter mashed potatoes.  The food was beautifully plated.  Everything was divine - rich in flavor in spice.  The octopus had the right amount of char and chew.  The french onion soup had complex flavor besides that of salt.  The hot bacon dressing on the spinach salad had a nice peppery kick.  The meat was as good as I'd hoped for, and I'm usually disappointed by high expectations.  The ribeye had amazing texture and flavor. I loved the peppery and lemony mushroom sauce on my veal.  I don't even like truffle butter or mashed potatoes, but I have to admit that these were good.  The collards are top of my list - slighlty smokey from the bacon pieces, nicely spicy from plenty of black pepper, and not too salty.  I might have to come back and sit at the bar more frequently just to get these collards.Service was impeccable - checking on us and our drinks without being intrusive, timing the plates perfectly, cleaning the table between courses.  We got a \"slice\" of the Mountain High Pie - layers of ice cream with meringue on the outside - as an anniversary gift.  Wow, that was good.  You can read more about this menu classic here: atlantamagazine.com/dini…Worth it for a special occasion!"}, {"review_id": "FaOjSmVZWr4a8H3EKgANEw", "user_id": "EjEpH9atlZ-JmCnh65_iYw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "9/11/2017", "text": "Mood going in: excited!! Mood coming out: mehhh. Known as an Atlanta institution, Bones is a quintessential classic steakhouse. On any given night, Bones is buzzing with locals and out-of-towners looking for a taste of Atlanta's \"best.\" Yet despite its fanfare, my most recent experience on a Thursday night left me wondering if Bones had declined since my last visit, if my expectations had grown, or if they were just having an off night. I joined Sara M. for Yelp's \"Finer Things\" group dinner. We were tucked away in a curtained, private dining area. And, as true Yelpers, we were primed and ready to taste, document, photograph & review. Before I proceed, let me say that what makes places like *this* (\"renowned\") so enjoyable is the service - they ANTICIPATE your needs & they have a pleasant, personable demeanor. They delight you. At least they're supposed to. I fasted all day to indulge in what I knew would be a decadent evening, so I'll begin with the food! I had the Bones salad & lobster with sundried tomato stuffing (3 lbs / $60). Our group shared, so I also had a few bites of a ribeye with bernaise sauce (lovvvvve that stuff!), hash browns & grit fritters. Our salads came out without a hitch & tasted fine, as expected. When our meals came out however, the pomp and circumstance used to deliver the meals (several waiters gather & present each dish individually & simultaneously) could use some polish. When done correctly, it's like a symphony. I've seen it done multiple times & with MUCH greater finesse. This cluster-iffic display gave me anxiety as they hurriedly gathered around & invaded our personal space! Once the chaos was gone, what a sight to behold - a 3-lb lobster sat in front of me!! It looked magnificent - but didn't taste as good as it looked. Lobster is what I'd choose as a last meal - that was until I tasted mushy lobster. I shared a bite and knew it wasn't just me when they asked for more stuffing & NOT the actual lobster!!! Mushy and BLAND lobster. Meanwhile, the steak I thought would be mouth-watering was so-so. It was cooked as ordered, medium rare, but it lacked flavor. There was nothing noteworthy about it - at a place RENOWNED for its steaks!! It didn't melt in my mouth, I didn't crave another bite. The only thing that jazzed it up was the bernaise but that could make a shoe taste good! The grit fritters were okay. I enjoyed the hash browns the most. They had a distinct chargrilled flavor, topped with caramelized onions, sour cream & chives. For dessert, I ordered the pecan pie & hallelujah, it wasn't a downer! I don't think it was enough to redeem Bones from the meal though, nor the service. Now, back to service. Some things that I'm highlighting I'd usually let slide, but I'm not here for 3 reasons: 1) Bones has a reputation to uphold 2) Bones' waiters make a CAREER of waiting tables, working 10, 20, 30 years here, they're supposed to be the BEST! 3) I began to notice a pattern...I used to not think it was a big deal to lay a white napkin over a dark outfit - until I did one day & walked out with lint ALL over me! I didn't make the same mistake again. At a place like Bones, they (usually) pay attention to detail & proactively note that you're wearing dark clothing & hence need a dark napkin. It's a no-brainer, almost as expected as saying 'excuse me' after you bump into someone. Donning all-black, I wasn't offered a dark napkin. I asked for one right away, even before ordering a drink. I had to ask for it twice before it finally arrived 20 min. later. Oversight 1. (again no biggie elsewhere, but I'm holding them to standards AND their prices)On ordering the drinks...we all had water, but I wanted a cocktail. There was no cocktail menu or wine list in sight. This is UNHEARD of in an establishment like this! No wine list?!! No cocktail list? I had to wing it & order something I knew. Oversight 2. When the checks came, there were several mix-ups. Some were corrected at the table by people who had cash to exchange with one another, while the others had to be sent back and rectified. Again, for career waiters, this isn't expected. Oversight 3. After dinner, my guest & I sat at the bar for a nightcap. There were a few other guests there, some eating dinner, some just sipping drinks. When the bartender approached, we attempted to engage in conversation. Not only was he not engaging, but he came across as rude & unwelcoming. We could've had better service at Taco Mac! It was clear we were either there on an off night or Bones is resting on its laurels. It seemed not a single service provider had their head in the game. And the food wasn't that good either - definitely not good enough to warrant $200+. Meh."}, {"review_id": "qWTltHnsmfae4x85H_oCZg", "user_id": "K8VSrOOCdXS9VX5S66W4GQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/5/2017", "text": "Very rarely do you go into a restaurant with high expectations and those expectations are not only met, but exceeded.  Bones happens to be one of those restaurants where you get everything you paid for.I came here in a group of 11, and we were seated downstairs in a private room, and from the start, you knew this wasn't your typical steak place. Having been around since 1979, Bones has perfected their craft and can turn out high quality food.  After having the menu explained to us, I ordered (and tried) the following:Grit Fritters $11Dry aged porterhouse $110Corn puddingHash BrownTruffle butter Mashed potatoesMac and CheeseWarm Pecan pie with French vanilla ice cream $10Mountain High PieWe all ordered family style versions of the sides and shared so everyone could try a bit of everything, and you know what?  Everything was ridiculously good!  I was told the hash browns were amazing, and sure enough, they were some of the best hash browns i've ever had.  Corn pudding?  slightly sweet, creamy, delicious.  Grit Frittes?  Believe it or not but not that \"gritty\", and with a little salt, fantastic.  The steak was a thing of beauty.  I actually got the porterhouse because half of the table ordered the dry aged rib eye, so I splurged to be different.  The dry aged porterhouse is dry aged for 40 days, and this thing is every bit of 28 ounces.  Huge piece of meat that was easily a couple inches thick.  Each bite was a flavor explosion, as it's aggressively seasoned.  No steak sauce needed here.I don't know how they got a piece of meat that thick to be that tender, but it wasn't chewy, rubbery or tough.  I could only finish half of this thing, but I did have the left overs for lunch the next day, and after warming it up in the oven, it was JUST as delicious as it was the evening before, as well as just as tender.  Top notch guys!  Top notch.The Warm Pecan pie with French Vanilla ice cream was drizzled with caramel sauce. I took my first bite, and someone commented about the look on my face.  Yep...it was a rare moment of bliss!  I don't even care for pecan pie very much.  I don't like the \"sweet\" part that holds most pecan pies together.  The pie at bones was the opposite, where there was very little of the sweet, and mostly the pecans.  The ice cream was a very nice touch to this and I certainly hope you order this if you come here.I'd be doing a disservice to bones if I didn't mention the excellent staff.  From the start, you're met with complimentary valet, who are quick about their jobs and professional.  Wait staff are superb, and are true professionals.  Pay attention to the coats the waiters wear.  See those stars?  Each star represents 5 years of service.  When you start seeing 5 or more stars, you know these guys know what they're doing.  Service was quick, thorough, and staff were informative to a degree i've never seen before.  They take care of you while you're here.The only drawback I can think with bones, prices excluded, is just how rich the food is.  Every mouthful of a side or a dessert is sooooo rich that eathing sides and trying to finish your steak is kinda impossible.  So no, Bones is not a place i'd frequent all that much because while you do get what you pay for, you still have to pay, and prices can get away from you.  But if you're wanting to treat yourself and splurge, go for it and pay this institution a visit."}, {"review_id": "7eBD76Xi_nyCHX7A1Dn5RA", "user_id": "FuHrIYl5tnE0HWdgnIENng", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/1/2017", "text": "Great ambiance, great service and great food!  Bones is an old world classy restaurant in Buckhead that is known for their high quality food, price and service.  This is a review of my first dinner visit in their private dining room.++   Ambiance exudes old world understated class.  Outside isn't much but once you enter, there's an elevated full bar that's more relaxed even before the hostess stand.  Then you step down stairs to their main dining room, tiny bar and private curtained rooms.  With softly lit lighting and pleasant art hanging on the walls, there is a quiet elegance about this place.  +   Food is quite good.  I was with 10 others and everyone raved about their dish.  I had a Caesar salad, 30-35D aged, bone in ribeye medium rare with a side of asparagus.   This was a big meal and I ate every bite! Caesar salad - good but nothing to write home aboutAged bone in ribeye - tender and juicy.  However, it was a little too salted, cooked unevenly (well done at one end and rare /blue at the other end) though 85% was as ordered and would've liked even a hint of complex favors / funkiness.Asparagus - perfectly seasoned, blanched? and chargrilled al dente.  The color was spring green and was my favorite dish of the night. ++  Service was old fashioned and impeccable.  Hostess was pleasant and prompt. Our waiters Derrick had been with Bones 16 years and David 34 years!  Waiters proudly wore stars on their jackets each representing 5 years of service.  They were mostly good about bringing food out to serve 11 people at the same time and glasses were always full.=   Price is high as steakhouses typically are.+  Parking is valet only and is free.  While my dinner experience was awesome with a good company of people, I expected more at these high price points and reputation, ...especially my salad ($12) and perfection on aged ribeye ($68) being that it's known for great steaks.  Having said that, Bones is an excellent restaurant and I'll be back to try their highly rated burger and other cuts."}, {"review_id": "qS0GT-g1juAuJ3t_WDpzsw", "user_id": "Lcth2-TjTlmbqqkegaYafQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "1/28/2018", "text": "They were out of the stuffed lobster so I deferred to the snapper and it was good & terrible!! They replaced it with the salmon and it was bland and poorly paired with beans on top that reminded me of butterbeans. Horrible...they did deduct my meal from the ticket but it was a totally meh experience.I tried a bite of the filet mignon with Oscar sauce that my BF ordered as well as the peppercorn steak that my girlfriend had and both were just ordinary, nothing spectacular. The only thing I really enjoyed was the corn pudding and the hash-brown casserole - those two sides were my meal after the two disappointing fish dishes. Sad to spend hundreds of dollar for such a uninspiring meal."}, {"review_id": "NlmJdoA3QkjoxGHS3KwhaA", "user_id": "iVXwUPdaCkKlDD7Stv7FGg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/24/2018", "text": "At first, i doubted the hype about this restaurant, but Bones is definitely hands down one of the best steakhouse in the US. This old-school-Atlanta-institution is probably one of the oldest establishment in the heart of Buckhead (in 1979). We came for our 15th anniversary and from the moment we walked in, we were greeted only with courtesy and smile and they even put some confetti on our table. Mark, our server immediately came and congratulated us for our anniversary night and he brought us champagne. Food: we shared some porterhouse with lobster tail. Truthfully, i am not a steak person; yet both hubby and I couldn't be happier with it. It was perfectly cooked medium and you just felt it melt so well to suit your palate to combine with the lobster. The Brussel sprout side just complimented them very well. The mountain high pie dessert is definitely a must! It is huge for both of us, but we managed to finish the four different layers of the ice cream.Service: Given the 5 stars on Mark's uniform, his service is just impeccable, as well as all of his team. Overall, we'll definitely looking forward to coming back again"}, {"review_id": "FFkLD8Y40RieE6hBONhtxQ", "user_id": "Iof9TOohOs1fGM24UWgQ5Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/8/2017", "text": "This was my second visit. I'll admit this is a five star place. On this visit, we waited 45 minutes for our table, which is unacceptable. They did comp a round of drinks and offered appetizer, which we declined because we enjoyed the cheesy crackers. The bartenders are professional. Hubby got bourbon on the rocks. I got a Titos vodka martini with lime. Then we waited so long that we got a second round after trying to get their attentive multiple times. We finally sat at our table at 8:15 for our 7:30 reservation. The server wasn't pushy and didn't oversell anything, which I appreciated. We started with a wedge salad, which they split for us. We had the porterhouse medium rare along with truffles potatoes and Mac and cheese. I loved the truffle potatoes. Steak melts in your mouth. Mac and cheese was good but not great. We selected a great bottle of Nebbiolo from the iPad list. They don't guide your wine selection since there are tasting notes on the iPad. I will come back only for special occasions and the Wednesday lunch special. Top notch spot. ATL classic."}, {"review_id": "SPOk0ZCSkjwSpjqLnpTtRQ", "user_id": "LVUMjDpKDDRuYVmBXvGdEw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/1/2018", "text": "The best steak place in the US, hands down. Over the years I have never had a bad steak or bad service. After a multitude of visits, the only complaint I have is that they stopped serving the most fantastic creme brulee a few years back. They say they can't get an ingredient any longer. That was the best end to fantastic steaks."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/bones-atlanta-6?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]