[[{"review_id": "8KvmnKRNXTgK9TvENGWTYg", "user_id": "3Z0qWxM8ZCoDLzErwZyaWA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Everyone keeps screaming about how good the udon is...it is, the noodles that is. The broth is pretty average-ho-hum but I did have a cold udon noodle dish - it may have been more tasty if I had a hot dish.The curry noodles were also OK (ate some off my son's bowl), the flavor was average watery curry but the noodles, wow.The tempura fried items were super cheap, couldn't believe it. The Potato croquette was pretty crispy and yummy and the tempura shrimp was better than average.There was a tiny line when we got there but we got there before the lunch crowd.I loved the fact that they don't let you save seats. You get what you get when you get there, and there's someone making sure you don't pull a fast one.Total bill for two udon dishes, two fried items and a large fountain drink was about $16. I also liked that they don't force a tip on you.SCORE!"}, {"review_id": "F4odNKymVGZNi2vfjfP4nw", "user_id": "5Cz9qifAxr-pWXvxEciWuQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Hands down the best udon I've ever had in my life. This place is amazing. You can get a bowl of udon for about $4-6 depending on the size and type you want to get. There are a few that come with egg and meat in it as well so you may not even need to get sides, but being the fat person I am, I decided to get a piece of fried chicken and a fried zucchini stick. It's a cafeteria style type situation where you order on a line, serve yourself the tempura and then you get your food and then find a place to sit. Here's where things get all kinds of crazy. The fried tempura dishes are crazy expensive compared to the udon. The fried chicken was $1.75 for a small chicken thigh. The zucchini was $1.50. Kind of makes you wonder if you should just get another bowl of udon at those prices. Either way, both types of tempura were extremely delcious. Onto the udon. Man those noodles were pillowy soft. The broth was delicious. I got the Nikutama Udon. That came with an egg and beef topping. The egg was perfectly poached and the beef was soft and tender. There is usually a line to get in, but it moves relatively quickly so don't be intimidated. Would highly recommend stopping by at least once if you're in town."}, {"review_id": "sxmqd8JZtep1cSWcmas6vA", "user_id": "4SqIWGDRpkYEpCmWBAYIEQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "Can I say yummy? I've loved udon noodles since I was a kid and when I tried Marukame, my child hood memories came back to me. I love how the restaurant is cafeteria style. You order your udon first and move onto grabbing your own tempura. The noodles are made on the spot and you can tell the quality of it. We got the niku, Zake and their egg drop. All so good, but next time I'd want to try something else other than the egg drop list because after a while the flavor was too much. But the meat in the niku was awesome and well seasoned. And I really liked the kake, it was a different way of eating udon.Be sure to get there early though so you can beat the lines!"}, {"review_id": "akF-icT4eEa7ZxVC_0BffA", "user_id": "JSyGk0fedJYmF4TTQsfIbw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "My other favorite favorite favorite place in Hawaii. I miss you too. I think there is one that is opened in LA but I have yet to go to try it. First of all, parking. I was lucky enough to find street parking the two times I went here. If not, you can park at the shopping centers but you have to buy something in order to get it validated. I would just wait for street parking but this can take a while. The line looks long, but it actually moves fast. I think the first time I only waited around 20 minutes and the next time I waited around 40 (this was dinner at peak time). But once you get inside, there's plenty of seats.I got the Nikutama both times which is hot udon which comes with the sweet beef and an egg cooked in the soup (super easy). It's sweet but I just add a bunch of hot chili and it's really good. I also love the fried section, even though it's terrible for me. I got the shrimp tempura, the koroke, the fried chicken. Everything is sooo good. But my favorite is the shrimp tempura (the fried chicken wasn't as good as the reviews said it was). I also really enjoyed the spam musubi! Perfect sauce and spam to rice ratio.Be careful because the things you get definitely add up and you can easily spend more than 15 dollars here when you pile everything on your plate. But it's great.It's self serve and you put everything back on the shelf after. Delicious!!"}, {"review_id": "wRPHQ3ZV5hghX3el3bnzaA", "user_id": "zVqfBNUS9cTyZZicbzKdqg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "Cheap ramen comes with a price. This place is really good but be aware that there is always a line.The restaurant is setup like a cafeteria. You grab a serving tray and walk down the line. The menu is strictly ramen and tempura.The noodles were very good! You can see that they make it fresh on site and it brings flavor to the broth."}, {"review_id": "XmbOB_15Ob0rdIRRRcrBgg", "user_id": "NUyvAo-bkfKPzUl8L8eAMw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "Just ate here, wow! Probably the best udon I've ever had. I got the Niku udon and added an egg with a piece of tempura on the side. The soup is so good, you don't even need the egg or tempura, I would skip that next time. The line looks long, but it moves very quickly. We waited only 25 mins."}, {"review_id": "g8Zeg4hBQ5ILvLT_0cQbiQ", "user_id": "Zcip7fIYv5LhEgDGG-XhUQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "By far one of the busiest and most popular restaurants seen on Waikiki. Is common to see a long line of people filed, waiting to order udon noodles. And understandably so!This place I would describe it as a fast casual restaurant with an old-school feel/vibe.Whether you get the...Ontama udon (house style udon with poached egg) - 5/5 - Egg drop spicy chicken udon - 5/5 -Or anything else, you get to top it all off with your choice of tempura shrimp/calamari/fish cake/soft boiled egg/assorted vegetables including sweet potato and zucchini.*Ambience: styled after a Japanese noodle houseService: very fast and efficient to accommodate the large crowds of customer; but in doing so, service is not personable."}, {"review_id": "UFnxzeaGDr1ldI_-VMP8bg", "user_id": "3i48mMo0ydcfJd1-7_Iieg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "One of my go to places when in oahu.... the noodles are always fresh,  the speed is quick,  and the quality is great!  Never a disappointment! The prices are also reasonable.  If you are looking for a quick bite, this is the spot to go to. There are lines, but they go by pretty fast.  Its cafeteria style and counter service."}, {"review_id": "-afahBEoG4UUq6rnJte9-g", "user_id": "8GOLqmEYSLMO6ppzgiMYzQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "Egg drop soup udon fair, Niku udon, assorted tempura and spam misubiWent for an early dinner at 530, barely a line! Awesome broth and meats. Tempura was average but good selection. Seating is hard to come by and you might have to make a few laps before something opens up."}, {"review_id": "SDz3xGAWSbue5Iljenyviw", "user_id": "sPqHcRC--tRanPC-g4pNwQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/19/2018", "text": "The udon is so cheap, it's unreal.My boyfriend says their udon isn't anything special (he thinks Kagawa-Ya Udon near Civic Center in San Francisco is better), but I beg to differ. The handmade noodles are chewy, the broth is splendid, and the price is outta this world. Dang, those low prices alone justify how special Marukame is. Marukame's udon literally costs half the price as Kagawa-Ya's, and probably many other udon places too. Gotta be cost-conscious, bruh!We've had to endure a 30-35 minute wait the two times we came for dinner, once in December 2016, another in April 2018. The line moves at the rate of open tables, so we were asked to wait for a few minutes before we could order until more tables cleared up. Their specials involved egg drop soup, which meant that I was def going to be choosing that as my broth. I went with #23, regular-sized egg drop beef udon for $7, which was a hearty enough portion for a person of my size. I loved the egg drop soup, I loved the chewy noodles, and I loved the sweet beef and caramelized onions. My boyfriend, the bigger individual, went with #8, large curry udon for $6.25, which filled him up. I tried his broth, which was quite salty.They have a huge tempura bar, so I took a piece of squid tempura and a spam musubi while the boyfriend grabbed a fried chicken drumstick and an onigiri. We paid, filled up a small container with warm tempura sauce, grabbed utensils, and quickly found seats to scarf down our food before our rush to the airport.Marukame reminds me a lot of fast-food noodle shops in Japan. It may not be the best you've had, but it's good, it's fast (aside from the waiting in line lol), and it's cheap."}, {"review_id": "c-ouwt7k13n3LR7bMdw73w", "user_id": "Ck68dy4b3dlOIW4beOgYMQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/27/2018", "text": "I first came here with the assumption that it was the same restaurant as Marugame Udon in LA and though it does look similar (similar names and environment), Marukame is waaay better. They did not have the same dishes for me to compare but Marukame's broth was delicious! We ordered the Niki udon and I was so surprised at how flavorful and savory it was, the beef was cut thinly but delivered great taste. When we first arrived in the area, there was a line out the door but by the time we found parking and actually got to the physical establishment, the line wasn't too bad. It goes pretty quick as it is served cafeteria style. The only downside is our group of 7 having to split up when finding a table but I would definitely come again."}, {"review_id": "aznPh7BVaEat6N6FPLFRgg", "user_id": "11H1u2QaKCNmTzLP4TZ5Vw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "Noodles are so fresh. The tempura vegetables are delish! The tempura chicken tasted like fried chicken to me.  I had the curry udon and finished the whole regular size.  Definitely a must to try if you're in Waikiki."}, {"review_id": "DvS0C6jkD4aQr35VnXSNUQ", "user_id": "fOaUfArQrjnf3YBnXOxt0g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Have you ever been to Japan? If you haven't, you're missing out. If you have, this is a great place to get a little taste of it in while here in paradise. I went into work on a Sunday (I didn't need to, but was in the area and was like, ah, I'll do some work and then dig - that didn't happen) and oddly so did 2 of my coworkers. We laughed about the coincidence and figured this would be a great time to get out and get \"noodle\" lunch, as my coworker likes to call it. Located on Kuhio, near the International Market Shopping Center and Hilton Garden Inn, it's a good walking distance from anywhere in Waikiki. I've never been so it was a nice treat to experience a little bit of Japan in HNL. Very reasonably priced, freshly made noddles, choice of delicious hot and cold broth with a great selection of crispy tempura - you can't go wrong! It was by far one of the best lunches I've had. There was a line to get in, but it didn't bother me at all. That's how you know the place is good! Seating is a bit tight. It's not meant for you to lounge around and hang. You can't save seats either. You grab a tray, make your noodle selection (which I've now made it a point to one day try all of their noodles because it's that good), you select your tempura (if you so desire), pay and then look for a spot. There's a water station near the soda fountain, as well as a hashi and napkin station. You don't get waited on so don't expect someone to get anything for you. People there pretty much eat and go. So the turn around time for tables isn't that bad, but it can get ridiculous when it's rush hour during lunch. For the most part, people were welcoming strangers to share a spot on their table which was cool. I'll definitely be back! The taste of the hot broth was awesome. The crispy tempura, excellent and the whole atmosphere was pretty cool. Note: They're serious about not saving tables. There are signs posted and they're not afraid to point them out to you. I've seen an employee have to explain this to what looked like a tourist who tried to argue with him; she lost and was made to go stand in line with the rest of her party."}, {"review_id": "_fDqIjdE-cUz9ChOZ_Eg5A", "user_id": "jkMRrn7xf2QPr6lvDtzyyw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "There's nearly always a line, and for good reason: it's worth the wait!! Luckily the line movies fast enough. (Wish I took advantage of the dozens of Marukame's that I came across in Japan while living there!)The house made Udon noodles taste so incredibly fresh. The broth is absolutely addicting, light with complex flavors!My fav is the cold bowl with meat and egg but you will not go wrong with any menu item choice. Embrace the idea of cold Udon; especially on a hot summer day. You will be surprised with how much you like it if you've never had cold Udon before. Good service; menu is priced surprisingly low! (Esp for the location!)Go early! Get in and get out. They open at 7 am and it's NEVER too early for Udon!!Straight up, you will not be disappointed."}, {"review_id": "dbtt8PaSsenJDoGkxnq2oQ", "user_id": "w4DxkQQCl9NVwnNVZ-DrzQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "Holy cow this is some amazing udon. I'm not going to pretend that I'm an udon expert, but these noodles are really something else - they're made fresh and so delicious. The curry was perfect but what really stole the show for me was the tempura soft boiled egg! There's a huge variety of tempura, as well as musubi to complement your entree, so when ordering keep in mind that a regular size udon is already a lot of food. Save room for tempura!"}, {"review_id": "pA56z0Amn7ZDPFtCtqTRsA", "user_id": "HLT0ePyIp70AjlrdZwMr5A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "Heard about this place through a friend and it didn't disappoint. We were in awe of how amazingly delicious these noodles were and how affordable the meal is (especially in prime touristy Waikiki). My friends loved it so much they went back again several days later. Also the line is always super long but it moves really fast, cause it's more like a food court line where you're choosing from already cooked food. Definitely come here if you're in Waikiki! You won't be disappointed !"}, {"review_id": "HwQbIop-PbivDEFp_jYc2A", "user_id": "LMEm55vQV01JdzLn3bZVHA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/9/2018", "text": "Lines go by pretty fast, so grab a tray, order your udon, grab your tempura, pay, and indulge! You don't see many places making udon noodles from  scratch in front of you, so you know this place is unique. You can't go wrong with any of the udons on the menu and at ~$3-5 per bowl, you can basically order the whole menu! My favorite is the classic kake udon because I like just the classic broth and noodles. There's several tempuras to choose from as you move down the line so I know it'll be hard to resist! Sauces, water cups, utensils and extra bowls are available on a separate counter. No public restrooms. There don't allow you to save seats but you will mostly likely find a table because people are constantly moving in and out."}, {"review_id": "bjU8rniyAVUvirbhLqXrYA", "user_id": "yTm944r8hCGTAvdKO6Z9cw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/6/2018", "text": "Meh. I had higher expectations but the udon dish was just meh. The udon was freshly made right in front of me and the texture was there. It was just lacking flavour. Ordered the limited edition egg drop dish with beef. Loved the beef. Tasted like yoshinoya beef. The soup didnt really have a distinguished taste to it.The side dishes were cafeteria style where you pick and choose what you want and they tally up the cost at the end. I got one of everything just to try but it was a disappointment. The tempura batter was stale and it was cold. The karaage was probably the best. It was nice and juicy.Would i come back? Probably not. The party i came went with also thought it was meh."}, {"review_id": "j5BKm2inVNwJDCfXKsRuKg", "user_id": "Ao8ahVBhXOwRdj0bAkyMcA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "First visit (April 2018) to Marukame Udon and really enjoyed the udon. I can understand why the line usually extends onto the sidewalk (we waited at least 45 minutes).  It's cheap, nice variety of udon and big selection of tempura. Had the curry udon and also tried the beef udon ... both good and the broths were delicious (albeit a bit greasy due to the tempura flakes added). If you're in Waikiki then it's a good, inexpensive way to have Japanese comfort food"}, {"review_id": "7AnWyibly_b37Zilc-pjlg", "user_id": "Yd4mmikbpSz6t7XYFYOesQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "Excellent! Reminds me of the curry that I had back in Japan. The noodles were soft and delicious. The soup base flavorful. This place was pointed out by out your guide. Located along a common tourist route in Waikiki. We went twice during our trip. The first was one evening around 8pm. The line was out the door and had doubled back on itself. At first, intimidating but it moved fast. Took about 30minutes to get to the front to order. We watched them kneed, cut and boil the noodles fresh while we waited. Cafeteria style in a way. You pick your number to order and pick up down the line. You can grab the tempura that you want and put on your try then pay. Orders can be to eat in or to go. There is seating available inside. The second time we stopped by at 7am. There was no line and we tried the spam with rice. I'm not a huge spam fan normally but this was seasoned well and tasted pretty good. I'd recommend this place  but go at a less popular time to avoid the long lines."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/marukame-udon-honolulu?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]