[[{"review_id": "T5N_d_L5Eo0Xj6xZGbLglw", "user_id": "98j7NsG2qLaEFwNN-0hFdg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Eggs Benedict with taro bun !!! I come here every time I visit Honolulu because they simple have the best Benedict ever. Small menu but good food. Wait time can be long at times."}, {"review_id": "FTSBRZfKnyA7gdDwFUgL3Q", "user_id": "CRRtHk3rFBFoEXvMU2-nOg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "I'm so glad we gave this place a try. We've been wanting to come here but always judged it due to such a small menu selection. Located around the corner of the Hilton Hawaiian village hotel. Well this am, I was craving French toast. Woke up a little later and many places stop serving breakfast at 10am. However Goofy serves breakfast all day. As I mentioned, menu is very small and the spot is compact as well. We were seated upstairs and thank goodness for tradewinds otherwise it would've not been so pleasant to eat due to body heat as the place is cramped. I swear we could overhear other ppls conversation. The atmosphere is mostly tourist and feels like a surfers beach house minus the view of a beach. LoLM O V I N G along...We ordered the BERRY MIX to share. Topped with bananas, blueberries and strawberries, the bread was delightedly soft! The whipped cream and syrup was just the right balance of flavor. I would HIGHLY recommend adding this to your order. Ample amount for 2 ppl. I ordered the Hawaiian Classic omelette served in a iron skillet. You are offered 2 sides (taro or wheat muffin or brown rice & nalo greens or kale salad). Omelette was mixed with thick cube cut Portuguese sausage,Hamakua mushroom, spinach, generous slices of avocado, and cheddar. Another dish I would recommend! Eggs were not watery nor over cooked. I like mine cooked in between and this was perfect. Portion looks a bit small but for the average person, this is a good size. The boyfriend ordered the poke avocado bowl. Fresh thick tuna cubes, kale, wakame onions, sea asparagus and avocado. Can't speak for the dish as I didn't have any but I trust my boyfriends judgement and he was impressed overall. Their wasabi is also freshly grated. Not wasabi paste. Overall, I would say we were highly impressed. The staff could be a bit more personable. Wish the place was a bit more spacey but the food itself was amazing. Hard to say if we'd ever come back bc if we do, we'd only only the same dishes but if we did, we wouldn't mind trying the green spaghetti and cream penne. $70 - not bad for that was ordered and the quality of food. A MUST-TRY!"}, {"review_id": "vebDVzLjdqiIDPRdqZLUmA", "user_id": "C9xzRNCFFQg3WTV9Dy8SIQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Was with a large party of 12 that did not have reservations yet they quickly made room, and the service was great despite a busy lunch hour.I recommend the Big Island Beef Loco Moco, as it's 2 thick and juicy organic beef patty's on scoops of brown rice, then fried eggs and topped with brown gravy. Quite good!"}, {"review_id": "e8n6k4OvEUgyOT_JUyDOcw", "user_id": "jJ-1u_gMBpxR-9iz62aphw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "I have nothing but good things to say about Goofy Cafe. I was here for a week with my family and we ate here at least 3 times even though there were so many places we wanted to try.For Brunch:we came here around 11am, signed in for the waiting list and was seated 15 mins later. Honestly not that bad of a wait. We had the Big island french toast and the Big island loco moco. There are 2 slices/ 4 pcs french toast with fresh fruit (bananas and berries) and honestly one of the best french toast I've had in a long time. The loco moco was very flavorful and good and reminded me of beef stew with the gravy.For Lunch:We ordered the corn fried rice which has pork and kale in it with rows of grilled corn on top and the poke bowl. Both were equally amazing. For Dinner:We ordered the Manoa lettuce wrap with ground pork, Grilled pork chop  and the garlic shrimp plate. Again, we loved every dish and basically licked our plate clean. Overall, a great place that was conveniently located next to the Waikiki Hilton Hawaiian village (where I stayed). The staff was friendly and we really did enjoy the food and the atmosphere. The decor feels a bit shack like and if you sit by the open window, you feel like you're eating by a beach. I didn't have a problem with their portion size and never left Goofy's feeling hungry either."}, {"review_id": "twRYCtXfkjroSzuAC9qY6Q", "user_id": "TT95uFrhBcEYUVUNpWF5-g", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "Overrated.  Been here a few times.  Food is good but nothing spectacular.  Portions are on the smaller side (not enough for the typical guy) but they have nice presentation.  Wait tends to be long, even when there are multiple open tables.  (Not sure if it's just because they prefer for there to appear that there are more people than there are, but at least the food comes out quickly and they are quick to take your plates away and give you the bill.)Açaí bowl - berries ($11) - good but a bit on the watery side, good amount of granola and honey.  Sambazon acai.Hawaiian omelet ($14) - with Portuguese sausage, avocado, hamakua mushrooms.  Well-cooked eggs, fresh.  Needs a bit more seasoning, but sriracha remedies this.  Comes with choice of two sides--we like the taro English muffin and kale salad.Loco Moco ($14) - good amount of gravy, well cooked runny eggs, but just your standard loco moco.  You can get better and cheaper elsewhere, but if you're craving it, it's ok.Kalua pork Benedict ($14) - standard kalua pork.  The accompanying Okinawa purple potatoes are fantastic and well seasoned."}, {"review_id": "6RUkN_LV16bmEvF8dcDD0A", "user_id": "RVoeaWtbH8gddXn6vUim7Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "Worth the wait! This little cafe located on the second floor is amazing.  The cafe can hold what seemed to be about 30 people. The decor is filled with antique surf memorabilia, and a plantation type of vibe. The staff is both American and Japanese.The menu is not extensive, but unique and simple. Ordered a few dishes, loco moco, omlette,  and berry French toast.Each dish was amazing,  the omlette came in a cast iron pan with a side of salad and taro English muffin. Great taste and simple.The loco moco was definetly a home made burger and sauce, large portion and very flavorful. Lastly was the berry French toast, this dish came out last and thank goodness because this was the best of our 3 dishes. Fluffy and perfectly cooked French toast. Honey was drizzled on top which gave it a slight sweetness. I did not use any syrup. This French toast was hands down the best I've every had."}, {"review_id": "25pZujCQpu-34Gx5Mi0EoA", "user_id": "nK09ArCTZGMs7cv1BGwohw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/7/2018", "text": "Wow. My friend and I went out of our way to have breakfast here 2 times during our 5 day vacation. Given how many good spots there are on this island, this was a big deal to us.The first time we came, we did experience about a 30 minute wait on a Friday morning. But my friend assured me that it was well worth the wait. The next time we came, we came on a Sunday about 30 minutes after it opened, and NO WAIT! Pro-tip, wake up early and let the food motivate you as you fight sleep but experience no wait. We ordered the same things both times essentially--the Kalua pig benedict on a taro english muffin with a side of taro potatoes and kale salad, local fruits acai bowl (the second time we just ordered the local fruits as we couldn't finish the bowl the first time and we had a plane to catch hours later), and a side of Portuguese sausage. Legitimately, one of my favorite brunch spots ever. And I've been to a lot of brunch spots. The kalua pig benedict was so perfect. The pork was seasoned perfectly, the egg was nice and runny, and the lilikoi hollandaise was unique and tasted great. The taro english muffin was subtly flavored but was a perfect choice with all the other flavors going on.The local fruits, consisting of papaya, pineapple, and banana, were so amazingly fresh. I don't eat papaya in California because it cannot compare to the papaya that's available in Hawaii. Nowhere close. I miss it so. But the acai bowl with the fruits was hearty and a great dish to choose if you're trying to be healthy ahahThe side of Portuguese sausage...now I don't know if this is some standard sausage that they just buy or if it's from one of the many Island sourced farms that get their ingredients from, but hot damn, that sausage is amazing. The right amount of spice is present and it was cooked to perfection both times I had it. I wish I had more. The service I experienced was always attentive, sometimes I had to flag them down but there were only 2 waiters for this smaller establishment. I didn't wait an insane amount of time or anything.This place is first come, first serve so come early so you can experience some of the best and freshest brunch food you can imagine. I can't wait to come back here."}, {"review_id": "FVaRS_VKrssaHJQkyLLAVQ", "user_id": "4Y_5l5eor7ejtMHuxXF13Q", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "First time here. Arrived at 11:40. Seated at-Sign-in on the list.-Wait patiently.-Don't get discouraged by the people standing on the lanai outside the restaurant, some are just enjoying the day.  The hostess called quite a few names with no takers. Perhaps if I was with someone who looked like a Duane, we could have walked in. Duane must have been impatient. LOL!-Parking available in the back of the Ilikai - pay $1 per hour at the kiosk.We enjoyed the Pork Belly Eggs Benedict and Honey French Toast with Berry Mix (strawberry, blueberries, raspberries, bananas)"}, {"review_id": "UmONpD80N502KSR_pPch2w", "user_id": "cKTA-iJbfrioKWFiDreghw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/20/2018", "text": "We dropped in here for dinner on a Saturday night and had the most delicious meal. We had to wait about 30 minutes before we could get a table at around 8:30pm but it was very much worth the wait! I loved the ambiance of this restaurant and all of the people who work here were sweet and friendly. We had questions about the local shochu and two of the servers came by to tell us about it. The sweet potato chips were a good appetizer before we indulged in the poke bowls with sea asparagus and the Kauai shrimp. If I could have this meal once a week for the rest of my life I would! My friends had been here before and knew to ask for extra sea asparagus - I hadn't had sea asparagus before and fell in love that night! The poke bowl is also not on the menu anymore but you can always order it!"}, {"review_id": "wYWysvT8PZKBQ6stbXpAHA", "user_id": "JnGtgOPpkjyWOvWM0SYEXg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "small crowd at 7am waiting for opening on the 2nd floor...sign-in sheet and names called slowly after open...breezy surrounded by open windows...dark wooden beach hut feel...bar near entrance...seated with menus...order of the guava juice to start $4....browsing menu and taking a loco moco $15....hawaiian classic omelet with taro muffin and kale salad $14...omelet contained fluffy eggs, portuguese sausage, avocado and sprinkling of cheese...perfection and delicious...taro muffins were uniquely good and kale salad was an excellent balance...lightly dressed and tasteful...loco moco was basic and good...no complaints...a perfect breakfast...dinner visit a slight contrast...small wait after signing in....seated and taking the corn fried rice $12, garlic kaiai shrimp $16.80 and goofy fries $9...corn fried rice looked good and excellent iron skillet presentation....fried rice was fairly bland and charred corn kennels sliced from the cob was bit too dry...fries were good with a sprinkling of herbs, but bit too pricey...garlic kaiai shrimp was whole shell-on shrimp deep fried, but was bit soggy and greasy...needs to be crispy...rice and kale salad was good...breakfast was way better than dinner..."}, {"review_id": "iDl8WOEYwns7wtT6T2sGWA", "user_id": "5NrM6LjqJPRYj1zs6xHneA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/16/2018", "text": "During a work trip to Honolulu back in June 2016, a colleague of mine said he had been to Goofy's Cafe on a previous visit and that they had really good breakfast, specifically their Loco Moco. I looked at him and was like \"their Loco What?\"I had never heard of Loco Moco up until that moment and I remember liking it so much that I ordered it two more times that trip from different restaurants we went to. When we arrived at Goofy's that morning, I remember it being a bit crowded so we put our name in. Because it was just the two of us, we got called fairly quickly and were sat at a small table in the corner. We both ordered the Loco Moco and I was very excited to try it out for the first time. When it arrived at the table, my eyes lit up and I knew I was in for a treat. The plate was immersed in a glistening brown gravy, served with a heaping scoop of brown rice, hamburger patty and 2 perfectly cooked Eggs sunny side up. I ate every single bite and practically licked the plate clean. Definitely a great place to grab breakfast whether you are on a business trip or on vacation with your family.If you are in the area, come check them out."}, {"review_id": "B8ZC2WuOgA1KYVJcZ_AM5A", "user_id": "bj8eKrfiYC8nc7uH4jyxcw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/18/2018", "text": "Love the decor! Very friendly staff. Love the food as well. We came here for breakfast right before our diamond head hike. We wanted something a little more substantial but don't want to overfeed ourselves so we chose to split the loco moco and an order of fresh papaya.Papaya: fresh and cold. It came with lime instead of the usual lemon. I think I like the lemon papaya combination more. Needless to say, the papaya was very good! We were charged $7 for the papaya, I think it's a little over-priced, but it seems like papaya at restaurants are all in the range of $5-$8. I checked out the grocery store, foodland, and found out it's about the same price. Growing up in Hong Kong, I always see papaya at fruit stand for $2-$3 each, so it was a shocked for me to see it became such a luxury in the US (even on the island!).Loco moco: definitely has a farm to table feel to it. Very large portion! They advertised sourcing from local farms (which makes sense), and I can honestly taste the non-junky meat quality. They also added onions to their patties which added some nice flavor. The eggs on top have a very beautiful, almost orange, color. They give you plenty of gravy, too! The loco moco comes with brown nice so it's a little \"healthier\" than white rice. Even though we split the loco moco, but we were still satisfied after our hike. I think we made a good choice of splitting it. I would come back here again for more!"}, {"review_id": "njz92mT-neYMMWmpG1qBkg", "user_id": "aWejHqThyw_ODaEMB4TdWA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/19/2018", "text": "I went here on two occasions and both service was okay. The most recent service got me feeling iffy about this place. I went here with a group of six friends and we were waiting at least 30 minutes to get seated which was an understandable considering our large party size. However once we got seated we were asked what we wanted to drink and we decided to get waters. Shortly afterwards, the owner/ host asked us what we wanted to order and we said someone just took our order. Then we asked if we could order earlier since most of us want to order lunch food. Since it was 10:30, they said no and we were asked to either order breakfast food or wait 30 minutes until the lunch hour is ready. I kind of felt that was a little unprofessional but we all decided to wait 30 minutes and had to give up our table. At 11, there is no line and the host then called us back in. We got our food which was good but I just felt like it was overpriced and the customer service was not so good. The food is okay."}, {"review_id": "wn8w1U4ncxlgNukuK5TScg", "user_id": "zsCi4yeTlJbQFTVAqgmOeA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/7/2018", "text": "We took a long morning walk to this restaurant from our hotel. The restaurant is located on the second floor of the building in the center city so in case you decide to drive, you will have to park your vehicle a few streets away.There was a long wait for table, we had to write our names and wait for close to 45 minutes for our table. The wait is always expected because the restaurant is real small inside with very few tables.We ordered Maui iced coffee, Local farm eggs omelettes with rice and kale salad and Acai flavoured french toast. Everything tasted good, though the Acai flavoured french toast turned out to be very strong and the kale salad was just kale leaves and nothing else.The service is decent not great, the food portions are very less for the price which was disappointing.Definitely not a must visit place on my list."}, {"review_id": "KJwGz7dGZnoDZnhhXgHW5w", "user_id": "qC1zh5UD4-LuQoSGr02I2A", "rating": 1.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "Food is decent. The taro English muffin for the egg Benedict was the only thing that I was impressed with. The whole experience would probably be more pleasant if the workers weren't so rude. I called to check if they have a  parking lot, the guy who answered the phone said \"no, park on the street\" then hung up.  Then when we were waiting for a table, my friend went to check the waiting list, the server rudely told my friend to go to the side and wait. Food definitely doesn't make up for the rude service."}, {"review_id": "9FMUE-2ZPUUFuD6hqktp8A", "user_id": "DrqazmWz4F8LFhTHKhp5oQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/20/2018", "text": "NO TO-GO! How disappointing. I came here to try some other dish while staying at the Hilton Hawaiian Resort because of my first experience here. I needed some food to bring back to the hotel to relax with and I just had to go elsewhere. My first experience here was not bad. Food tasted good, prices could have been more reasonable, service wasn't great. Servers stood there and talked a lot when we needed water and what not. This is definitely a restaurant to come back to for food and not service or anything else. Restaurant is very very small btw. Not good for big parties."}, {"review_id": "VOBdOR-sfleXZUtoG2rv6g", "user_id": "UPwiE8DPat0BhGEN5LOOrQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "Goofy's is an amazing little cafe in Waikiki. Whether you come here for breakfast or lunch, you won't be disappointed with the level of service and food quality they have to offer! I came here for a quick brunch with my family while staying in Waikiki and we enjoyed the food so much that we came back for a 2nd visit the next morning for breakfast. My favorite dish was the corn fried rice. HANDS DOWN one of the best fried rice dishes I've had. It comes out sizzling hot on a small black skillet and is heavenly. The way they rendered the fat from the local pork and cooked the rice into it... oily perfection. Other favorites were the acai bowl and \"very mix berry\" big island honey french toast. The fruits were extremely fresh and aesthetically pleasing. If I stayed a bit longer in Hawaii, I would have visited Goofy's at least one more time to try out their other dishes."}, {"review_id": "qVsMHpZkKjAZrDi77hZwmA", "user_id": "XK8HD-UktS3vurr52efqeg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/12/2018", "text": "First time here and it was delicious. It is not one of those fancy restaurants in Waikiki, so the environment is laid back casual. It is also upstairs of a small business and has elevator for those who needs it. The outside waiting area is narrow and can get crowded. Seems like it is a family own business runs by the Japanese folks. We had our breakfast here and we loved all the food we've ordered. One thing to note is that it can take a while to get seated. So make sure to come early, write your name on the list and patiently wait. I mean, you're on vacation, especially in Hawaii, why rush. If you are one of those who are always rushing for something, please don't ever take your vacation in Hawaii. Go somewhere else that you can be catered to. Lol. I recommend this restaurant for anyone who willing to try good food. Mahalo"}, {"review_id": "oTbmTVbWNUVvOCG_4XjwEg", "user_id": "txrGftoF5VKJ7QhOvIDrbA", "rating": 1.0, "date": "4/11/2018", "text": "I would give this place negative stars if I could. They bring the order out piece-by-piece... in like 5-10 min intervals. I'm still waiting for my food as I type this!  Meanwhile, my husband, who received his food 15 min ago, is completely finished. My baby daughter ordered a simple fruit bowl and is JUST NOW receiving it over 15 min after my husband's food arrived (that's her in the photo)!  So many other complaints but I'm too disgusted to type. There will definitely NOT be a repeat visit.BONUS:  Just as we're about to leave, a friendly lil roach decides to scamper across the wall."}, {"review_id": "s3fMWQtym-lFIAiNCI238Q", "user_id": "-9da1xk7zgnnfO1uTVYGkA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/15/2018", "text": "So I finally got to try out Goofy Cafe...........and I remembered a conversation I had with my friend - Sharon H., it went something like this..........Sharon H: She was telling me she was meeting some friends to dine at Goofy Cafe.Me: Oh wow so cool, you going to da Aulani Hotel to get some Grindz at Goofy?Sharon H.: Started laughing at me.........as da Goofy guy that I am.......No Fran C., Goofy Cafe is in town, located near the Hilton Hawaiian Village!Me: Buwahahahahaha! My Bad..........I thought Goofy Cafe was at the Aulani, cuz I just thought Goofy da doggie was part of Goofy Cafe! Go figure yeah????Well, to clarify with you folks............yes, I get it............Goofy Cafe is NOT at the Aulani Hotel...........Goofy Cafe is in deed located in town, just adjacent to the Hilton Hawaiian Village Waikiki Beach Resorts. Goofy is a very small restaurant on the 2nd floor of a (walk up), of a little sorta \"house looking structure\".This past Saturday night, I was very lucky as my friends - Sharon H., & Cathy I. had treated me to a wonderful dinner at Goofy Cafe.Upon walking up to the 2nd floor, we were greeted, and seated right away as Sharon H. had made reservations at the restaurant. Menus & water were dropped off, and after looking over the menu, we ordered the following items -For appetizers -1. Goofy French Fries with Nalo Farm Herbs2. Local Corn Sticks with Nalo Herb PestoFor my meal, I ordered the -1. Garlic Kauai Shrimp with local corn & brown riceMy friends ordered the -1. Local Corn Fried Rice, Aloha Shoyu stir-fried corn2. Grilled Local Pork Chop with organic mushroom & Hawaii ginger sauceWhat can I say about the grub -I really like the way they did the Goofy fries............good texture, nice seasoning, especially the large garlic cloves they put inside with the fries. The garlic cloves were cooked to perfection, and when you bit into the cloves, it was all so soft. Included with the fries was some rosemary herbs.As for the Corn Sticks with Herb Pesto..........quite an interesting dish.......the corn was nice & soft, but I am not a big fan of pesto sauce so I would say this dish was just okay for me.For my meal - the Garlic Kauai Shrimp with local corn & brown rice, I really hit a home-run with this dish! I loved the way the Garlic Kauai Shrimp was done.........nicely deep fried with a light coating of batter, good flavor & texture.The meal came with one scoop of brown rice, and two slices of cooked corn.Both my friends enjoyed their meals........Sharon H. is a big fan of the Local Corn Fried Rice, and Cathy I. had the Local Pork Chop. I found it strange that the Pork Chop did not come with any starch.Goofy Cafe motto is \"Local First, Organic Whenever Possible\". A pretty good motto if I say so myself! Buy local, eat local...........and help the local community! Looking for some pretty good grub? Give Goofy Cafe a try............and no need worry about driving far, it's in town! Lol!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/goofy-cafe-and-dine-honolulu?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]