[[{"review_id": "OwP9y8rRsc1b3ODfWLDydA", "user_id": "LNzUe8fwKeS5HRaxtb55gw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "Musubi Cafe Iyasume... aka Musubi Cafe \"It's so YUMMYYY\". Holy  BeJesus! This IS the BEST spam musubi that I have EVEEERRRRR! Mm hmm... you see all of those 5 star reviews and such? Well, BELIEVE IT! Musubi so good that you might just accidentally bite your finger off while trying to eat it.Damn... I'm having flashbacks now. When on this island, you have to come here to satisfy for your musubi cravings! The musubi that they sell on the mainland just doesn't even compare! First of all... the SIZE! You might as well just call it a damn sammich! That thang is STACKED! Two of those things could potentially serve as a complete meal... but who the HELL would limit themselves to only 2? With all of the options that they have here, that's pretty much impossible.Speaking of options, that brings me to point numero dos. HELLA options! Crazy combos that I've never even seen or heard or until I came to Hawaii! You want bacon? Well, have some bacon on that thang! You want mango? Put it on me baby! Oh you want.... AVOCADO! YAAASSS! Nom nom nom. The combinations are virtually endless. Oh yeah, and one other thing: the food here is HELLAAAAH CHEAP! Like dirt cheap... like, I can't even believe that I can find food in Hawaii this cheap...CHEAP! In-friggin'-credible! You NEED it in yo' life! And don't even get me started on all of their OTHER delicious goodies! Yummy fried chicken, bento boxes, SESAME BALLS! Lawd, please forgive me for I have sinned! I have indulged in the pure gluttony that is Musubi Cafe \"IT'S SO YUMMYYY!\". Mm, mm, mmm!I'm counting down the days until that Musubi and I meet again... oh yeah, it's gonna be ex-rated. Cover your eyes, y'all! :)"}, {"review_id": "uKjU5j_h1Ruwed1TL7FtwQ", "user_id": "SI3XGaDZlK4KxGqVEsfjUA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "Close, affordable, delicious.What else could you want? Speed? Don't worry, I got you. The line was quick too.Would stuff my face again."}, {"review_id": "jKKZuGEDmsMP5iKxasbYhQ", "user_id": "DZaKmGqgDITCAX4HVFXUuw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "\"Never trust spiritual leader who cannot dance.\" - Mr. MiyagiI may be crazy by helping you haole's out, but hey I believe in good karma so here's my good deed. If in Waikiki and wanting something cheap, delicious, and legit go no further than Musubi Cafe Iyasume! It's amazing how Musubi Cafe Iyasume has nearly 2,500 reviews and still retains a 5-stars rating! And no, it's not all hype like that one haole said it was... oh and btw he called it \"masubi\" so right there his cred gets tossed out the window! *crane kicks out*On a recent trip to Honolulu (taking care of family business) I stumble across Musubi Cafe Iyasume in Waikiki. Yes, I was raised on the island, but rarely do locals hang-out in Waikiki, yo! I do recall coming to this \"things Japanese\" cafe a few years back, so knew what to expect: 1. Cheap, 2. Delicious, 3. Legit! I recall picking up a myriad of musubi for the beach. I also remember it was all warm, freshly made, and with good grade Japanese rice! Some fools make fake stuff, but you get the legit musubi's here! Absolute no complaints from Eric-San! So this time around, as I wait in line, maybe five people deep (giggly Japanese girls, shirtless midlife crisis haole dude, hipsters in matching mauve tank tops), as I people watch/peruse the musubi menu I notice a variety of pre-made bentos too. Still warm and priced in the $5-$7 range! Hmm. I grab the chicken variety bento and decide to give it a try! So glad I did! It was as delicious as it looked and came with miso soup! Yeah Boy! I was so pleased I came back today to try another bento, this time it was pork katsudon and it was almost as good as Elisabeth Shue dissing Cobra Kai! Yumeeeee! \"To make honey, bee need young flower, not old prune.\" - Mr. MiyagiAll in all, I highly recommend Musubi Cafe Iyasume! Don't expect fancy here! It's a very casual Tokyo \"back alley\" style cafe. It serves a myriad of musubi & rice balls... and of course the bentos I'm totally hooked on now! I've actually been to two other locations with the Musubi Cafe Iyasume label, but tbh it's just not the same! This one is so Japanese! \"Man who catch fly with chopstick, accomplish anything.\" - Mr. Miyagi"}, {"review_id": "_VIi1G7OwfQHaiS--27F6Q", "user_id": "TENAMOQaL1L7hFVw5sC2xA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "Ooh this place is so great! Hard to limit the number of Musubi you might get since there are so many options! The nice thing is each individual one is fairly cheap. I tried the spam and egg, spam and ume , spam and shiso, spicy cod roe and salmon and plain ume. It may seem like a lot of spam but it wasn't . The great thing is most of them they made fresh right when I ordered! The spam and egg I guess is very popular so that one was already pre made. The fresh made ones were nice and warm which was an additional nice touch! I loved the spam combinations - especially with shiso and ume. The different flavors combined were really nice. I also liked the more onigiri shaped Musubi! I love how they spread out the filling so each bite had something! Definitely would recommend the spicy cod roe and salmon."}, {"review_id": "J7Z_Nnz4TWIVatHnDFrisQ", "user_id": "OR593sPhK-32kift_bUrTg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/7/2018", "text": "When in Hawaii, Musubi's are a must.  You're bound to see a musubi everywhere you go, whether it's the local supermarket with a al a carte, or even a McDonald's (the only one I've seen is near Waikiki Beach honestly.  We went days on trying to find the best musubi's in town and was recommended to come here by one of my friends, a local!The cafe is a small, long restaurant shaped like a rectangle.  When you walk through the door, the line to order is to your left, and it is quite narrow at that.  Going towards the right you get a wall of different types of Spam that you might never heard of all your life, and then you have random knickknacks, and then finally, you have your seating.  The seating is limited, two person per table, and there's probably maybe 4 tables if I remember correctly.  The ambiance of the restaurant was just your typical standard small island restaurant, with limited of space.  There's very minimal parking, so good luck! There are a variety of Spam Musubis, and a variety of RiceBalls.  I mean for the price it's fairly reasonable.  I would not say it's that expensive tbh.  Mainland - California - cost around $5 for two spam musubis with no additional flavors, just your standard.  They are fairly small, I'd say approximately 3 inches long and 2 inches wide?  Order a lot if that's all you're planning on eating as a meal.  Spam Musubi is actually known more of finger foods, so you just kinda nibble on something before you eat your main course. Customer service was ok.  Nothing spectacular, I can't say I had excellent service, but I didn't have bad service either.  It was one of those monotone ordering styles.  Order and get the hell out the way so we can get these customer's going.  I understand though, they only had one cashier and I did end up ordering maybe like 7-8 musubis and some rice balls... The verdict goes:The Spam Musubis as I order a variety of them... I'm not going to list them because I damn near forgot.  I will post photos when I went super extra (PS follow me on IG: nhuuuueats).  The musubi were wrapped in Saran Wrap, super tight, and you just can't get a classic photo worthy foodie shot.  The Spam Musubi like I said were fairly small, great for a snack.  I enjoyed every bite out of the 7-8 that I've ordered, but I had to share.  Kind of bummed me out, not really.  I think if I ate all those spam musubi, I'd be gaining weight like crazy.  I go to Hawaii to relax and eat, but I gotta make room for other things right? I also ordered some RiceBalls.  The difference between spam musubi and rice balls are that rice balls have different filling on the inside and they shape it into a triangular shape to eat.  There's no spam included obviously.  So simple, you can make it at home.  The rice balls were just as good as the spam musubi.  If you're not interested eating too much spam, definitely try some riceballs. I highly recommend you pick up at least one of each here if you're in the area or in town at that."}, {"review_id": "h5Sp3x8iStsj7TMAvootCw", "user_id": "iCYMf_sHRevmzWg8la-LVw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/29/2018", "text": "YASSSS! So I will admit, this place is a bit pricey for what it is, but the combinations of musubis (unagi anyone?) is like no other place and so so so good. We even came back our last day to take some for the flight back! I really enjoyed the unagi spam musubi and although it sounds weird, the bacon avocado spam musubi was good too!They also have unagi rice bowls that are plentiful with unagi and tamago! Such an easy in and out place to go to with full bellies!"}, {"review_id": "hEURErwOzAz3EYm7ErHtNg", "user_id": "WoE8rLUh8Pu76lWw8soohQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/27/2018", "text": "If you haven't had musubis this is the place to try them.  They have so many different kinds and not just your normal spam musubi.    During our vacation, we walked over about 4 different times to get our musubi fix.  It's great snack food, easy to eat while you walk, while you hang out at the beach, in the car while you drive to North Shore, late night snack, etc.   My favorite was the regular spam musubi, egg bacon spam musubi, tuna rice ball and the tuna bonito rice ball.   The popular ones are usually ready made so the line goes pretty quickly.  The rice balls are made fresh so the rice is still warm and there's tuna with each bite.   They have a few trinkets to buy especially related to spam including a variety of spams that I have never seen before. They also have some pre-made rice plates if you want something more to fill you up.  My preference was just to buy different musubis and rice balls as my meal.  So delicious!"}, {"review_id": "C1rM29pNZqDWT1BL3Dbh8A", "user_id": "7RM5jOruuVnSqywAlhXIJw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/22/2018", "text": "How good could Musubi be, I asked myself. But the reviews don't lie. This place makes amazing musubi-- warm, fresh, savory, perfect. I tried the spam musubi with shizo leaf-- I'd never had that before but the flavors worked really well together. I also had the roe and mayo one which is now my personal holy grail of musubi :)"}, {"review_id": "WEjIndE0Aj6mg4wMC95xmQ", "user_id": "Omhu17Pu7pGbO7KjbYLj1A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/11/2018", "text": "This was my very first and very last stop in Hawaii.Spam musubi was a priority in my trip to Hawaii and it was such a masterful creation. The flavours blended together very well. It melted right in your mouth. The rice was extremely soft and flavorful. And every combination was delicious. You'll see in my pictures that we ordered a lot. If you come here for your first spam musubi experience, anywhere else you try spam musubi from will be a disappointment.My recommendation is having it with egg, avocado, and bacon, or egg, avocado and eel.Literally just melts in your mouth. I will be dreaming of these."}, {"review_id": "6CYMWqkcVWeuCrzfbk8zHg", "user_id": "V8oCtUzsdHA_Z9QpGaHCBg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/21/2018", "text": "Such a simple dish, a snack really but so satisfying!  This place was our first spot that we stopped by in HI after checking in.  It's literally one block away from Hyatt!I initially had my doubts though.  How good can a misubi be? I mean it's just rice and spam.  All my other experiences were just meh before a visit here.Essentially the store is a rectangular layout inside.  From the front door you have to go to the back to line up.  While waiting you can check out their spam variety for sale.  Another eye opener, there's more than one flavor? One of those mind boggling moment and I did want to bring one but opted for the sauce instead as a souvenir.  I haven't yet to use it yet cuz... I don't have a rice cooker. Yes, I'm Asian. Believe it or not I had a phase where I avoided rice like a plague. And with no rice cooker at home I'm not a huge rice eater but the rice ball here is addicting!  It's just the right consistency of being sweet, starchy, and moist.  On too of it if you get lucky you can get the new new, freshly made ones as opposed to already made ones out on display.I got the classic, spam and rice, but my fav was  with egg, spam, avocado, and rice.  It's really personal preference but since one of my fav combos are avocado, cheese, and egg, it was a no brainer that this was my fav.  Husband had plum one and it wasn't for me.There are very limited seating inside but nevertheless couple tables.  I grabbed 2 to 3 which was the perfect portion.  We did buy an eel one that we couldn't eat due to bees (check out my Hyatt review) and we loved it so much that we wanted to go back on our 24 hours layover but they opened late on Xmas day. Sadness... but def the best misubi!"}, {"review_id": "4A136I9fDyEa1b9elLkNow", "user_id": "cBKEROUF8HFeO7rPBKb4Og", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "I walk by this store everyday and I buy at least 1-3 a day I think I'm addicted, it's always fresh, nice and warm. Prices are reasonable."}, {"review_id": "Wnl0iWhX51hx9uP87Vpb4A", "user_id": "PODRIoHyAiybFWUMWaTYyQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "Great spot to get some musubis in Waikiki.  More local feel and not so touristy (despite being in a touristy area).  Prices are decent and the musubis are usually fresh since they're constantly being made and sold.  They've got a ton of varieties too so you can find something you wouldn't see at your local Hawaiian gas station.  If you're a tourist heading out somewhere for the day, pack a few as a snack or buy a bunch for a picnic!"}, {"review_id": "gq15q8iQexDQw1bW7vxz8Q", "user_id": "uo3RSQRMyXPCOrB_8CN3ow", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/19/2018", "text": "Note: more 4.5 stars.Came here for some musubi and I am definitely a fan of their musubi and onigiri. In total, I ended up visiting three times here during my vacation in Oahu. Partly because it's relatively cheap compared to everything else in the area and I like the quality of the food. The food is simple and they keep it that way. The quantity isn't terrible too. I've had their seaweed with edamame, jako and seaweed onigiri, takuan and red+green shiso herb musubi. There are a lot of other combinations (bacon/egg/eel/cucumber/etc) and they range from about $1.80 ~ $4.28. Aside from musubi, they do have other items like oden and boxed lunches. However, I can only recommend the musubi as that is what they are more known for. The shiso herb (red) is pickled so I loved how it complimented the saltiness from the spam and the plainness of the rice. The only gripe I have with the musubi is the thickness of the spam. I wish it was a bit thicker to complement the amount of rice given for each musubi. Every time I went, there was a line so expect a bit of a wait. Overall, I loved the musubi here and if I am in Oahu again, I would definitely visit this place again for more!"}, {"review_id": "ApKuztiIAMbt1wRLQnB3bQ", "user_id": "d3vaGL5TnVQ-1VpXBoBfKA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/21/2018", "text": "Is it bad that I visited this place three times in one day?I mean I think that should be all you need to know about this gem. It was conveniently across the street from where we were staying so we couldn't stay away. This was my first time ever trying musubi because I've never had Spam either. It just didn't sound that appealing to me and never really had a opportunity to give it a try. I never thought to myself, \" you know what my life is missing? Spam.\" The front of this building is cute. It has a image of musubi next to their cafe name. The menu was more extensive then just musubi, It also was conveniently in other languages. I always enjoy when places cater to other languages because it makes It more inclusive. It had a store like feel with places to sit in the far right of the café, things to buy in the middle, and food to order on the left. I didn't venture out very much with their menu. I stuck mainly to ordering bacon avocado musubi and plain musubi. They were great on the go snacks and super filling. If you're like me and have never tried Musubi, or spam this would be a great place to give it a try."}, {"review_id": "WzEF0E3mHqCd3NBJ2y7nnQ", "user_id": "XdSFvJieTu2SzRN0waYQGQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/31/2018", "text": "At first I was pretty intimidated walking in. Everyone spoke a different language, the menu was in a different language with some English, and there was quite a bit of wait to order.I'm so glad I stuck around!! With the surrounding neighbourhood eats can get a bit expensive. This was an excellent alternative to \"fast food\", and the expensive dining all around.I grabbed a spam Musubi and Salmon mayo Musubi. Both which were oh so comforting and hit the spot for some light, but mostly heavy! Ha!The lady at the counter was simply delightful and want annoyed by my questions! They had some pretty interesting things for sale. I wish I would've tried more.Another plus for me, was they accepted were card friendly. It seemed like most establishments in the area were cash only. I tried to order a few things so I wasn't THAT jerk."}, {"review_id": "wQg792A5xx0og3GqiPT_CQ", "user_id": "Oz1MOkxzvyVg_x5lzAHD0w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/15/2018", "text": "Super friendly staff, not much seating though. They have soup, musubi, rice dishes, etc.I got the teriyaki spam musubi and the bacon, egg and spam musubi and a milk tea (juat a canned one).Both of them were delicious and super fresh. Not sure if it's the Hawaii air or what but I wanted to get more...couldn't though, had to save room for later.If your hear, stop by and try the food. Oh, the line varies a lot...only five or six in front of me when I got there,  but when I walked out there were about 20 people in line."}, {"review_id": "A03509cJJqPBMJ4vf9Drjg", "user_id": "NmdKCZlUVJGnqDxhXl2ofw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/4/2018", "text": "Mmmmm yummy musubi + rice balls w so much variety you're guaranteed to find something to suit your taste!I think they go a LITTTTTTLE bit overboard on the rice but if you take out half it's the perfect amount. Some yummy flavors I had, eel + musubi, egg + bacon + cheese + avocado, salmon rice ball with roe, salmon mayo amongst a few!Stop by, located in a small hole in the wall area and use it as a prepacked lunch for hiking or any Hawaiian adventure!"}, {"review_id": "zqVBh9o9eH7zQveqAcOX1Q", "user_id": "qZuyjPXIsRjyFBr7HNdVcw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/9/2018", "text": "Pretty cheap place for a light meal or a snack! You can get a musubi for a little over $2, and it's only just a few blocks away from the beach. I got the bacon avocado egg spam musubi and the tuna curry rice musubi. I liked both, but the spam one more. They were flavorful and satisfying. Don't forget to check in on yelp for a $2.28 deal!The interior is small, but feels very homey with all the decor. It's also Japanese operated and most likely owned, so service is very polite. Food comes out quickly, and eating the meal is a relatively fast deed, so it probably doesn't get that crowded inside. You can always just take it to go and eat it at the beach. :)"}, {"review_id": "DfvqRDfYHc36E3bltx7khQ", "user_id": "x7rkkPtrmfwXQC6TtT2vpQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/7/2018", "text": "My girlfriend and I were on vacation.And by \"vacation\" I mean that the house was being fumigated and my kids were with their father so we stayed in her studio all. by. ourselves.  VACATION!!!So we decided to go for a walk up Kapahulu on an exciting adventure of food and discovery.The first thing we discovered was that the side of the street we were walking on had very little food and a lot of fences and gravel and grassy areas.  Which is how we ended up in Waikiki.  Because that is what lives at the end of Kapahulu.On a daring and risky whim, I declared that we shall not adventure on the main strip, no, we shall adventure through the grand street of Kuhio Avenue.Kuhio avenue starts off very boring.And then it continues to be boring and we decided to abandon Kuhio in favor of seeing the beach but then stumbled on some food trucks.  Which we had no interest in.  But then we noticed a natural food place, and read the menu, and had no interest in it.  But that led us to go check out the Korean BBQ window, which we also had no interest in, but prompted my girlfriend to look across the street and notice Musubi Cafe Iyasume.  And she said \"It's closed\" And then she said \"Oh wait, it's open!\" and over we went.Being only accustomed to musubi shops that have their musubis all out on shelves and close by 9am, I was sincerely confused as to how to obtain food in this establishment.  Fortunately my girlfriend was there to explain the very complex system of looking at the menu on the wall and asking the lady working at the counter for what I wanted.  I know, confusing, you're welcome.They make your musubis when you order them.  It is CRAZY.They have oden you can order by the piece so I can leave out the fishcake since gluten.  It is CRAZY!Three musubis, a miso soup, a small beef bowl, oden, a ginger ale and a bottle of water came out to $17.  CRAZY!I don't even understand how a place this wonderful exists in the land of overpriced-ness but one does not question marvelous things.And while we were eating a guy walked by and spat into the plants fronting the shop, and that would have been a non-event except that he and I accidentally made eye contact at the exact moment his spittle left his mouth and maintained it until his saliva landed in the foliage and it was all very awkward.But that's not really relevant.Yay!"}, {"review_id": "NUG82hA4Gd4KVDF7bQ8wDg", "user_id": "112yaXRzSYdjUPQ4bQC6bg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/10/2018", "text": "If you aren't specifically looking for this place, it's kinda hard to miss. It's a fairly small local Japanese shop. Although the store is kinda small, it serves it's purpose since most of the foods served here are fairly quick bites or on-the-go type foods anyways. They do have 1-2 small tables if you do prefer to stay and eat, but most people tend to get it to go, so the shop isn't very crowded.They serve good/cheap asian food & snacks. Popular options being the bento boxes and musubis (which is what I specifically came here for). For $1-2ish dollars, these musubis are a pick-me-up kind of food. I personally got the spam musubi with cheese. Very good and satisfied me for the time being. It was a perfect bite for the road."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/musubi-cafe-iyasume-honolulu?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]