[[{"review_id": "rT0iQe6NWF4JBMY8OvdsEg", "user_id": "RP926-YDYZMjy89-AgeSPg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "The wait for Hula Grill is about an hour during peak times, but we were able to sit down immediately at the bar (and it serves the full dinner menu). Our server was amazing, he consistently checked in on us and kept our waters full. And there was great live music and the ambiance was perfect. The bread the serve with the sweet chili sauce w/olive oil combo is so good! We ordered the ribs as an appetizer which was perfectly tender and flavored. My boyfriend ordered the Sea Salt Crusted Rib Chip, which was extremely tender and HUGE. I ordered the fish tacos, which wasn't anything special, but filling."}, {"review_id": "iv8vznj7fxKSqgjeAh-q4Q", "user_id": "DrFpYsgrowR6xQfoaZy7tw", "rating": 2.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "This review is for dinner experience. To be fare, I've visited before for breakfast and the experience exceeded expectation. The food was delicious and the staff was warm and friendly. However, dinner, well that's another story. The item I have ordered was the Coconut Seafood Chowder. This dish did not meet expectation. The description of the item was inaccurate to what was served. Not a chowder but a bow of Rice garnish with a small tail of shrimp, equally small half tail of lobster, a scallop and two small pieces of fish on a light civilities broth. The dish was very disappointing and not described accurately in the menu. The second piece, I would like to think it was just an unusual experience limited to us only. But, we made a reservation to seat on the edge of the balcony overlooking the water. We were sat not there. There was a table available and I asked if we could be sat there instead. The hostess politely told me No, because she was about to seat another party there. Well that table remained opened throughout the entirety of our dining experience. That made me sad. But she probably forgot so is forgiven. As I write this review. Our friendly waitress asked how was the dish. I expressed my disappointment and she removed the cost of that dish from the bill. That was very nice of her. She also told me they will write an accurate description of the dish and list all the ingredients including the rice which wasn't mentioned. In summary, the staff are friendly. If you choose to dine here you are likely to enjoy it much. But you may also have an opportunity to provide some constructive criticism so they can improve upon their already good service."}, {"review_id": "lYb2QtsB1b1BZAe2Qza-Ww", "user_id": "N7cvCNLlMC67s1GCj59UFA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "Hubby and I were staying at The Outrigger so we ate breakfast twice here.  First time I had the Fried Rice which is delicious, second time I had the breakfast burrito.  The Fried rice was delicious.  The breakfast burrito was okay, but not the greatest.  Living in Colorado, we have fantastic Mexican food, so Mexican food in Hawaii seriously lacks, so I wasn't surprised the burrito wasn't the best.  The views, facing Waikiki beach are fantastic."}, {"review_id": "niR9vGdMpD90vETh0XV4Ww", "user_id": "lokN0g3uh37tgNyQ2I7qJA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/3/2018", "text": "4 stars for a few reasons: apparently we arrived at the most inopportune time of the afternoon. First they told us the lower part of the restaurant was closed to new people and sent us upstairs. Upstairs they told us the oceanside tables were also closed, so we had to eat by the bar. This is not a swank dining establishment. It is a beach bar that should not require a turnover.The good news was it was happy hour. The tacos were awesome - 5 stars. However, the draft beer sucked. There are some great local brews. I can buy draft Kona Longboard in Des Moines, Iowa. It is like watered down ... blech. The other one also sucked. The love affair with Kona needs to end.Waiter gets a 5.3 stars is for the stupidity of seating on both levels, and a crappy draft beer selection. Dukes has been here forever. It wont last if they do not change."}, {"review_id": "ljdHa6Or6J0pWkCHGQ5z4Q", "user_id": "OWtzYvC5ANBIBblYRFjHQg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/26/2018", "text": "I came here for breakfast and it did not disappoint. Totally convenient... it was in my hotel (Outrigger Waikiki Beach Resort). The service was outstanding from the hostess to my server to the bus staff. The view is unbeatable --right at the heart of Waikiki Beach. I ordered the Loco Moco ($16, two eggs, braised short rib, fried rice, lomi lomi tomatoes, mushroom gravy) and the Organic Ginger Soda ($4, think ginger ale, made w/ Hawaiian ginger). The Loco Moco was an interesting twist, as the rice was fried, not steamed and instead of burger patty, they use short rib. The short rib was tender and shredded nicely. It wasn't overpowering w/ flavor, but I liked it and appreciated that it balanced out everything in the dish. The ginger soda was cool, refreshing, and washed everything down nicely."}, {"review_id": "vEw62B5aXygjHiHEGRuotg", "user_id": "63lhKvmij3Y0hAAHMqdxyA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/19/2018", "text": "This place and the staff are AMAZING. Hollie, our server, and Kaulana, the Manager, were incredibly hospitable, and helpful in making out event special and unforgettable.Our night started by being created by the friendly and extremely nice hostesses (two girls) who offered us cocktail service right outside of the restaurant at some nice tables that are there for you to use if there is a wait (we arrived early and had to wait about 10 minutes). The food was incredible as it was creative and extremely fresh. The menu offers a large variety of seafood and even has vegetarian, chicken, and steak dishes too.Again Hollie and Kaulana truly made our event special as Hollie was extremely knowledgeable too the menu, types of fish, and what would satisfy everyone as we had a large party of people, each who had specific wants. Hollie and Kaulana were not only knowledgeable but they were also SO friendly and kind as they made our celebration of one of our guests birthdays extremely memorable and fun.Having had a bad experience at a different restaurant close by Hula Grill a few nights earlier, this was truly a refreshing and incredible dining experience that helped to make our vacation incredible. Thank you Hollie, Kaulana, and the rest of the amazing staff as you all made our trip and dinner better than we could have imagined."}, {"review_id": "i2AQDoTXXAY84E1yyTJXHw", "user_id": "riy-RCYDgrp7_BqQO1JJHw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/30/2018", "text": "One of our favourite restaurants in Waikiki during our stay at the Outrigger Beach hotel. Usually the restaurants in hotels are just ok so had no real plans on eating here. I was chatting with a guy waiting for the elevator on the first day and he was raving about the place so thought what the heck, let's give it a shot (after getting buy-in from our group of course.)Located on the upper lobby directly facing the beach. Spectacular views, would come here just for that alone.Food was very good as well. Tried the Kahuna Burrito which had lots of eggs and Kukui sausage plus lots of other goodies. Over a few different meals the family had the crispy battered Baja fish tacos, Chef's burger, Loco Moco, Poke tacos and some salads. All were well done, nice portion size and very tasty. Not cheap but the view and taste were total winners."}, {"review_id": "wT1MHvh_GW7RAw4UR-N90g", "user_id": "__9jhqbZS9mwvLDI4gbuUw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/13/2018", "text": "I like this place for brunch.the food are good, the view is beautiful and the prices are really reasonable.order the omelet with country style potato, order the waffles and don't forget to order papaya.the papaya is something else!half papaya per order (Hawaiian papayas are small), they will give you a spoon and the rest are up to you.just scoop them up and put them in your mouth.easy."}, {"review_id": "HBsWIlY9NcgaROSnbCqY7g", "user_id": "qZuyjPXIsRjyFBr7HNdVcw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/9/2018", "text": "I got the kalua pork eggs benedict! It was decent, as it wasn't the most amazing pork or the most amazing eggs. I thought the bread the eggs benedict was served on was unique because it was on a steamed bun instead of the typical english muffin.My friend got an omelette, and other friend got the loco moco fried rice. Both were yums and filling, but nothing too special.The best part about this place is that it is a nice place to dine with a view of Waikiki beach . There can be a wait, so just come early."}, {"review_id": "PHCBBeQhN5OttZunviFsdQ", "user_id": "WoRIn-bIUypQ68xY_H3T1g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/1/2018", "text": "Lots of food! Not as much as a plate lunch, but more than a normal hotel restaurant would have for the same price. A bit spendy with a longer wait, but it has a beautiful view and tasty food. Fish and chips and fish tacos were great."}, {"review_id": "7N3BWLf4-hrGMW_wZ-fq2A", "user_id": "2wS3KhSchHpLP-dAd6zv6A", "rating": 2.0, "date": "1/25/2018", "text": "Meh. Maybe not. We ate here for brunch - yes the view is nice, but the food was disappointing. Expensive for the quality, portions and taste. With all the choices in the area I would not come back here. The decor is also very dated and touristy. Poke tacos: if a place has poke tacos I always order it because I love them! The ahi was not fresh, the color was off and the portion was very small for $18. It was good but not anything to remember.Strawberry Mochi Waffles: these were actually yummy! Nice crispy exterior and chewy on the inside. Good flavor and nice touch with the honey. You do not need syrup at all.Fish and chips and salad: these were okay. I liked the steak fries, but they were not crispy. The shrimp salad was just ok, not much flavor. FYI: if you come during Aloha hours 3-445, you cannot sit on the lanai for the ocean view. Overall you can find much better spots for brunch for the amount we paid for more than mediocre food."}, {"review_id": "0_AMajiXmuoseEsNAJzNzw", "user_id": "x2ztVnpEzkol4yA59IXRAA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/1/2018", "text": "Great view and great drinks.  Okay food. I came because of all the raving reviews and the service was nice.  They told me and my friend that we would have to wait for about 15 minutes or so, but we could start ordering drinks at the bar.  I ordered a mai tai and my friend ordered something else.  The mai tai was sweet, but I could really taste the coconut coming through, and it wasn't overwhelmingly sweet either.  We were able to snag a table with a partial beach view, so that was really nice for breakfast.  Having drinks, eating some breakfast food, and relaxing by the beach is idyllic. But the food was only average. I ordered the strawberry mochi waffles which sounded amazing on paper, not so much in person.  It was too gummy from the mochi.  I was expecting a crisper, crunchy outside, but it to be soft and gooey on the inside. It just turned funny and made my teeth stick together.  My friend ordered the Lobster benedict.  Eggs were nicely poached, but the hollandaise sauce overwhelmed the delicate lobster.  I think a traditional benedict would have been better.Service was efficient and kind.  Our waiter kept our water filled, made sure we were comfortable, and always asked if we wanted refills.  He did an excellent job considering the restaurant was full.  Overall, I find the food to be questionable, but service and drinks were great. Probably only come by for a beautiful view, drinks, and maybe dessert.  Find your main meal elsewhere though."}, {"review_id": "D5HPYgq3OAFsRu1a5gIcGQ", "user_id": "HRU81Pg5puFI8lvNVM_hSg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "I had a birthday dinner with my girlfriend here and the place is really beautiful! We had the table on the terrace and we enjoyed the sunset during dinner. The food was amazing too! We had the Poke tacos that was delicious and then we had Ahi and the fish special. Everything was delicious!!! Our server, Jorge, was very good too! He was always careful to give us some suggestions and check on us if we need something. It was a wonderful dinner! Considered the place and the quality of the food the price was reasonable."}, {"review_id": "MRNaiNFQ5Z0hMEdSsHt2-g", "user_id": "sRSA72DCeul5z676a9EVQw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/2/2018", "text": "Eat the fricken pie! I'm serious!!This place is the sister company of Duke's Waikiki (just located downstairs). My Yelp BFF's client works here and so we said we would stop by ... best decision ever!The focaccia bread is so yummy with the sweet chili and olive oil pairing. Who would've known?! The calamari was incredibly tender, did not taste fishy, and came in large pieces. It was topped over a bed of slaw dressed with a yummy vinaigrette. I had the mahi fish dish and the Yelp BFF ordered the filet of steak. The fish was incredibly moist and flaked at the touch of the fork and the steak melted in your mouth. I don't think I need to say much about the hula pie because the photo speaks for itself.We had excellent service and had an amazing view over the beach. My life (food) motto is that you should always order dessert because dessert fills the heart. Also, the lava flows are bomb!Would definitely recommend! Thanks for reading my reviews! Let me know what I should try next!!"}, {"review_id": "XjntGfdB2FqSFBmd_xvf5g", "user_id": "lHIMws0_dxlq7JxKNCfj-A", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/3/2018", "text": "Decided to play tourist and come here for lunch w my bf. If I remember correctly, we came on a Monday. Got seated right away, wasn't crowded at all...Pros: I ordered the loco moco, my bf ordered some eggs and bacon thing, and we split the açaí bowl. Would definitely recommend getting the açaí bowl! My loco moco was ok, I think the gravy could have been more flavorful. I would probably try something else if I were to come back. It was a nice day when we came and got seated right next to the balcony. Gorgeous views and atmosphere :) Cons: service could have been better. I don't really like being checked on all the time anyways, but sometimes it was hard to even try and find someone to flag down to ask for anything. I don't think I ever got a refill on my water either :(Overall, it was my first time coming here.. the service wasn't so bad to the point where I wouldn't come back and the food/environment was good enough to where I'd want to give this place another try!"}, {"review_id": "LCjtJpuA0uPZbL-avbeplg", "user_id": "C1aroRO4z1j2HPi6UBFNYg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/24/2018", "text": "We went twice for breakfast and once for dinner. Pricy but well worth it. The breakfast pancakes were amazing. Every fresh fish dish we tried was phenomenal as well. The hula pie was generous to say the least, it could easily feed 3. Service was friendly and efficient. Sit at the restaurant balcony for a great view of the beach."}, {"review_id": "aF7aC13BxV34SowEguXIEw", "user_id": "7O_H5oA5j-k0P_Oaz1nruQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/1/2018", "text": "Great place with an amazing view! The bartender was really friendly and attentive to us  throughout our meal. Their burrito is a must have!"}, {"review_id": "pIOciQracIvmpdGzRHNKlA", "user_id": "HQ8GOXvbuqlFSbJaWJAYBQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/21/2017", "text": "Hula Grill Waikiki is located on the second floor and overlooks beautiful Waikiki Beach. Some of the seating is fully indoors, while a majority of it is located on a balcony of sorts. Unfortunately, we came on a rainy/overcast day so they had to deploy the rain coverings. I can only imagine how nice it would be on a sunny day.As for the food, I had no complaints for my Kahuna Burrito. While a majority of it was egg, the meat, cheese, and avocado balanced out the flavor very nicely. It looks plain from the outside, but the inside packs a punch.Overall, it was a fantastic experience. If I ever get lucky enough to be at Waikiki Beach in the future, I will definitely be back for more."}, {"review_id": "P8pnwDJIxF4zNk01n53hJQ", "user_id": "sULd125hMPuwC23kcffTWw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/16/2018", "text": "Was looking for the best mudslide in Waikiki and this spot kept popping up so of course had to check it out. They were amazing! But the lava flow was even better. We did not try any of the food but I highly recommend getting some tropical drinks from the bar!"}, {"review_id": "gEg2XhUKcqx8Fzu6DSlSwQ", "user_id": "GD1MXsb8f0HqKlUG7TmZKA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "We valet parked at the Outrigger hotel and went on the beach. Dukes in on the main floor, so you have to walk up two flights of stairs to get to Hula Grill. It was not crowded when we arrived so that was nice that we didn't have to wait."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/hula-grill-waikiki-honolulu-3?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]