[[{"review_id": "Yy9BOrt9d4CKiPQiRWKOLQ", "user_id": "jCF2lKTngLwbUt1dVg08nw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/11/2018", "text": "This place has a little bit of everything. We typically just come here for drinks but celebrated a birthday here recently. The food was pretty good but nothing to go crazy over. I had the Seared tuna club and sweet potato fries. The tuna was a bit over cooked and more medium rare but the fries were very good. The drinks were delicious and they have a lot of unique cocktails that are delicious. Great bartenders! They also have a distillery on air which is pretty cool. The service was great and so was the atmosphere. We will definitely be back!"}, {"review_id": "4nL4eJWxIEDXgOawsIQXBA", "user_id": "Rwv2Aq3UzXi64u62U_F4Cg", "rating": 2.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "I am a little confused about what this place's \"theme\" is supposed to be. It's sort of woodsy, looks sort of Alpine lodge-like... And then there some random chalkboard thing of Michael Scott hocking some kind of mystery drink. I dunno. Maybe because I was already drinking at another place, but this place just really didn't impress me. We wanted to grab some small bites to nosh on, and happy hour bites would have been great for that. The waitress took our order and then had to come back to tell us that they weren't going to honor the happy hour because it was too late (like 5 minutes had passed - and if we weren't going to order in time for HH, why did you give us the HH menu?) - the group next to us were also told the same thing by a different server. Maybe they need to train their staff better. I got a bellini. It was ok. The hubs got a mystery cocktail because he was sold by the Michael Scott advertisement, haha. This was awful. I like cilantro but even that was too strong for me. We also got the peanut chicken satay to split and a side salad. We liked the salad."}, {"review_id": "AMy41dLJV_S_BPhRBqJSVA", "user_id": "SEPSy_TUicGdTg-_72aOmQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/7/2018", "text": "Overall this place is usually pretty good. On a Friday night this place was slammed and it showed in the food quality. We had a large group and our server did a fantastic job of staying on top of drinks and food orders. However the kitchen must not have been very communicative because after telling us they were  out of their special ribs and choosing something else another table was able to order the ribs next to us. We also ordered sweet potatoe fries, told they were out, then our plates showed up with sweet potatoe fries. We then after ordering something else got ribs miraculously, but they didn't have the sauce on them. Again I don't think it was our servers fault just misinformation. The food itself there is usually good however the last few times the quality has been lacking. This time the ribs were slightly cold and the rice underneath was also cold. This may have been due to the large table we had and having to wait for each entree, however it seems like they should at least try and keep the food warm. The burger my boyfriend got had a soggy bun and looked like it had been speedily thrown together. The fries were soggy like someone had spilled auju sauce on the plate. Basically overall a disappointment after waiting an hour and a half for dinner. Again, I've been here multiple times and the service is always excellent. Maybe they were just more overwhelmed than usual. I will give it another try, hopefully with better results next time."}, {"review_id": "Z_bx1kpPK0zF0VMem2xyxg", "user_id": "rI6Tqy2WR_ks5F47yYkZUw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "I do not know why for such a long time I had the perception that Bardenay was over rated. After eating there three times in the last 6 months I have been consistently impressed with their reasonable drink prices and delicious food. Times I have gone on a budget, I get the tuna sandwhich and a side salad for under $10. When I can afford to splurge, I never regret it because the food is so delicious. They really know how to cook a fish and I love indulging a well cocktail along with it. I prefer to go when they are less busy because both restaurants get loud and there is almost always at least one large group. I think they handle high numbers of customers pretty well. No complaints here!"}, {"review_id": "Et9bs5wFg4KY7pR-AiJUiw", "user_id": "8M6AOHJrjszSTmcda3rcHA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "Food was EXCELLENT! The seared ahi salad was maybe the best tuna Ive ever had. Thier ipa list was a little small, but overall everyone was really happy with their food and drinks. The restaurant itself is beautifully done. The old brick walls are awesome and the chall art is really cool. They has Michael Scott drawn in chalk on one board really well lol. Only reason it didnt get 5 stars was service was a bit slow. All in all though I will definately be back."}, {"review_id": "r8XF_XdYR1d-LlaRDnx33g", "user_id": "u19zEK9boYM-OWuaz_HXNQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/5/2018", "text": "Stopped in here with a buddy because he wanted me to try it for the first time.I ordered the BARDENAY AMERICAN-STYLE KOBE SANDWICH. Basically, it's an upscale philly cheesesteak with provolone cheese and creamy horseradish on a multi-grain focaccia bread, served with a side of their rosemary au jus.The meat was extremely flavorful and juciy, and was perfectly complimented by the soft crunchiness of the focaccia bread. I ordered an extra side of horseradish because I enjoy the extra \"sting\" in my nose.My side with the sandwich was Bacon Blue Cheese Coleslaw. It was tasteful, yet extremely light for those that don't want to feel heavy or bloated after your meal.My buddy ordered a side of there Apricot Walnut Cous Cous, which I was hesitant about at first, but surprisingly enjoyed and will probably order next time I visit Bardenay.To top everything off, staff was EXTREMELY friendly, courteous, and attentive to food and drink requests."}, {"review_id": "7DjY8Le6ad61852RqukMlQ", "user_id": "8vPhkNG4lyST-VSeWWHp5A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "The food was good but unfortunately they messed up our order and when they said they will fix it and bring it right out they still brought it out wrong. (I mean mistakes happen, I get that... But twice?) We were kind of in a hurry at that point and hungry so we didn't want to wait for them to re-bring another dish so we just ate something we didn't order."}, {"review_id": "JSO9VrF64hUvhiJYKWP-_Q", "user_id": "Dk3L-OdqxfooXJFrRhNGJA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "Love it! Great food! All made from scratch! Amazing wine selection! Creative cocktails! Friendly staff!"}, {"review_id": "NehJyTioP1Z4YFu-Wo2U6A", "user_id": "c_ppawQYg_bXodROGWQlyQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "8/30/2017", "text": "We were in town for the eclipse and asked our hotel for a restaurant recommendation for our family of four. Without hesitation, we were referred to Bardenay - a great choice! There is something for everyone here. Their menu has so many tempting dishes, it was hard to make a decision on what to eat. I settled for the Panzanella Bruschetta Salad and it did not disappoint. Both mozzarella and feta cheese, fresh cucumbers, red onions, tomatoes, Kalamata olives, and, of course, grilled rustic bread! A very satisfying salad. My daughter had the Cheese Board for her dinner entree. I was almost a little jealous because her board had so many delicious goodies, from fresh fruit to glazed walnuts, but she kindly shared some with her mom. Also, despite the busy evening (due to the eclipse invasion), our server was very attentive and cheerful.If we ever get back to Boise, we'd make it a point to stop by here again."}, {"review_id": "JX6wyHOWQN4iOs5pYZWL1g", "user_id": "6dbpUje4-0Ksxk6I0heaPg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/4/2018", "text": "Have spent lots of time at the 2nd location abs have eaten dinner many times after a late night at the office. Very good place for dinner and their own lemon infused vodka. However thus trip was at the original location downtown and for lunch. My meal was seriously good, like the best steak sandwich I've had. My wife had a spicy shrimp salad. Its a great place downtown cool building and great experience for me to show my wife around Boise"}, {"review_id": "rAfgmakQpsqkhufChoqp4A", "user_id": "koKQKbz1bsA6ypxLK0EQhw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/7/2018", "text": "Terrific service. Very nicely done food. Drinks were excellent. The only mistake we made was thinking we could have a better meal at Cellar. Horrible mistake. We should have stayed at Bardenay!!"}, {"review_id": "FVteLE5AUrtW4LizKKWL3g", "user_id": "qNeMBnzJc3Kwk8Z39TDZEg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "8/8/2017", "text": "So I followed the local yelp to this place because of the promise of great cocktails.  I was also really excited about it being a distillery.  What I found when I got there was something similar to an Applebees. So,  all in all it was just fine.  Nothing was BAD persay, but nothing was really that good.  There wasn't a lot of originality in the cocktail menu,  and I had a hard time finding something that excited me (and let's be honest,  most alcohol gets me excited). I tried two drinks that had their house  liquor in it. Both were okay nothing to write home about and I couldn't really see any big deal about their house distilled liquor. When I asked the bartender for a recommendation on a second drink because I thought I might be missing something she was confused, then I said in simpler terms which one is the most popular. I would like to try something with your house distilled liquor. She replied with an attitude \"this is a Distillery so anything is good\" honestly, what saved them was the option for satays on the menu. It's nice to have just a little bit of bite of protein when you're trying to try cocktails, instead of regular bar food. However my chicken satay was dry and extremely salty.So what I recommend this place when visiting Boise? No. There are many other really great small independent bars and restaurants. If you live here it might be another story, as it's an easy menu and good for the non foodie."}, {"review_id": "EuK-VoYdinUBo7tONS4NVQ", "user_id": "0FEFFT5xQt_I1q8jna7lKQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/4/2018", "text": "5 star+!  The chef, Tom, cared enough to make our ahi salad look extraordinary.  Instead of laying the tuna on the salad, as most places, he took the time to create a beautiful rose bud, opening atop of the greens ... they were impressive, to say the least.  GREAT salads, by the way ... the rose was seared rare peppered ahi tuna, along with feta cheese, sweet roasted peppers, Kalamata olives, tomatoes, capers and pine nuts ... with a great herb-lemon vinaigrette.  Oh, and with a slice of yummy bread on the side.  Our waitress was delightful and attentive, even tho they were very busy.  The whole wait staff appeared very congruent and happy.  It's obvious the back of the house is together. The drinks were great!  Love Bardenay vodka!We'll be back for, now, our favorite salad in Boise!Thanks!"}, {"review_id": "UAB82xOkAd3bKj-svVFa4g", "user_id": "nSLA9ysGTNL94E2k_ltjog", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "One of my favorite restaurants. We've frequented this restaurant for 13+ years (expect the six months).Service during our last dining experience was poor (the restaurant was not busy and there was plenty of staff), but the food was excellent. Kudos to the kitchen.I just hope our next experience the waitress is more cordial and attentive."}, {"review_id": "bye7M1SQVNoX5CNzez9WrQ", "user_id": "AjskdQUNrLwa6jcv-HPVCA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/27/2018", "text": "Awesome hummus plate and tasty drinks at happy hour. Patio seating and solid wait staff"}, {"review_id": "k2w-aENXtFCPC89WmP7lcQ", "user_id": "ErJ79mvu_C1eGbbbhChRsA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/27/2018", "text": "Love this spot! Service is excellent! The people who work there are really friendly and welcoming. Awesome bar options including good beer and wine selection, fun craft cocktails and variety of champagne cocktails. Food menu is just as good. Try the wings and the trout spread. Delicious!We've been in twice and will definitely be back next time we are in town."}, {"review_id": "dGcHG2vkCmZQg8LBvgeKIg", "user_id": "-GowNe73gDZs9MfS3ugJDQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "8/27/2017", "text": "Stopping by for lunch during this quick Boise trip.  Gearing up for brewery hopping, and what better way to start than with some good food and a cocktail or two.Bardenay is located right in the middle of the Basque Block in downtown Boise, making it a great location to swing by if you need a bite while sightseeing.  However, this is a far cry from the type of food you'd expect to try in the Basque part of town.  New American style, sandwiches, burgers, and pub favorites abound.  And their drink menu is quite extensive with beers, wines, full bar, and of course, a selection of liquors they make themselves.  I ended up ordering the steak pita wrap with the bleu cheese and bacon slaw for my entre.  For a drink, I ordered a vodka and soda, made from their own lemon-infused vodka.It was clearly a busy time for them this day.  Apparently several of their staff had called out, and so the remaining servers were running their butts off trying to tend to everyone, all the while with very pleasant and helpful attitudes.  While I applaud their efforts, sadly, I personally fell through the cracks, as I had to ask for my drink twice after the rest of my party had already gotten theirs.  And tasting it, I was unclear if i had even gotten the lemon-infused vodka in my cocktail or just the regular type, as there was very little flavor I could get.  (I will say, though, that it was a pretty good vodka)  However, our server was right on-point, and immediately got me an additional shot of the vodka to top me off, and I could clearly taste the difference after that.Fortunately, all our food arrived promptly and together.  Trying my steak wrap, I was amazed, as it was really dang delicious.  Very good quality beef, cooked perfectly, and seasoned to perfection.  The slaw was OK, though a bit bland, and maybe a bit more bleu cheese and/or bacon in it could have bumped it up a notch to make it a good pairing with the wrap.  My companions likewise thought their food was excellent, and my friend eating the turkey burger was blown away by it.As we sat there, some of us ordered another round of drinks, which admittedly we all passed around to try tastes of.  I have to say, the one drink that really stood out to all of us was the Huckleberry infusion.  This dark purple beverage, served in a martini glass, was almost like drinking a liquid jolly rancher.  I mean this in the best possible way, of course.  It certainly was very sweet, but packed huge amounts of flavor.  Definitely give this one a try if you stop in.I would say that this joint is great for a casual lunch or dinner out on the town, and certainly for a cocktail or two.  Everything was quite good, if not terribly unique.  But if you are in the mood for some good eats and great drinks, definitely keep Bardenay in mind."}, {"review_id": "ZCBBMey0VXzVIOitt6iMrA", "user_id": "RPUl22x1_TIF7cuLymWhJg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "We came in with a larger party this evening and the hostess was wonderful to us. She quickly helped us find a table, although it was very crowded, and was so kind. Our server, who we have had several times, was friendly and efficient! The food and cocktails were fabulous. Always such a positive experience at Bardenay!"}, {"review_id": "COUdlqjXZiWnKthug8nmtQ", "user_id": "fb9Fwe5hMqlZwmK3N1PB7A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/22/2018", "text": "This is one of my favorite restaurants in Boise.  It's got a spacious interior with a lot of different seating options.  The menu is really extensive, with typical American fare, plus some international/fusion options.  I've never had a bad meal here.  It's good for date night or when you have guests in town you want to entertain."}, {"review_id": "KiSDi462RICplkzb1kyyLw", "user_id": "lgoMChnRVAP_s_OgHQa56Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/18/2017", "text": "I'm so glad I insisted on having dinner at Bardenay's for our last night in Boise. I love it here! It is a huge restaurant, with high ceilings.  Our server, Nick was awesome. I had the Thai fighter cocktail and it was refreshingly good. It kinda tastes like a mojito but better. The hubby liked their IPA's too. I really wanted to try their trout but they were out(bohuhu) so I had the corned beef and kimchi Reuben with a side of sweet potato fries instead. The hubby had their steak sandwich with a side of fries and the kiddo had the kid's cheeseburger and fries. I was pleasantly surprised by the combination of the corned beef and kimchi. It was crazy good and the sweet potato fries were crunchy and not greasy at all. I normally can't eat a whole sandwich but the Reuben was so good I ate it all. The hubby's steak sandwich was huge and cooked exactly how he wanted it. Pretty good too. The kid's cheeseburger was a full-sized burger. She loved it.We were all very pleased with our meal. They offer military discount too btw ....yeeeaaay! We will definitely be back."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/bardenay-restaurant-and-distillery-boise-boise-3?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]