[[{"review_id": "AL5YfN2LQypen7L2eXntNA", "user_id": "qsRHejDm-bMyK8EaHJbyKg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "Spectacular food and amazing service. The staff really tries to make your experience perfect. Young and hip, with a totally friendly vibe. One of the best in my travels."}, {"review_id": "W1f6yGVWoVBChIYd-wkaqg", "user_id": "nkqiob3eJufa2LJuLP7PQw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/10/2017", "text": "Character, history, modern comfort... ..and sophisticated cocktails. I recently had the pleasure of spending a hybrid fam/work couple of days in downtown Boise.  I'd heard about the Modern, but didn't know a whole lot about how they do things in this new-hospitality environment.  Now I do...Michal, Polly, Remi, and Ryan do things classically well @ the Modern. Whether the original long-lasting furnishings and mementos, or the updated showers and styling throughout the property, it feels comfortably near the edge. From the relaxed yet professional vibe in the bar and dining room, to the community boosting common area with one of Boise's best fire pits..  Things are done with grace and rhythm, along with a touch of flash for good measure.Getting ahead early, and keeping up the pace.  That's how I'd describe what I felt about the hotel from what I'd heard about its' tenure in Downtown Boise, and the experience during my time under its' roof. From the professional & friendly check in, to the well kept room @ 103 along with its' fairly luxurious restroom (including a new dual-head shower), we were happy with our choice.  Once settled-in, (aka, choice of bed battled for, and triumphed by the smarter of the two of us) we headed out to the community fire~pit reprieve.  My son, happy with his recent victory..  ; )  found a spot next to a 30-something couple and got straight to answering the customary small-chat questions.  I spotted some local friends as I approached the fire, in for a cocktail at the end of their work day.   After a few minutes catching up, and with the young sir content in his conversation, it was time to meet a buddy to catch up over cocktail hour.  As we discussed the latest, we were pleasantly educated about the house's custom cocktails, along with some of the classics that they pour so well.  Ryan was easy to talk to, and at the same time purposeful with his movements as the bar filled.  It was entertaining to watch as he crafted precise original concoctions and familiar crowd favorites.After 40 minutes, we'd caught up on about all we had room for, and the young one was starting to show signs of hunger, or should I say h-anger, hahaha.  We elected to head out for dinner that evening, since the Modern bar and dining area is traditionally adult only.Once back to the room, the comfortable beds didn't disappoint, and the flat screen provided a few simultaneous laughs before we both nodded off.The morning brought a simple, yet quality breakfast selection and a quiet table to converse about life for a while.  I was grateful for how welcoming and patient the staff was as we talked through a few of those father / son discussions that find there way to the table at the most random of times.Overall, I'd say if you're traveling for business, entertainment you'll be happy with your decision to stay at the stylish and perfectly located Modern.  They make considerable effort to make sure you're comfortable and happy with your stay.Stay Grateful and Dine Well, friends."}, {"review_id": "6oSoyDo_CCuIb3MO0wR-Fg", "user_id": "Y-fPeP9dmciMYg83esNSWw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "7/18/2017", "text": "This spot is so inconspicuous! I have driven by it for years, never thinking to stop in and check it out. Last week I stopped in for the first time, and I am so glad I did!*Disclaimer, this review is about their Bar only.*We sat out on the patio around 5 pm and ordered drinks. Gin being my drink of choice, I, of course, ordered a Gin and Jous! It was 1) so pretty to look at (the garnishings were gorgeous), 2) not too sweet or sour but a perfect blend of flavors and 3) so refreshing for a 100°+ day. Along with these drinks, we munched on The Modern's Cheese Plate. This bad boy came with an assortment of five different cheese, grapes, bread, a balsamic reduction, and toasted almonds. This is one of those dishes that just makes you feel fabulous while you eat it--it's classy, indulgent, sophisticated, and tasty all at the same time. The atmosphere is phenomenal--it's a dream for those who gravitate towards mid century design. The style here is very simple and clean with charming details (such as a record player in the bathroom). The Modern is a unique spot with a style of its own, and dare I say, an experience you won't find anywhere else in Boise (at least I haven't yet)!"}, {"review_id": "CeQrZcvIWYnxVEB86xAZDw", "user_id": "o6lAC9Nq-ChuNWWN9dRXJw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "No perks for the high price, no free breakfast, no drink coupons for their high priced 1/4 bar.  The rooms were clean and beds comfortable but no desk space or any counter space in the bathroom.  Not sure if I paid extra for it or not but the waterfall shower was a let down.  Hotel did provide a free Uber to airport but this only equates to about 12-15$ in comparison to the money spent to stay there.  Worst of all, do not stay on the first floor and first floor by the cocktail area outside.  We had to turn on the radio or TV very loud to drown out the noise from the patio patrons and the hotel kitchen.  Save your money and not get ripped off by the word \"modern\"."}, {"review_id": "DXhejWf5spgKCDZUOOZc9Q", "user_id": "T50zxsKrVVv73Egk6QDuwA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/5/2017", "text": "Service: great! The servers were helpful in pointing out suggestions on the menu. They seemed very knowledgeable as well.Pork Belly: amazing! Fork tender and the greens were so fresher and paired so well with the pork! Dumpling App: great way to start a meal. Seemed so simple, but cooked so perfectly and melted in your mouth! Apple Bread Pudding: just as amazing as the rest of the food. So simple but done so well!Overall: ambiance was so quaint and unique! The ambiance was so perfect! Who would have thought a simple motel can be converted into one of the best restaurants in the area! HIGHLY RECOMMEND"}, {"review_id": "ifnSFsuIjWZt6TuJLnFPJw", "user_id": "6-b-Tj7javklgmm_RIUr1w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/12/2018", "text": "The staff was professional and friendly. Very impressed with the overall service and will recommend The Modern Hotel and Bar to all my friends and associates when they are in the area on business."}, {"review_id": "IWEVZ8QIEGdLtofO1NmKXQ", "user_id": "ohYnCSs6eTl7O6o3UySpgg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/6/2017", "text": "What a cool little boutique hotel. I think I'm to old to be a hipster and I actually hate that word. But I think that this place could be describe as genuinely hip! I love how they give you a little potato candy bar upon your arrival, (not vegan) so it looks like this one is going home with me! The place is not fancy by any means but it's cool, it's an older hotel dressed up bit to make it feel like a modern take on the 50's or 60's road side fancy hotel! The rooms were not huge but had a nice set up of retro-esque modern furniture, a little wall desk for working, and a nice modern tv. My view (not mountain side) was of a car repair shop, but I loved the area of the hotel! Record stores, book stores, coffee shops, shopping, bars, music venue all within walking distance.I did fall in love with the bar/eatery. The food was great and they served it late. And the bar had great assortment of local craft beer and the bartenders were really fun to watch, do their thing! I also loved that the bathroom's had little portable record players with 45 singles to play while going the bathroom! Fun idea and want to incorporate in my own house if I wasn't such a germaphobe! The staff was super nice and I would stay here again in a heartbeat!"}, {"review_id": "tkbL-ZosJ0yCsA-aUyo4Zw", "user_id": "OU22oTJPadUpkZqpWPLXmA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "7/24/2017", "text": "Ravers, shaman and other seekers of truth have long been familiar with the notion of 'Set & Setting'. The Gents felt this concept acutely on a recent trip to Boise where we dropped into The Modern for dinner. The nondescript patio seating initially set modest expectations, but once we began sampling the food our moods quickly lifted. Starters included smoked trout coupled with compound butter on a piece of square rye, and morels laced with asparagus underneath a fried egg. Our journey continued with mains like brisket with greens and pickled veggies as well as sizable gnocchi dotted with goat cheese. A steady flow of mezcal cocktails rounded out the delicious fare. As the meal came to a close, and with a moment to reflect on our experience as we sipped Fernet, the group came to realize that with food this good the setting was irrelevant. The staff was gracious and courteous throughout, next time we'll book an evening at the hotel for the full experience."}, {"review_id": "zQrDqo12IZnQYqVl-ZknXg", "user_id": "3FZXF5sCLksN983wIty7pQ", "rating": 2.0, "date": "3/14/2018", "text": "This review is for the HOTEL ONLY:This is a cute idea, turning an old motel 6/red roof type motel into a hip boutique hotel. The bar and restaurant area were cute. Our room...pretty underwhelming. 2 double beds, almost no space, just ok furnishings. The bathroom was decent sized, HOWEVER the shower (which I grant was a huge, double head shower, took literally half of it, leaving room for just a small pedestal sink and no place to put anything except for the back of the toilet or a very small set of shelves on the wall. It seems like in their haste to open with as little expense as possible the owners just re-did the bathroom and bought some semi-modern furniture. Parking was also woefully lacking and the clerks at check-in weren't exactly helpful. Overall, have fun at the bar, enjoy the restaurant (which we didn't have a chance to try but the menu looked amazing), stay elsewhere."}, {"review_id": "oqL7pURdO8gzgSdoGfGabw", "user_id": "qNeMBnzJc3Kwk8Z39TDZEg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/13/2017", "text": "I'm so satisfied with my stay here,  and I can't wait to come back to Boise just to stay in this hotel again. The price was amazing for what you've got. Areal Boutique Hotel feel decorated in mid-century modern decor. A really cool restaurant and bar, and free bicycles to use. The staff was amazing, my room was clean, and I felt like I was really part of the up-and-coming Boise scene. They also have a channel dedicated to small Independent films from small filmmakers playing on a loop, that are in the boise film festival.  You can tell they really care about keeping things local and supporting the community."}, {"review_id": "g-topF8yvI4a_Vmx3sLrVQ", "user_id": "ncadaGLGAbbjF0dXORqCrw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "7/9/2017", "text": "My husband and I spent a night here and were pleasantly surprised at every turn.Customer service was genuinely amazing....Early check-in? DONE!Spotless accommodations? DONE!Delicious food and yummy custom cocktails? DONE AND DONE!The bed in the King suite was very comfortable the rooms were decorated in a fun, mid-century style. My only recommendation would be slightly brighter lighting in the bathroom, it's dim if you are trying to get ready. Awesome shower and tub though.Everyone who works at the Modern seems truly invested in providing an exceptional experience for their guests. They couldn't have been nicer or more helpful.LOVE the unexpected details (turntables with a selection of rad 45's in the bar restrooms?!!).Super cool without \"trying too hard\". Awesomeness"}, {"review_id": "TiYTjsyy0bwTaSDHB348vA", "user_id": "RekWQBaWwyVQVBPAjKRdBw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/17/2018", "text": "We came across this place by accident and we're so happy we did! We stayed in one of the suites for a night on our way home to Portland. The service was amazing! Everyone was super friendly, the suite was set up amazingly, food was awesome, coffee was great. We will definitely be back when we come through! Such a gem!"}, {"review_id": "qBoJ3tnxEp6beWGER1KDHw", "user_id": "hn6jjySwOGFFE62O6epmGw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/11/2018", "text": "The Modern Hotel and Bar in Boise was astonishing. One of the most original hotels we've experience. This place is for sure five stars! The front of the hotel is very, modern. It's a very attractive building and has a very classy up-front facade. When checking in, I needed a restroom and found a seven inch record player in the men's room! That's awesome and unique. The rooms were very accommodating. They had a handy lock safe for storage of our valuables. The shower was my absolute favorite part of the stay. It was half glass and half open with a over head shower that got extremely hot if needed. It also had a few small rectangular frosted windows surrounding the bathroom. Which, I thought was very sophisticated. I loved that. The beds might have been memory foam and my back feels rejuvenated after a haul from Oklahoma City through Boise in just three days. I highly recommend The Modern Hotel and Bar in Boise. Also, if you enjoy art as much as we do, the back of the building is a massive modern collage/ mural that was quite captivating. The staff was also very polite. That's always great. We will be pleased to return."}, {"review_id": "2Hm_ZPzlV-3Imz6Tvvticw", "user_id": "TQV7ObtiiXsvxNaWaxXhyg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/8/2017", "text": "Dined at the Modern. On a Saturday night. Thought I it had really great decour & energy. staff is okay. Overall I wasn't super impressed. I had the Halibut which tastes well but the portion was fairly small and it wasn't overly robust or impressive. At least not for $29. Our $60 bottle of wine was amazing. The dessert was okay but all in all I'm kind of disappointed at what I got for $100. I understand it's local and made specifically by a chef, maybe I just didn't order the greatest thing but I don't know that I would want to try this place again based on the cost. Maybe I'll have to come during happy hour or or just stick to an appetizer menu."}, {"review_id": "sOyLdP1zs1xdu5qgYoEi9w", "user_id": "hA6M8ZMimFQMc-y4VepukA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/21/2017", "text": "Okay first off the service is amazing. I walked in and this place has an amazing vibe. Felt like I back home in the Bay. Modern retro, amazing service, food, drinks and people. Now, I have seen some of the reviews and first off this is modern day culinary not some family style big huge portions so pricing is reasonable. I am from the Bay and you will never get any steak under $25 bucks and that's the minimum. I love the diverse age groups. The bartenders and servers are sooooo impressive and I love to see people working and ensuring their value and quality to their customers. I can't wait to try brunch and I love the fact that is farm fresh, real food, perfect portions. Amazing!!!!"}, {"review_id": "xieLI-f77LdG05B8gXNPeg", "user_id": "wVKVTvBzGZSJFQaMOZVaXQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "7/16/2017", "text": "We stayed here while visiting a friend who lives near downtown. The location is great. You can walk to the main shopping/dining area without a problem. Price is reasonable. Our room was clean. The front desk staff was really nice. My only complaint was that the complex is kind of loud. They have a central courtyard where people eat (there is a restaurant on the premises). When we were there, someone was having a party at the restaurant, which was loud. Earplugs helped. Also, be advised that there aren't any \"normal\" hotel amenities (gym, pool, etc). Like I said, though, the price is cheaper than \"normal\" hotels. I'd come back!"}, {"review_id": "40-R9LunPjvW8ZMMkT5Gzw", "user_id": "6H40K6iKmP9LORYXqeO3qA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "8/1/2017", "text": "The Modern is a hip renovation of a Travelodge Motel, and the small area near check-in houses an energetic bar packed with a wide range of people from local to foreign.  Both nights I stayed at the hotel were weeknights, and the bar was already booming early in the evening (I didn't see it later, but I imagine it only gets better).  For dinner I had the gnocchi (uh...when in Idaho....DUH, potatoes!!!) which was a great twist on a dish that somethings sits dully somewhere in the back of my mind with pasta. This one, while it did have some fresh heirloom cherry tomatoes, also had beautiful beet greens, unique cheeses below and atop, and green beans. Really a nice dish.  I followed it with a tiny three-dollar pot de creme, which was just enough to assuage the sweet tooth.  Our service wasn't great, the place was busy, but not THAT busy, and our waitress wasn't present as often as she could have been.  But the food was such an unexpected surprise for a small, boutique-style hotel.  I would definitely stay, and eat, here again."}, {"review_id": "1aia2_y1K5wGEOGT9WFyuA", "user_id": "JfVgVoF48fDBdVLTEVRo7w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "7/23/2017", "text": "I Always stay at the Modern when Im in Boise!Great;FoodCraft Cocktails PatioBedsRoomsVibe"}, {"review_id": "xH3PVpFh1s-WmX6LnPGdVw", "user_id": "4hSS46xd5fBQUbs2am5fUA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/21/2017", "text": "Nicest motel ever. Very thoughtful details (bike rental, curated TV channel, local items in mini-fridge). Friendly staff. Great bar for late night cocktails. The building is a pig, but her lipstick looks great!"}, {"review_id": "pYzGm8R44j4_7AD2tX_pCA", "user_id": "qN6uia-YfbeYUunacuDHYA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/21/2017", "text": "This place is by far the greatest restaurant that my gf and I ate. Friendly staff, great food portion controls not to heavy which I couldn't imagine eating a big dish and then realizing of being in a food coma, not going to happen. Anyway, I had ordered some appetizers like a tomato bisque soup, melon with shallots, watermelons, and can't think of what else was in it. Cheese plater was delicious too as well. Compliments to the chef hands down."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/the-modern-hotel-and-bar-boise?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]