[[{"review_id": "ooSJ-1x6VQwcKqXeQKjydA", "user_id": "RlnqZVl2swWXm9KCQaHHSQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "We went here on a Saturday evening to celebrate my friend's birthday. Line was fairly long; we had to wait for 30 minutes to get a seat. But the wait was worth it.As appetizer, we ordered fried calamari with spicy tomato sauce and roasted jalapeño tartar. I thought it tasted bland. I ordered one of their House favorites, Southern fried chicken breast with creamed corn, bbq beans, spinach mashed potatoes, and bourbon gravy. It was bomb! The boneless chicken was tasty, and I loved the creamed corn in particular. My friend ordered seared ahi steak sandwich with arugula, tomatoes, caramelized onions, peppercorn aïoli, grilled rye, and fries. I took a small slice and I thought it was delectable.And because it was my friend's birthday, we got a free creme brûlée! We also got 2 free cocktails. Servers were attentive. Overall, a great dining experience! Will be back for sure."}, {"review_id": "ZvotxGpqpAQpUsZf3pFy6A", "user_id": "Jk_R6nTgRkLclJS0ikH0KQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/29/2018", "text": "Nice restaurant at The Village in Meridian. We stopped in for a late lunch before attending a matinee at the theater next door. They have a rather extensive menu so sorting through it took some time. The side Caesar salad I ordered was pretty decent and quite large for a side salad. My Creamy Cajun Pasta Jambalaya was really good. The jumbo shrimp were cooked perfectly! Everyone in our party seemed to enjoy their meal and the service was top notch."}, {"review_id": "HC93O-fuUlxtU0QSbbluBQ", "user_id": "3CwMwbY9UgP-qvTDxNs_0g", "rating": 2.0, "date": "3/10/2018", "text": "In 2012 Darden Brands, the food conglomerate that owns Olive Garden and Red Lobster, bought the Yard House brand of restaurants.  This one in Meridian is part of the Yard House chain.  Imagine how poor food might be at rubber-stamp-over-long menu and kitchen with Sysco quality pre-packaged food at one of these type of mass market chain restaurants and you would be right for the food here.  Not to mention the plastic flash-n-dazzle interior with multiple TVs and pack'em-in tables.  It is unfathomable that people would choose to eat here more than once.   Marginal quality and the prices are high to cover all the marketing costs of the restaurant.  Then again, different strokes for different folks.  Maybe way back at the time the Sly song* with that refrain was popular I might have even thought this was a good place. (I did love that song.)  But now I've enjoyed enough good food, which does not mean expensive food, it means good food, and service to know better.  If you're OK with Darden Brands mass market food, this could be the place for you.  We won't return under our own steam.  If someone else suggested meeting there, we'd decline.  *What do you mean you don't know the song?  Put on your dancin' shoes!  youtube.com/watch?v=4DQA…THIS N THAT:1) Location is near the movie theater in The Village at Meridian, which is a sort of \"Bellagio-fountain-wannabe-theme park\" outdoor shopping mall.  Parking is a bear.2) Accessibility is level in the door, all on one level, tables are tight spaced, accessible loo."}, {"review_id": "wcB54evt8cDYD7iRWUk9tA", "user_id": "kfAs5S1XGtZZyO0QCuXD_g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/6/2018", "text": "296th reviewer of Yard House located in the Village, Meridian, Idaho. This is my 376th Yelp review. 296 reviews and it's only been open a few years. Today I was the 30th reviewer of Sizzler, which has been in business at that location for decades-- it really shows you how popular of a place this is. Here I will share with you my experience:Where is the door?!? I had a hard time finding the door, but then I noticed that it was near the movie theatre. I wasn't the only one for myself and a stranger chuckled and agreed that since there was more than one of us with the same issue we weren't dorks at all... were we??? One of my besties met me and she texts me asking where the entrance was-- HAHAHA life is cute! Yard House is located in the Village of Meridian. It's right next to the Village Cinema and around many other eateries. When you walk in there is a small narrow area where you walk to the counter for seating. There wasn't much room here and I needed to get by to get to my dining companion as I was the second out of three to arrive. This didn't make too much sense to me because this is the exit, too. When exiting you have to wait for people that are checking in, which is surrounded by the bar (the bar is basically in the middle of the whole place). I chose to walk out the door leading to the outdoor seating and cut through the small fence they had. I sat right by the kitchen which is an open kitchen viewing concept, which I really like. It's interesting to see how they make your food, how hard they work, and how clean or unclean the area is (this was VERY clean). All of the seating appears to be super close to all others, almost as if you're eating with everyone else-- no privacy, which makes private or inappropriate conversations difficult. The staff was friendly and helpful. We laughed together and I asked her to join us, which she said she would if she could lol. Happy hour! M-F 3pm-6pm and late night 9 pm-close S-ThWe went for happy hour and they have many appetizers that are half off during happy hour. Here are the happy hour choices: Poke Nachos, Ahi Sashimi, Poke Stack, Spinach Cheese Dip, Queso Dip, Chicken Nachos, Chicken Lettuce Wraps, Fried Chicken Tenders, Classic Sliders, Onion Ring Tower, Wisconsin Fried Cheese Curds, Fried Calamari, Moo Shu Egg Rolls, Pork Lumpia, Boneless Buffalo Wings, Boneless Firecracker Wings, Boneless Jerk Wings, Boneless Korean Wings, Garden Wings, Fried Mac + Cheese, Pepperoni & Mushroom Pizza, Four Cheese Pizza, Margherita Pizza, BBQ Chicken Pizza, andThe Carnivore Pizza. WHEW!  That's a lot. I had chicken lettuce wraps which I made with tofu and chicken served with yummy sauces. One dining companion had the sliders which came with fries and the other got the nachos which he was very impressed with. They weren't overkilled on the size either but were still pretty significant. I had bariatric surgery last year and can't eat much. After about four bites I pushed the plate to the other side of the table. The waitress saw this and came and asked me if I wanted to try something different. I explained that everything was fine and she was bent on making me sure that I was satisfied. I was! Please don't take my leftovers, I want to eat them for lunch for the next two days! Drinks have a special, too: $2 OFF ALL BEER, WINE, SPIRITS & COCKTAILS, $3 OFF 9OZ WINE, $4 OFF HALF YARDSThanks for reading my review! SYOY and I hope you have a great day!"}, {"review_id": "1eohNMAKC7c-B9SaawotRA", "user_id": "vBJ6YRLkZKzd1G9WQ56csg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/10/2018", "text": "I'm a BIG fan of the Yard House and while you may think it's because of all the TVs, Happy Hour Special, Queso Dip, all their beer and spirit offerings or the hip cool environment, it's not any of those things. I'm a BIG fan because there's a dedicated menu section for those of us who choose not to eat meat, vegetarians, or no animal by products, vegan. If you are omnivore, Steak lover, or someone who only eats seafood, may not have even noticed that there's a section called \" Gardein \" Gardein products are Vegan meaning that they are made without animal and animal by products.  So, just for a review that means, no pork, chicken, beef, lamb, seafood, plus no by products, which means no eggs, milk, butter, and honey I know I know. What's left???? Actually quite a bit but that's a topic for another time. First let's talk about what is GardeinIt is a meat substitute made from Soy, Wheat, Pea Proteins, Vegetables, and Ancient Grains So let's do a deep dive into the Gardein submenu at The Yard House There's Mac N Cheese. - clearly Vegetarian but not Vegan. Due to the use of Cheddar and Parmesan    - The truffle Oil and Wild Mushrooms makes this a tasty treat and dish Gardein Orange Chicken. - very similar to the Mandarin Gardein Chicken that can be purchased at most retailers like Winco, Meijers, Publix and even Walmart.   Here The Yard House changes the sauce to more of Orange glaze and adds baby corn, bok choy  and jasmine rice.  Definitely Vegetarian and most likely not Vegan due to the Orange glaze but double check with the staff  This is a good meal but I think it needs more veggies and less sauce There's a BBQ Chicken Pizza.  Again it's not real Chicken but the chicken substitute is really good. ( Seriously ). The Mozzarella is the real deal so this is not a vegan dish but vegetarian  The Gardein Buffalo Wings come in three different varieties.  Buffalo, Firecracker, Korean and Jerk.  For a vegetarian, these are freaking amazing. So damn good. If you catch these during dine in happy hour. Order them the buffalo is the best but the Korean is a close second.  Remember if you are vegan check about the sauce and skip all the dipping sauces. The Fried Chicken tenders are the worst item on the sub menu. It's due to the outer crisp that is heavy on the grain. This is the same as the ones you can find in the grocery stores. So skip these ones. The BBQ Chicken salad is similar to the pizza listed above but has a lot of no no's if you are vegan so be careful The Gardein Grilled Chicken Avocado Sandwich is amazing. Definitely a fav. Here's a hack to make it vegan.  Ditch the Swiss and mayo. Make sure the bun is vegan and otherwise if you are vegan DONE.  ( try to sneak in some Hampton Creek Chipotle Mayo - Vegan ) and some Violife cheese like the Hot Pepper ( vegan ) and add that to your sandwich.  Achievement Unlocked The Torta is also Delish for vegetarians but there's a lot to take away to make it vegan like the pepper jack cheddar, crema, and the mayo. The Vegan Burger is phenomenal except for one small detail.  The vegan cheese used is Daiya.   Not a big fan of theirs since they sold out to a pharma company in Japan but worse is that the taste and texture of their vegan cheese is poor.  Ask the staff to make it w/o Diaya and bring your own Vegan cheese There's the Gardein breakdown fromThe Yard House.  Of course the drinks spirits and good times are important and all of that exists at TYH but for me and my friends and family, I'm thankful that there's a little submenu that can easily fit into my needs."}, {"review_id": "boycexZMjONI8vzkS0gZag", "user_id": "E5k-sBIfgacLtVqUwo6FKw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/16/2018", "text": "Happy hour food is pretty good and drink prices are right. Relaxing atmosphere at the village food for a quick bite or a date night with the movie theater next door. Definitely worth checking out"}, {"review_id": "cEr4MTmPNxsXeQ96cS5hBQ", "user_id": "P7Qt34VblZupUifRJ_5hbA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/10/2018", "text": "We love Yard House & visit often. This location has been really good to us for the most part. HUGE beer selection & food menu/can get pricey however they have a fabulous happy hour. Lots of TVs. We enjoy their pizzas but LOVE their Gardine wings & get them almost every time we visit. Their sushi roll is not really a roll but a stack- we have had it many times however the last time we ordered it the fish really lacked freshness; however that won't stop us from going back- probably just won't order it again at this location. Always great service at Yard House!"}, {"review_id": "tG6jBACFuckMPi1J8zaKww", "user_id": "XXM1oQxLAGotGjyvbaaqBQ", "rating": 2.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Service was five stars at this place but my kale caesar salad hardly had kale and was mostly romaine. There was also supposed to be brussel sprout shavings and there were none. The shrimp was cooked perfectly but was overly salty. Not to mention, they brought me the wrong salad to begin with. $16 for a romaine caesar? No thanks, I can get that at Panera! My husband had the Nashville chicken, which he liked. However, it was two pieces of chicken with a few pickles and sweet potato pancakes for $17. Overpriced all together."}, {"review_id": "OI-Q6tM__wSxgOZvRAvG3A", "user_id": "qsF4rL6wEBY7eHg4VD5zcA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/10/2018", "text": "I frequent Yardhouse in Vegas often (where I am from) for many reasons and their happy hour ka definitely one of them. I was visiting town and my friend suggested Yardhouse and I happily agreed. This Yardhouse was located at the Village shopping center and was pretty easy to get parking! Maybe I came on a less busier night? I heard it can get pretty busy sometimes. We were seated immediately and greeted by our server who provided us with the menus and showed us the happy hour options, before we even asked! We decidided on the Poke Nachos, BBQ Chicken Pizza and Chicken Tenders with buffalo sauce on the side. As usual, everything was amazing--especially the Poke Nachos! There was actually a lot of tuna on the plate so I was very pleased with that. Overall, Yardhouse is always a good choice and definitely one of my favorite places to go to for Happy Hour!"}, {"review_id": "iroi1L6_2QaCOhdsd1scPg", "user_id": "p78NySZ_oRl3BXqjGPK9bA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "10/11/2017", "text": "Have been to the Yard house a couple of times and always enjoyed the food and selections of beer.  For lunch today I kept it light with a salad and spicey tuna.  Was very happy with the salad and the spicey tuna was a unique twist on the classic sushi roll,(see pic).  Service has always been friendly and accomodating.  Overall. I really enjoy the Yard House for a quick bite and beer."}, {"review_id": "a3bjsbxn_cocq43cNKlTBA", "user_id": "AQYI5pDn4549ZDY1YHnULw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/7/2018", "text": "This is one of my MIL's favorite restaurants and where she wanted to spend her 80th birthday. We were a party of 6 but were seated promptly and drink orders taken fast by a very nice server. We ordered all over the menu and overall the food was quite good. I had the shrimp and calamari diablo over black pasta. This was very good, the seafood cooked well and not over done or rubbery, the pasta cooked very well and sauced nicely. The only dings with my dish were it must of set out for a bit because it was a little on the cool side and a nice piece of bread would have been a very nice addition. My brother in law ordered the fish and chips, love that we all feel comfortable enough to share because I was able to taste his as well. There were 2 generous sized fish portions, and these looked to be hand dipped. They were well seasoned but cooked just a little to long, still very good but just a touch over done we both agreed. My husband wasn't impressed with his pork sandwich, it fell apart. They very generous and brought my MIL a lovely desert out that we all shared. Beautiful location and I would go again!"}, {"review_id": "qQpY_U4mYFWneNHXF6XfTw", "user_id": "PEdy6awjQF6udyDG40eEWQ", "rating": 1.0, "date": "3/2/2018", "text": "My food never arrived. The delivery service, EAT24,  provided an email confirmation of my order which included an online chat and telephone number to call should I need to contact them. At 90 minutes of waiting, I did try to contact them. However, they did not respond to my chat nor did anyone ever pick up the telephone. After two hours of waiting I called the Yardhouse directly.  In speaking with their manager, who was very professional, he advised that there had not even been a carry out order placed for my food nor had he ever heard of EAT24.  He himself is contacting his marketing department.   Believing EAT24 is a sham,I have since filed a claim with PayPal to refund my money."}, {"review_id": "kEmQGm-rCPJTVY_Jy7q_EQ", "user_id": "m5eynYNRP-jXV3HB-MkmvA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "I love this restaurant especially the pizza and appetizers despite the long wait time. I highly recommend this restaurant for lunch, dinner or happy hours."}, {"review_id": "yD9Fhltqww3ZLrpVV0RukA", "user_id": "FhuvsGQZeUkpBuia5GEqpA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "Second time I've been there and I was just as impressed as the first. The Turkey Burger was just plain fantastic and seasoned so well it was better than most beef burgers I've had. The fries were a little cold but we ordered delivery but they were still devoured even without reheating.The portion size on the side of onion rings was gigantic and turned in to leftovers for many meals to come. The portion size for the fried chicken strip appetizer as well was as much as a meal and even came with fries (maybe that was a mistake?).Amazing place - my favorite restaurant in the Village."}, {"review_id": "0dIHZFml3rR3gKGKsVW5Sg", "user_id": "d9Odxvu5k8K0A3ZfUsMTKA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "This is just another chain resto bar dumbed down to serve the masses. Some of the food was actually fairly good while some was mediocre and delivered tepid.  The service was good overall, but again its a generic chain surrounded by traffic."}, {"review_id": "EXALFzanvMPNsirLHVryNQ", "user_id": "27ocFgaTnAMJwTgcVWkaKA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "6/5/2017", "text": "Love the variety of drink options and their Happy Hour menu is top notch. At my last visit, I ordered a Lost Coast (northwest pale ale) and their Chicken Nachos during Happy Hour and got this enormous platter! Couldn't quite finish the whole thing but left extremely satisfied and with a happy belly. In my experience, this place has been a hit or miss which makes it hard for me to give it an objective overall review. Some of my visits have been amazing: the customer service has been on point, food comes out by the time I'm done laughing at the first joke at the table, and the meal is a solid ten. But then I've also had mediocre service to go along with semi undesirable food. Their dim lighting builds great ambience which is perhaps why this is a popular spot to meet up with friends and family. Meal hours are super busy and a wait can be as long as an hour long. Watch out for the post-movie rush particularly during the premiere of popular movies (Made this mistake once and learned from it). Recommend folks visit during their Happy Hour and enjoy a cold brew."}, {"review_id": "uiUh4igKGXsvkyouORQuNQ", "user_id": "M2NS_aQbMY2apoYjTlOCng", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/11/2017", "text": "The Nashville hot chicken sandwich must have lost some steam coming all the way from Tennessee. I didn't think you could have a negative heat value, but that's about what this sandwich had. I imagine the folks at Prince's in Nashville would just shake their heads. There, your mouth is on fire and you're sweating buckets of water. Yard House doesn't dish up any of that excitement.And for a $13 sandwich, I expected more than just a throwaway bun. Nothing special there. It didn't even have much rise to it. The truffle fries, on the other hand, were pretty good.I felt like the menu offered way too many choices. When it takes you 20 minutes to go through the menu, it's too long. Which typically means a place doesn't excel at much.The lighting reminded me of a 1960s steakhouse. Turn on the lights. Save money somewhere else.I guess most people come here for the beer. For the rest of us, it's kind of so-so."}, {"review_id": "2GtpBvLAtsmNKVSUeyezdQ", "user_id": "1btXpyYOahn30qTYkbV7Ow", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/2/2017", "text": "I'm surprised the reviews aren't better, we really enjoyed this place. Service was good, atmosphere is normal sports bar and food was tasty! I got some special Japanese pork burger with candied bacon that was really good, it came with some pretty basic fries though. My husband got the Nashville hot chicken, that was so delicious! It comes with a hot honey that I wanted to put on everything including my fries, the chicken and the sweet potato pancakes. That whole plate was delicious. My aunt got the enchilada stack and my uncle got the Southern Fried Chicken plate, they both really liked it and it looked good.Overall it was really good, my husband definitely got the best food out of all of us, and I think a huge problem is that their menu is so extensive. Can you really have 100 delicious items on your menu? Probably not. But overall it was good and I would go again"}, {"review_id": "ykhrG0xMUMLmiGuJE94YNA", "user_id": "QQRbp2UbfAIZqIwOgchDDg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/1/2017", "text": "Great place. Went there with my wife and had no idea of what to expect. What we found was a place that has the best service I have experienced in years and a menu with around 150 items. Anytime I see a menu this vast I worry about getting cookie cutter mediocre food but this was not the case. The food was great, the service was great, and I will be back many times in the future!"}, {"review_id": "z9TUDgDQ-7biRqJkqpI0zw", "user_id": "E5Qm5W2BsMFCTirHq4DEIQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/16/2018", "text": "Love this place . Very good food . Very prompt service . Extremely good drinks . Nice vibe , nice staff . Greatest place to get food in the village."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/yard-house-meridian?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]