[[{"review_id": "5_QUAMflZ3K1SbX2DDsYeQ", "user_id": "7r9qw0O2T5XIAp3PioUkxQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "I'm a fella that's big on BBQ, and Smoque does not disappoint. I mean, with this many reviews, I know they don't need mine, but had to drop a quick line because it's so darn good. I try to stop in on the weekdays for lunch, it's not as busy as it is on the weekends, but regardless the line goes quickly.If you like pulled pork, it's a must try. It melts in your mouth tender, and the flavor is amazing. You get a couple different bbq sauces, I enjoy both very much. The Carolina style goes great poured on the pork and I actually like dipping my sandwich and fries in the Memphis (can't get enough bbq) I love the brisket as well, but I prefer the pork. As far as sides, the Mac and cheese and coleslaw are the way to go. Although you can't go wrong with the beans either."}, {"review_id": "8QZZjAngt849O0vlWHUcgg", "user_id": "XGvUNS-wIGsAkCT8YS6yRQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Freakin' Good!!!In search for some good BBQ while visiting Chicago my wife and I decided to head a little north of the city and tried out Smoque. Trust me it was worth the trip! By far one of the best BBQ spots I've been to in a while. I think it's safe to say waaaaay better than Mighty Quinn's (NYC). There was just something about the St. Louis Ribs that made you want another bite while you were chewing on your previous bite. The smokiness, the meat falling free off the bone, pure bliss. For 2 people, my wife and I destroyed a full order of ribs, chopped brisket, beans and Mac n' cheese. I can't rave too much over the brisket, but honestly I never do where ever I go. But those ribs is a must. Another must (if you have room for it) is the delicious pecan bread pudding. You will be missing out on a taste of heaven if you don't try it."}, {"review_id": "FVVqiHyalbCdI7F-cZu8YA", "user_id": "JAVPvSyn8IX0v1JCKeEEXQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "GET THE BRISKET. It was super tender, juicy, and packed with flavor. Bbq sauces were so good. One's thick and sweet: Carolina style. The other one's thin and vinegary: Memphis style. Ordered with a side of Mac & Cheese, Cornbread, and slaw. Cornbread was good, had bits of corn, but I think some jalapeños would amp it upppp. Mac & cheese was so bomb with a toasted breadcrumb top. Slaw was quite vinegary- not like most slaws I've had but refreshing! Asked to switch my mac & cheese for fries and girl calling out orders gave it to me for free. That kind of customer service alone will have me coming back time and time again for sure, and with friends/family. Fries were crispy and fresh. So glad she let me keep the Mac & cheese because it was delicious. So cheesy, and warm, like a hug you'd get from your grandma or big auntie."}, {"review_id": "-rEiUx0-ArikV0wAKzQQeg", "user_id": "M3Gi0sL45XpXmGSQeJWckg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/3/2018", "text": "Brisket was amazing! Nice smoky flavor and well cooked on inside. Im not a fan of coleslaw but I loved this one because it had no mayo Homemade bbq sauce and cornbread that melts in your mouth"}, {"review_id": "y4thuscV314rHOoZpUXEKw", "user_id": "W3pB9iiIEkkCjX18gtYnMw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/9/2018", "text": "Seems like whenever I have visitors from out of town we always end up going to Smoque... and for a good reason!  The food here is awesome!  For a party of 4 we shared a full slab of baby back ribs, half a chicken, pulled pork, cole slaw, fries, beans, and chili.  Nothing else to say than everything was great and highly recommend you come and try everything, can't go wrong with anything on the menu."}, {"review_id": "tllSzhOLT3-Xu3X3TnNtcQ", "user_id": "0CaDbJNVt0_DA0Tj9PpctA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/11/2018", "text": "Nice neighborhood ribs and brisket joint! The combo meal is more the enough with a choice of two sides.  The brisket is nice and moist and tender - very tasty.   You get two sauces with your brisket and both taste yummy. If it gets busy it'll be tough to find a seat but folks don't usually sit for long."}, {"review_id": "xIpDeHnBpDvDMdk4bBx4pA", "user_id": "Zz8T7zXgAT4RsyZLvzQbSQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/29/2018", "text": "I had this place bookmarked for quite some time now and came here yesterday with a family friend who resides in Chicago now. OMG is an understatement on how amazing this bbq is. We decided to go with a full rack of baby back ribs and pulled pork. The ribs were cooked to perfection. Im mad i didn't get a full rack of ribs just for myself it was so-amazing. The pulled pork was also good, but no comparisons to the ribs. A full rack comes with coleslaw and 2 sides. We went with the baked beans with burnt ends, which i had much better, but was still good and a side of fries. This place is legit and and from reading other reviews gets very packed. We decided to come on a Sunday evening with hopes that it a be great day to come with it not being so packed and it was a great decision. We came in and i grabbed a table while my brother from another ordered our food. The staff and cashiers here are great. They have cleaning staff that a take your trays after you eat and throw out your food to expedite table for the next arriving guest, which was awesome. I really enjoyed this place and look forward to ordering the Texas ribs on my return. This place is by far out of this world and the bbq here is very good. If you love bbq and are in the Chicago area i highly recommend this place. You will not be disappointed!! I might have to get some dry ice and take a few slab of ribs back with me to N.Y.  I will definitely be back before departing....."}, {"review_id": "iS4QSmSM0zdlD27SZqmF2Q", "user_id": "5nJ2mE2Qm6IRMgNNEQsDcA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Get the sliced brisket by the pound. It's a ton of meat and the value is great. Came here on a Sunday afternoon at 3:30pm and luckily there was no line. Grabbed some sliced brisket and a few sides. I had everything on their menu and everything is delicious. Make sure to get the peach cobbler!"}, {"review_id": "hvwvtzT7kC3sPssrXC8uBQ", "user_id": "5m1aLirY4KIlU8ZpLqo2QA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "The best dry rub pork ribs in Chicago. I get the St. Louis cut. They are pull part tender with just the right mount of smoke. These ribs are accompanied by two sauces. Memphis (sweet and tangy) Carolina (vinegar base) both good but I prefer the Memphis for these ribs. Carolina goes great with the fries :)The meal comes with a vinegar cole slaw and a choice of two sides. Because I am pro carbs, I opt for the fries and Mac and cheese. Their corn bread is pretty good though so I get a side of that too. Since I do not get the chance to stop here often, I also get the sliced brisket platter to go. Juicy tenders slices of brisket again with the right amount of smoke served with the same combination of sides and sauces. Yeah I got two meals nothing wrong with that right? Muuuhahaha get in my belly!"}, {"review_id": "WXmRBKyBzUnafPjx6A_xBw", "user_id": "Nyk4N9Dod1K6wgjr6rXhFQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/5/2018", "text": "Smoque bbq was highly rated on yelp and a byob so it had to be a win-win.Only half of our party had arrived, so they wouldn't let us order. If we did, they couldn't guarantee seating for our whole party. I understand that there is limited seating and it's a popular place, but this rule was a pain in the butt. When the rest of our party did arrive, we ordered and waited a while to be seated because the rush that walked in earlier was happily eating. Luckily, they didn't prepare our orders until we had a table. Finally we were able to dig in!All of our platters were served with coleslaw and two choices of sides. Between all of us, we had pulled pork, three orders of sliced brisket, and one order of chopped brisket. Each platter was served with memphis and carolina style barbeque sauce. Most of the meat is lean here. The pulled pork was delicious. I really enjoyed the crispy pieces. The chopped and sliced brisket were also very good. Two of our orders of sliced brisket were lean and one wasn't, so the brisket is not totally consistent. In all, the meat was tender and had a nice smoke flavor. The only thing I didn't care for was the Texas sausage. It wasn't memorable; it tasted like a regular sausage.Now, for the special part of the meal: the sides!Sides ranked: 1. Beans 2. Coleslaw 3. Gumbo 4. Chili 5. Mac 6. Fries 7. CornbreadThe beans took the gold. They had an addicting smoke flavor and just enough sweetness to make you want to ditch the spoon and drink it out of the container. (Okay, maybe that's just me). But seriously, Smoque BBQ should can the sauce from the bbq beans. I found it even better than the Memphis style and Carolina style sauces.A very close second was the coleslaw. Thank God they include it on everyone's plate because we all devoured it. Not a single shred was leftover! The coleslaw was crisp, light and refreshing. I love that they didn't weigh it down with a ton of mayo.The gumbo was in third. It may not technically be a side, but it is the same size, so we'll allow it. The spice level was where a gumbo needed to be. I couldn't find anything wrong with it.Chili was next. It was heavy on the chili powder, but I enjoyed the kick. Mac and cheese took fifth place. Smoque keeps their Mac classic: creamy and topped with breadcrumbs. I was thankful for the small portion, so I could enjoy the other sides as well. Second to last, the fries. Just plain ol' fries here folks. Nothing to it.And in last place, cornbread. Sorry cornbread lovers, but I found it as dry as a day old biscuit.Smoque BBQ is a great place for barbeque in Chicago. Heck, I even like it more than some bbq places in Texas. Bring your friends, arrive all together, drink some beers, and get that food in your belly! Don't forget to order the bbq beans. Oh,  and if you have room, the bread pudding is full of cinnamon. It's delicious and I normally hate bread pudding."}, {"review_id": "wT4U6s93yS-9lrfHCKIQaA", "user_id": "hBElMVw_jyGL7p2X0332aQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/2/2018", "text": "Smoque is most definitely worth the trip from Schaumburg to the city. We've been frequenting this amazing BBQ joint since we lived in Albany Park a few years back, but that pulled pork and mac n' cheese brings us back time after time. This is a no-frills place, y'all. Don't get me wrong. You'll get friendly, efficient service, a clean table and amazing food, but you should also expect to order at a counter, eat close to strangers and fill your own drinks. That's okay though because that's how a BBQ place should be, amirite? Parking can be a bit challenging, but you're sure to find something if you circle the block. In short, eat here."}, {"review_id": "TqNGo9ny4WjxuGZ4DVXCeA", "user_id": "s-axaYJPfo4osFYoJmhPBA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/2/2018", "text": "Be ready to wait, but it's worth it. I recommend getting here before noon on the weekends to a sour the lunch rush. Limited seating and the line runs right down the middle of the restaurant. Plates all come with two sides and coleslaw. The coleslaw is a vinegar base and is really tasty. Brisket is my go to with the house bbq. Must try the Mac n Cheese and I'm a big fan of the French Fries. There's a lot of love behind this bbq joint and I would definitely visit again. My family has been here several times when visiting Chicago and they all would agree Smoque gets 5 stars."}, {"review_id": "juxFb5UCp2Dl_xB6ImY4EQ", "user_id": "2otXDEiKDqUbox4BS6uK0g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/14/2017", "text": "We do love good barbecue and have been anxious to check Smoque out since we moved to Chicago. Their ribs and brisket are really delicious, perfectly cooked and deserving of the 4 stars. Have I had better? Yes, but not by a lot. So that's a win. Cute little barbecue shack type look where you order and pick up your food at the counter. It looks like it could get really busy & crowded in there. The Coleslaw was great! Theirs is the vinegary variety and is loaded with flavor. Both the Mac & Cheese and Cornbread which were served in tiny oven tins were dry & just not worthy. I also didn't understand the sauce situation. My ribs came with 1 tiny container, my husband got 2 different ones. The containers were way too small to dip a rib into plus there wasn't enough sauce to even decide if I liked it. Squeeze bottles of sauce in the restaurant would be a much better option. Prices are very fair but I wish they also offered a combo platter with multiple meats so you could get a taste of 2 or 3 items. It's always fun to sample in places like this. We'll absolutely return but next time I'll stick with the meat only options & just order a side of coleslaw."}, {"review_id": "_U5-2xNbsBfedQNhs17Jgg", "user_id": "eA-KLkSEq9RYt9-RfNZXCA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/14/2017", "text": "This place is legit!! The reviews are pretty much right on. It's really good! And having it less than 10 minutes from my house might prove to be dangerous! I had the sliced brisket platter with the brisket chili (which was a little watery to my taste but flavorful nonetheless) and fries (more fries than I needed) as my 2 sides. Comes with slaw which was really very good! The brisket was tender, moist, lean and had a nice hint of smoky flavor. Was it the best brisket I ever had? No but I wasn't expecting it to be. That honor belongs to a friend of mine who does the best I've ever had on his Big Green Egg and smokes it low and slow for 16 hours. Yum. I tasted my wife's baby back ribs which were awesome. Tender, fall off the bone deliciousness. I'd order those next time. They were really terrific. She opted for the corn bread ( a little small) and the mac and cheese. She loved it all. This place is a clear winner. I'll be back!!"}, {"review_id": "-cCUmtN1zN9dTw32xFyGTQ", "user_id": "LuAN2ZhZLOnkd6a6pe4L4Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/27/2017", "text": "I've been to Smoque a couple times and the only bad thing about it is the fact that there is no parking!  The place is always full despite of that fact which is a testament to the great BBQ.I've tried both the Baby Back Ribs and the St Louis Ribs and there is a clear winner--St Loius Ribs!  I've never been to St Louis but Smoque BBQ makes me think that trip might be worth it!  The service is great and the food is even better!  Highly recommend if you're looking for food that will stick to your ribs!As far as ambiance it is definitely a laid back setting which makes sense as who needs cloth napkins while you're stuffing your face with BBQ.  If Carsons was still open Smoque would give them a run for their money."}, {"review_id": "dbio78zMliW9KN9nvtuj6Q", "user_id": "fPH01b8LA4js5q7Ejp-zHw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/18/2018", "text": "I love BBQ.  Smoked meats are hands down one of my most favorite things on earth. So I finally got here, to Smoque. It should have been a lot sooner!  I got in around lunchtime, past peak rush time. I was greeted immediately upon entering. Placed my order and was seated.  The food was ready within a couple of minutes.I ordered brisket, and forgot to specify sliced or chopped.   They have me chopped and it was excellent. I also got pulled pork, Mac and cheese, cornbread and slaw.  Everything was spot on. I am a big fan of a slaw that has a vinegary note to it. Smoque's slaw is just that.   Damn near perfect.  The pork was on point.  Fabulous mac and the cornbread was decent, although a bit dry. Two sauces were given. Memphis and Carolina.  I thought they were both really good. I preferred the Carolina one though.   Make sure you get extra sauce.  Two of them wasn't quite enough for my liking. Friendly people.  Easygoing vibe to the place. Excellent food.  Plus I was actually able to park on the street nearby!   I'll be back."}, {"review_id": "NCbV5QVuSMOXM1sHVkBMbA", "user_id": "08Dhk90xsB7X_0CmMfYMCg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "10/23/2017", "text": "Locations is a bit out of the way, but it's located close to the blue line CTA which made it easy to hop off when we arrived at O'Hare!Our first meal in Chicago, and we were ravenous!MENU: really simple to understand. Pick your type of meal: sandwich, platter (slaw by default and 2 sides), or a smaller plate. PRICING: super reasonable for the quality and quantity! We ordered: 1. Sliced brisket platter with slaw (free), BBQ beans, macaroni & cheese ($14/95) //+1 Love that the brisket had enough meat on it, and not just fatty pieces!+1 slaw was good! It's more liked pickled slaw, instead of the mayo kind. +1 I really like the beans! Love that it's not too sweat, and the pieces of brisket made it super rich (in a good way).+1 mac and cheese could be a bit hotter, but I think the portion size was good!2. 1/2 slab of st. louis ribs with slaw (free), brisket chili, fresh cut fries ($15.95) //+1 Nom! Ribs were great! Had a good amount of meat, and portion size was awesome too.+1 Brisket chili not bad! It looked kind of like the BBQ beans though...+1 YAS. Fries on point! Wish it had some cajun seasoning, but portion is HUGE!Tips/Observations:1. Their dishes are NOT salty at all, which is fantastic for me since I like to add my own sauces instead.2. Really like the sauce combination that they give you with each rib!Overall, probably the most satisfying meal I had in Chicago that did not break the wallet. I believe they have a location within a building somewhere near the finance district..."}, {"review_id": "z_FqFnAtqWHzh0YtSQK3bg", "user_id": "doJhOCx9v7euB0M4PbEWPg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "This place always does a great job when we cater our events with them. The food is always on point"}, {"review_id": "SuM-tmBVmBaofCUv4yNx_g", "user_id": "rmUrk9YnrGzJX5qOdXjTHw", "rating": 2.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "I expected so much more from this place but it was a let down. The bbq and mac n cheese-I thought lacked flavor. Food looked good dont get me wrong but it was definitely missing something."}, {"review_id": "a_4Av_TE5ydzVBjT6qAqzg", "user_id": "Y4yqnxW59PMrkrQ87zTM5Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "This was my first time eating at Smoque and it was a good experience. I got the pulled pork sandwich. The meat was absolutely melt-in-your-mouth tender. Will definitely come back!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/smoque-bbq-chicago?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]