[[{"review_id": "LzF22QspCxahbGOhxC908A", "user_id": "2UvehWv0DR8qbRvo6zqDGw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Your search for the world's best cheeseburger is about to end.This dimly-lit, retro, and packed diner is unlike any I've ever been to. The wait is long, but it's completely worth it. The food is incredible. Two thinly, griddled cheeseburger patties topped with a thick slab of maple syrup-glazed peppered bacon cooked to perfection. The patties' rich, juicy flavor is perfectly complimented by the sweet yet savory chunk of bacon that melts in your mouth. The patty-bacon combo comes covered with onions that are cut perfectly thin, like sheets of paper, adding just the right amount of onion flavor. Everything about this burger is perfect. If you don't agree with me, it's because you don't know what you're talking about. The crispy fries with mornay sauce is also outstanding. The crunchy fries covered in that rich, cheesy bechamel sauce is only made better after being mixed into the yolk of the perfectly fried egg dripping down into your fries after you've cracked it open with your fork.And you have to try their crispy potato hash. Every morning before opening, Au Cheval prepares their hash by cooking it thinly on the stove top to give them a nice crunchy texture. Once ordered, your hash browns are re-fried in a deep frier. The result is a deliciously greasy, crunchy, and rich hash brown unlike any other. Ah Cheval takes diner food and elevates it to a whole other level. You will not forget this experience."}, {"review_id": "Jgqa0mshL5UrBITGXhMFZQ", "user_id": "AAlNklfy7FYnJzxCacg8bg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "A fun atmosphere and mood. The burgers are incredible. Everyone recommends the burger with cheese, bacon, and a fried egg. It was fantastic. But if you are a true burger lover, like me, you should order a regular cheeseburger. That's what I would do next time. That's the best way to judge and eat a burger in my opinion. I'll definitely be back.I went on the late side on a Monday night (I'm talking post-midnight) and didn't have to wait. Just one bar seat left. But I've heard they don't take reservations, and it gets very busy at prime hours."}, {"review_id": "ivkLOAkIhlkY7axgpt-pYA", "user_id": "p7lgR7X9V5Yk-AovG2pndg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "Even though I lived in Chicago for more than two years, this was my first time going to Au Cheval, mostly because of their notorious wait times. But it's rated by some lists as having the best burger in America, so I had to get it checked off my bucket list.Au Cheval does not take reservations ahead of time, nor do they need to, because there is always a line waiting to get seated. I came early, put my name and number down, and was still able to enjoy a full happy hour at a nearby bar before I was called back. They do make use of the Nowait app which made coordinating a lot easier.The restaurant seating is very cozy, there's probably not more than twenty tables inside, and the lighting is limited, where you can't really see your food that well. In terms of their pièce de résistance, the burger was...okay. There wasn't an option to order how the patty should be cooked, so the burgers all came out medium-rare to medium. I thought that the burger overall could have done with less onions, which left it a very strong and salty aftertaste. I couldn't finish my whole burger in the end. I was instead pleasantly surprised by the crispy potato hash, which we ordered on a whim and ended up really enjoying. Never thought I would enjoy duck heart gravy, but the texture was very smooth and not too overwhelming.All in all, I might come back again with friends that have yet to enjoy the experience, but might not order the burger next time."}, {"review_id": "mg7EfP5W3A3mtkwzFBrpNA", "user_id": "Hb3udml881UOAfLUAzoXaw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "HOLY MOTHER OF BURGERS! I wasn't sure what to expect from all this hype - especially with a burger. I mean, what else can you add to a burger that makes it unbelievably bomb? I was such a happy girl! This was the best THICK, sweet, savory, crunchy bacon that I've ever tasted in my entire life on a burger. I never finish a whole burger in one sitting, but I didn't have trouble this time! The seasoning was perfect on the beef patty. The egg was super runny and creamy. The bacon made it 100. This is the real definition of an explosion of flavors in your mouth. SKIP out on the fries. It was too salty. I recommend to arrive exactly at 10am. I got there at 10:15am due to traffic on a Saturday morning and there was still a 40 minute wait. Bloody Mary and mimosas were great too!"}, {"review_id": "fw4HgKPGI97eHnaubd_K-Q", "user_id": "nRqfPSb-WGfkRd-gxp4gwA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "I've eaten here twice and forgot to review. Both visits I had the single burger, which is really a double patty burger. The double burger is really 3 patties. I added bacon to my burger. Au Cheval makes a damn good burger - juicy, meaty, flavorful. The bacon is thick and adds more flavor. The burger includes pickles and their house-made aioli. It's a messy burger, but totally worth it!The wait times can be outrageous - one time I was quoted 3 hours. Another time my friend and I walked right in and got a bar seat immediately."}, {"review_id": "ZDlMPzcoNL1hiGr_qA6ApA", "user_id": "HTWdjjq5jrxCWE9SAv01Mg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "We got there at 10am when they opened.  There was a line and a 45min wait (that turned out to actually be 1+ hour). I don't like mayonnaise. I don't like most mustards. I don't like pickles on my burgers.  And I don't like red onion on my burgers. But for the sake of authenticity I told them to keep everything the way it is meant to be made.  And still the best burger I've ever had. I was a little disappointed that they didn't offer multiple types of burgers.  The bacon was out of this world.   The duck heart hash was incredible.The entire dining experience was angelic.  I will never go back to Chicago and not go here.Don't over order.  The food is so rich that i could barely handle 1 burger and half a duck heart hash split with my girlfriend.  It was all so inexplicably good."}, {"review_id": "Z9HVvsH7ajHaguqZvsbNJw", "user_id": "5qhlMMo7S3q3sBqXYCO2LA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "The best burger I have ever eaten. The burg is delicious and very juicy BUT the bun magically holds everything together without falling apart OR being too much bread. Skip the egg and bacon, eat the burg the way God intended. Also be prepared to wait. Worth it."}, {"review_id": "KFcMotWHms81YWDJWtNMNw", "user_id": "frIiDayrnrLs0kZb3_kTAw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "I've tried coming here a couple times but could never bare the wait time. Finally, my fiance and I came on a Wednesday night and the wait was expected to be an hour and a half. We went to the bar across the street, but to our surprise, we were texted that our table was ready within 30min!We ordered the bone marrow, burger with the fried egg and bacon, and a side of fries. The bone marrow was really good and jam was very flavorful. The burger definitely lived up to the hype - so simple, but so flavorful! The fries were a disappointment in my opinion. I love fries but these just did not live up to the hype and were not worth the price if you ask me.Note: The \"single burger\" comes with two patties!"}, {"review_id": "HSOO2Lg9I-0sooV1WsGnwQ", "user_id": "_XwyBtwwTDesSAUchHEjZQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "Normally I try to avoid swearing, but this is one case where I believe only a properly placed F-bomb can truly articulate how I feel: the burger at Au Cheval is fucking good.In fact, it's the best burger I've ever eaten in my life.  The beef patties are bursting with rich umami flavor (FYI - a \"single\" cheeseburger comes with 2 patties and a \"double\" comes with 3).  The cheese is perfectly melted into every crack and crevice of the meat (no plasticky kraft singles crap that you can peel off the patty).  The aioli is a beautiful mixture of sweet and savory that complements everything perfectly.  The buns are buttery and hold up well to all the ingredients, and the bacon is more akin to candied pork belly.  Add in an egg with a perfectly runny yolk and yeah... this is absolute heaven for anyone who loves burgers.Aside from their legendary burger, the food here is also incredible.  Their fries are ultra crispy and perfectly salted.  The hash with duck heart gravy is simply incredible, and an excellent entrée if you're not feeling a burger.  But man... if you come to Au Cheval and don't get their burger, you're doing yourself a disservice.The wait times here are horrendous.  As far as I'm aware, they don't accept reservations, so you basically have to show up and hope you get lucky.  I tried dinner twice (around 5 PM) and was told there was a 2 hour wait both times.  No thanks.  Finally I lucked out by coming for lunch at noon and only had to wait 10 minutes before being seated.  It was a giant hassle to get in, but the experience (and that burger!) were definitely worth it.OVERALL: 5/5.  This is the best burger I've ever eaten in my life.  It's absolutely perfect.  I'm sure my #BurgerQuest will never truly come to an end, but it will be pretty damn hard to top the cheeseburger at Au Cheval.  Definitely a \"must-try\" culinary experience if you're visiting Chicago."}, {"review_id": "1vkX7GcxV8aYF5itrnA_cA", "user_id": "Jn3HmDBdXd87WrcHQtD7yQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Came here due to all the hype of the best burger, while I tried to keep my expectations low as every area say they have great burger I was still left unimpressed. While it seems many others enjoy it by the huge wait each night (ours was 1-2hours) the burger was just a burger that tasted really salty and buttery. While I would have liked to try some of their other items I would not wait that long again for it."}, {"review_id": "7137sgapQsc-AiGcJFwawA", "user_id": "7F4zhMLJgYb3UFRMl5lK1w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "Tasty Burger. Single comes with two patties! Bacon is extra thick and the egg was runny. Excellent! Fries came with egg. Limited 3pm - 5pm menu and the wait was two hours. They don't take reservations, but with all that in mind I highly recommend. Also, the music was hipHop and loud. Unique."}, {"review_id": "LCOhVivJjki09YvgDgTJQg", "user_id": "V2LzSKgfyzY07U1DRGzfmw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/1/2018", "text": "I'd give Au Cheval 4 Stars if it wasn't known for hours long wait. I've never waited more than 15 min at Small Cheval in Wicker which also has a nice patio. Our wait was only 30 minutes for 3 on an early evening on Monday, but I wouldn't wait longer than that. The burger was good, my salad cost as much as the burger and was nothing but a pile of lettuce. I'm unlikely to go back."}, {"review_id": "LaajJI2OyDYTiqtINJDOmg", "user_id": "vcs38G41GooTSeBgAen0Ng", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/5/2018", "text": "Did it live up to the hype? I would say YES! I went here during lunch (right at noon on a weekday) and was seated right away! I ordered the single cheeseburger with egg and bacon. The single cheeseburger is a double patty and the double cheeseburger is a triple. The egg was cooked to perfection (runny but not too runny) and the bacon was mixed with sweet and savory. Yum! Everything blended so well together. I also ordered the chopped chicken liver and that was amazing too. The toast that it was served with was huge and the salted butter melted instantly on the toast. I think my mouth is watering just from writing this review! You all should at least go once. You won't be disappointed."}, {"review_id": "kAGNhf9WS475POMzy4KO-g", "user_id": "XMmAJfiKPkXTZGs5QIwycA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/26/2018", "text": "When my husband and I walked in Au Cheval, we were seated right away. The space was a bit small and very cramped. My chair was being bumped every single time the wait staff turned the corner. I wasn't turned on by the low lighting as well. I already had in mind that I was getting going to yelp this place a 2.... until I got my burger that is...When I got my burger I thought it was the most beautiful burger I've ever seen. I ordered the double cheese burger with an egg, however my double cheeseburger came with 3 patties. I had to take a patty off because 3 patties was too much for my arteries. My burger was juicy and flavorful! When the fries came with the Truffle aioli, I was so excited to try it! I grabbed a fry, dipped it into the aioli and took a bite! OMG!! Did someone dump a whole container of salt? Super salty!! The wait staff was nice, a little annoying because for some reason we had two servers? I'm not sure if they knew because we were interrupted every 3 minutes. I told the female waitress that a male was already serving us. She looked confused, but continued.The male waiter was a bit annoyed that I had to ask him to put my meal on a separate tab. I had to tell him that I was in Chicago for business and I had to expensify my meal for my job and they weren't going to pay for my husband's meal. Not sure what the big deal is? If the burger wasn't to die for, this place would have received a 1 or 2 stars."}, {"review_id": "iYbTcx9qlGUoHANKtx1fig", "user_id": "_zCnhcsna-lR7a7_Lu7m9g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "My friends and I came on a Saturday night at 6PM and we were told it was about a 5 hour wait. We decided to come the next day when they opened at 9AM and there was no line at all! It was a little weird ordering a burger for breakfast but it was totally worth it. We all got the single cheeseburger and added bacon on it. The burgers are so decadent and delicious! The bacon is a MUST to add on your burger. It's thick, sweet, and amazing! One of the best meals I had when visiting Chicago!"}, {"review_id": "n75bjtII2kuGCcwTxIPhqg", "user_id": "5F1WeolU1M85RSu7l4jYng", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/20/2018", "text": "Without much left to be added to the 4000+ positive reviews, I'd like to just confirm that the hype is well deserved and Au Cheval's burgers deliver! It's far from the best ever, but it is delicious and a solid choice. As there are no reservations, be prepared to wait. For a while. We waited 2 hours for lunch for a table of 4 on a Sunday and that was supposedly fast. Sadly, being from the SF Bay Area, I didn't mind much but I can see how many others may be turned off. Don't be and stick it out!Keep in mind that they don't serve their full menu at lunch until I believe 5PM. The burger is on it though so don't worry!I got the single (it's actually 2 patties) cheeseburger with bacon and egg. The patties were juicy with perfectly broiled texture. The cheese was melted at just the right temperature where it still maintained some structural integrity for it not to just slide away. It was more on the medium than the medium rare side but the flavor was still there. The bacon was thick and crispy with just the right amount of fat. The egg was slightly runny as it should have been. We got fries on the side too and they were good. The garlic aioli made them even better.We had a few other dishes and they were just OK honestly. They wouldn't make me come back like the burger would.The service could also use some improvement as it was subpar. Overall, all those can be mostly overlooked as quite frankly, you are here for the burger and everybody knows that."}, {"review_id": "ccfKFtOnKSCxWYswQi-j0g", "user_id": "bCdRhE1PCnbVfEMsZE5ncQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "I expected this place to be overhyped and overrated. I mean, cmon... how good can a burger place really be?Answer: reaaaaaally freakin' good.I'd go so far as to say that Au Cheval was a religious experience. We walked in, saw the bacon, and we didn't even hesitate (it looks like pork belly mmmm!!!!) We got the fries with mornay sauce, garlic aioli, and the fried egg.LPT: order the burger (without bacon), an entire side of bacon, and fries. Stick the bacon in the burger and dip the burger in the aioli. ~ droooooool ~I will forever be dreaming of the day I can go back to Au Cheval...."}, {"review_id": "6f_fcOTpKSHpVxPPGiggAA", "user_id": "u3o_Jaxgj2-mZa7iqKdnFg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/1/2018", "text": "When searching up places to eat in Chicago, Au Cheval came up as one of the top rated on Yelp. I came with a friend, and as this was our first time in Chicago, we wanted to optimize our eating for the best of the city. A friend said that Au Cheval arguably had the best burger in Chicago, and so with that shining recommendation, we had to go. She warned us that there could be as long as a 3-4 hour wait on a Saturday night (yikes!), and so we headed there right after our flight landed, arriving just before 11am on a Thursday. Thankfully, there was still half the restaurant to be filled, and we were seated right away. - French fries: this was a generous portion, fit to share between 2-3 and a good accompaniment to the burger. Burgers and fries just seem to go hand in hand haha. It came with garlic aioli dipping, which was a bit more unique than your typical ketchup or chipotle aioli for sweet potato fries. - Single burger: 2 thin patties on the single (there are 3 on the double). Wow! The title of best burger is well-deserved. It was certainly a life changing burger - I haven't had a better burger in my life, and I think this has ruined all other burgers for me (similarly to how Kane's Donuts in Boston has ruined all other Boston cream donuts lol). Gooey melty cheese, a toasted bun, the sourness from the onion spread, the thin patties perfectly cooked medium... what's not to love. And the bacon! Thick cut, with a hint of sweetness, it added even more substance to the already satisfying burger. This was a huge portion, and I had trouble eating it haha. It's no wonder they give a huge knife (my friend opted for the classy, non-messy way to eat it, while I went caveman style and ate it whole with my hands). I think a good technique to eat it is either fork/knife, or cut the burger in half and then eat it with your hands (looked like a good strategy from the table beside!).There were a couple bites that were slightly too salty for my liking, but otherwise such a perfect burger. For our first meal in Chicago, it was a great way to start off the day!"}, {"review_id": "IgdSAhkB6-jw4SeT6uaxkw", "user_id": "pDfL8xt8F8ls0-kQIG_ADg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/10/2018", "text": "Wow. Yes, it's legit. It was busy but I was able to snag a seat at the bar without a wait on a Friday @1pm.Soon as I bit into my double cheeseburger ($16 - 5/5) it was an explosion of flavors and textures; the lightly toasted fresh bun, the perfectly griddled and juicy beef patties, the thinly shaved pickles, and the fine dice of red onions all pulled together by their house dijonnaise. It was just a well balanced, simple, delicious burger. Au Cheval is basically a spruced up diner with an awesome playlist that ranges from De La Soul to Cass McCombs, and a full bar with a huge craft beer offering. These guys are doing it right."}, {"review_id": "0A0V2O9kfmvX7jXvy8LTFg", "user_id": "2QloYxlC6ppRLTfDM4aMYg", "rating": 2.0, "date": "3/12/2018", "text": "Don't believe the hype. It's a decent burger but far from being the best burger in the country and definitely not worth the wait. Thousands of yelpers have described the burger already and for me there is nothing standing out to highlight in my review. While my burger was ok my wife's was strangely salty in few places. Fries were also just average and nothing to rave about. This is your typical make people feel they are part of an exclusive group that had to wait hours to get a burger so it must be really good. I'd rather go to a hole in the wall or epic burger and get a solid burger than come here. Sorry Au Cheval but we can't be friends."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/au-cheval-chicago?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]