[[{"review_id": "C_DiKOJgs2rZcLVRo5MtQw", "user_id": "3CWGvOs7h3H7VHTmI7YkMA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "Seriously delicious!  I was here for Chicago Restaurant Week and was able to sample many of their small plates for a good cost.  The plates are tapas style, so sharing is what it's all about - even though you won't want to...  My party had a super late reservation, but the hostess was able to get us in about an hour early (we waited at the bar for a spot to open up).  For food, we ordered the bacon wrapped dates, goat cheese in tomato sauce, deviled eggs, rioja braised short rib, seafood paella, natilla flan, and maroona almond-caramel bar.  Everything was AMAZING!  The short rib was the best thing I ate - perfectly cooked and the meat was so tender - you MUST try this!  The paella is also a wonderful dish, a hearty serving and all should try this dish too.  I thought the bacon wrapped dates were good, but not the best thing on the menu.  Make your reservations way in advance as this is understandably a pretty busy place because of its very good food!"}, {"review_id": "OUDqlBswML8cJI-LZMyVEg", "user_id": "y_ltHb1MbiF1_JZyN_df_A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "**Vegetarian Friendly**Looking for a place to be on a Tuesday night? This is it! So many great tapas style dishes to share, and so many vegetarian ones too!! I particularly enjoyed the Goat Cheese Baked in Tomato Sauce...because who doesn't love goat cheese? This was also the first place I've seen offer a vegetarian paella! They even have tapas sized desserts, which is the perfect to round out your meal since most people just need a few bites, and not an entire dish. I especially enjoyed the Marcona Almond-Carmel Bar. Big shout-out to our wonderful waitress, Maggie, for being the MVP of our outing. We ordered the paella, and it was bland for us. We asked her to bring some red chili flakes, but she came back with chili oil, and it brought the entire dish together!! Maggie was super friendly, very attentive, and was great at making recommendations based on our dietary needs. Definitely make a reservation prior to going. You can reserve a table for up to 4 people through OpenTable, but any more you'll need to call the restaurant. PS: For each person that checks in on Yelp, you get a free dessert!!"}, {"review_id": "MEqxPyWIsFqMtzWNOCVl9g", "user_id": "BM9UmufSVizIg8I2Oo0vRg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "So I came here for the first time this past weekend. I had called and made a reservation about two weeks in advance for a party of six and when we arrived, I was pleasantly surprised to see that the place looked so cozy. The ambient lighting really added to the atmosphere. My boyfriend and I came with his two brothers and their wife and fiance​. We had a nice triple date night. The food that we ordered was delicious, and we were also surprised by the bill​ since other places we have gone to have resulted in quite a larger bill- and this one was quite reasonable.We ordered two sangria pitchers, but only three of us were drinking. I had always been iffy about sangria just because I was not able to find one that I really enjoyed, but I think I found a favorite here. I know that my boyfriend and myself will be back for sure for date night."}, {"review_id": "a-5wDSzSkClQ24NeZ78E1g", "user_id": "QPiZdQYphbBPQff1Ysq6YA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/23/2018", "text": "~ Vegetarian friendly ~This restaurant has been on my list for SO LONG and I can say that I was not disappointed at all.Pros:- Take reservations- Great service! We were slow to get a server when we were seated but as soon as they realized we hadn't been helped, we were promptly helped. Our server was very attentive and we appreciate her service. Unfortunately, I do not remember her name.- Awesome ambiance- Delicious food Cons:- Dessert portions are small for priceAs you can see, we really had no complaints!What we ordered:- Classic red sangria - Patatas bravas - Baked goat cheese- Vegetable paella - Dessert (free with every Yelp check-in!! 4 check ins = 4 desserts!!)Apple EmpanadasCarmel Almond BarChocolate CakeCaramelized bananas The baked goat cheese was by far my favorite dish! Definitely planning on visiting again!"}, {"review_id": "6u_X2JSXseH58cfBoZO9zQ", "user_id": "Yt0drhSbt8zhlt8lm7xkFQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "I work around the corner from Cafe Ba-Ba-Reeba and it's one of my go-to options in the neighborhood for a nice dinner after work. The restaurant is massive and still books up every weekend, so make a reservation! I always start with a glass of sangria. And by glass, I mean pitcher, but the pitcher is glass, so I'll just say glass. They have so many different flavors and varieties, it's awesome. The blackberry has been a particular standout. I've never had the paella here but I bet it's great. What I come for is the tapas. I love all the sharing. It's so much fun! Do you ever go to a restaurant, order appetizers and then those apps are better than your meal? Well, tapas are ALL appetizers, so everything is great.There are so many good ones, but one kind of secret one I like to get is the ham and chicken croquettes. They're crisp and cheesy gooey and come with TWO sauces. CBBR also has some classics. The patatas bravas are great, the tortilla espanola is an eggy delight, and you have to get some bacon-wrapped dates. They also have these chorizo-wrapped dates that are stuffed with I think manchego, and you can order them by the piece. See, they know what they're doing."}, {"review_id": "Jv7lXZJ4ZFJNOSSnGIQnQA", "user_id": "i7tIYXl7UZLkTPIOyB_LXg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/16/2018", "text": "Cafe Ba-Ba-Reeba, you tapas place you! The deviled eggs were awesome! Probably my favorite brunch pintxos, and probably my favorite deviled eggs I've tasted in any restaurant I've been in. Estupenda (wait, that is correct Spanish, right?).Moving on, I ordered the Spanish Shrimp & Grits. Oh man, that chorizo polenta...how can I put this: SENSATIONAL! The shrimp, the polenta grit, the flavor bombarding your taste buds. Just heaven.We also got the mac n cheese and the iberico ham hash, the dishes was good in flavor...but nothing out of the ordinary like the shrimp and grits. By that though, they were still good, but not as mind blowing.The Spanish cubano is as amazing. That pork should was jam-packed with flavor. I could eat that all day.At this point, we should have probably stopped eating, but we don't have self discipline when it comes to food, so we ate on with the paella. It could probably feed an army. They don't joke around with their paella. It is a must cause at this point I was having trouble breathing from all the food consumption that was done previously to this dish. But, for me to still think this plate is delicious must say something good about it cause when you're about to vomit no food taste good...except this paella. That sausage was so amazing and the beef was so tender. Legit!The only down thing was the french toast, we did not enjoy it as much because it was a bit too toasted, like burnt almost. French toast should not be that toasty. But, overall, I still love this place.Oh and do get their sangria. It is phenomenal."}, {"review_id": "pmQ52xPMB83B-FpHfhYjgA", "user_id": "AOPQv0_VeRgxli1FJSdJlw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/3/2018", "text": "Okay, Cafe Ba-Ba-Reeba is probably one of my favorite Chicago dining experiences since moving here. We snagged a reservation for 4 on a Saturday night, and even though the place was packed, our server was really attentive and helpful. It was SO hard to choose what to order. Those of you who are indecisive about food can empathize. My husband and I ended up splitting the fried green peppers, the beef empanada, the citrus-cured salmon, the garlic shrimp, and the fried calamari. We also checked in on Yelp and scored free desserts, the chocolate truffle cake and the butterscotch custard. Everything was delicious; I think our top favorites were the fried green peppers, the salmon, and the calamari. I'm dying to go back just because their menu is so huge and I'm a sucker for tapas. Their drinks also looked spectacular. Hopefully those green peppers and I will be reunited soon."}, {"review_id": "bLZHpyxzWq_WU0mw2D9cWw", "user_id": "XwlERZFTPUB_FnqAuVINuw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/2/2018", "text": "Dined in a few times and have really enjoyed my experience. The servers are very accommodating and friendly. Drinks, especially the sangria are really good. And the food has always been great quality. My favorites include the spicy potatoes, iberico pork and bacon wrapped dates. Overall, this is and excellent place to share tapas."}, {"review_id": "dq4Nm6lOPIV-D55TWm8AXw", "user_id": "eFDjBULmcp7JixZJLVV9Cg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/22/2017", "text": "I've been here for dinner several times over the past year and a couple times for brunch.  Food is always fantastic!This last time I went for dinner, service was above and beyond. Thank you so much Hector for being so knowledgeable about gluten free diets.  I recently started a gluten free diet and am still figuring out what I can and cannot eat/drink.  He checked with the bar that the drink I ordered didn't have gluten since he was concerned that the vodka might contain gluten but it turned out that the drink was gluten free.  He brought out gluten free bread for me as well as a gluten free menu.  It seemed a little slower than usual that night so he told me that if there weren't any options on the gluten free menu that I liked, he could talk to the chef about making some of the other dishes for me gluten free (SO SWEET!).  I had no problems finding tasty dishes on the gluten free menu though.  As dishes were brought out, Hector would come to let us know which ones were safe for me to eat and which weren't gluten free.  Partway through the meal he brought freshly toasted gluten free bread for me since he explained, \"this gluten free bread doesn't taste so good once it's cold.\"We ordered the pork paella as well and asked to add chicken too.  When our order came out, there was no chicken in it but we weren't going to say anything about the chicken not being in the entree. The paella is amazing though. It's the only thing I have to eat every time.  At the end of our meal, Hector comes back with a trio of desserts and tells us, \"I realized I forgot to put chicken in your paella so I know this isn't the same but please have these desserts on us.\"  He had a gluten free chocolate cake, mango (or was it peach?) sorbet and a fruit empanada.  Cafe Ba-Ba-Reeba, if you read this, please make sure Hector gets a bonus or some recognition that he's doing the most amazing job."}, {"review_id": "S4F0-XYGvpJFAHUpBKMp4Q", "user_id": "jloKYuTz74rPXzkw2z161A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "T H E    S T O R YI have dined here a few times, but most recently I came here on a Friday night with friends. Three of us shared a pitcher of Sangria and 6 small plates and a Paella.T H E    G O O D- Sangria- so many options, I prefer the red. - Burrata- I love all Burrata, but this one was especially good. - Seafood Paella- Paella was very flavorful. We ordered the smallest one and it was more than enough for two people. - Potatoes- Crispy and comes with a tasty sauce. T H E    B A D- Brussel Sprout salad- Pass on this. Its not great, not a lot of flavor.T H E    S T A R S- I gave this place 4 stars because most of the food is great. I would definitely dine here again, but there a few things on the menu that disappointed us."}, {"review_id": "9Jpc5p7l3rv3bBrwFGTCJg", "user_id": "IH9sldY_wnbSRYhix4WBIg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/16/2018", "text": "Tapas and brunch- two of my favorites things. And a build your own Bloody Mary bar. Excellent set up all around.We tried the eggs Benedict, shrimp and grits, potatoes and onion pancake, one of the waffles and Spanish rice. All of it was good- nonetheless thing mind blowing though. I like the idea of getting to try a lot of different things but some times it's a little weird. For example, sharing an eggs Benedict 4 ways is not easy.I'd go back but it's really not what I typically want/crave when I'm going out for brunch."}, {"review_id": "N2LSn5H6oWgXdk0bmCKQhw", "user_id": "7fDaMcKI9Lfo7CbTRUP_vg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/18/2018", "text": "Def my favorite tapas place in Chicago and one of my fav Lettuce Entertain You Restuants and yes, it does live up to its hype. Food: Loved their sangria, white peach is my fav, well I love anything peachy. it's kinda sweet tho, so might not for people who don't like sweet drinks. We ordered Brussel sprouts (its kinda hard to make such a generic dish extraordinary, but I liked the manchego cheese in it); Spicy potatoes is great, mild spicy and very flavorful big chuck of potato cubes. Beef tenderloin is great too, and loved the blue cheese init and the chips. We also ordered two servings of seafood Paella. it's tasty but nothing fancy or impressive, its kinda on the salty side, and I couldn't really taste the saffron in it tho. Still on a mission of hunting for the best paella in Chicago. Service is good and attentive. Dining environment is great with lots of cute indoor deco and cool paintings hanging on the wall, def enjoyed watching them. Will come back to try other dishes, I feel you can't go wrong with any of them."}, {"review_id": "lnn4QzMwn87440covpKlxw", "user_id": "r690ZUYOXBwsTmY_nzMMaA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/6/2018", "text": "Seriously one of my very favorite fun dinner/happy hour/brunch/any meal spots in the city.  I was first introduced to Cafe Babs by a friend about 4 years ago and have been back many many times.  It's a great place for groups, out of town guests, special occasions, or just a fun meal.Ba-Ba-Reeba is a spanish tapas and paella restaurant and seriously, everything is so delicious.  They have great pitchers of Sangria with rotating special flavors that are so fun and STRONG.For food, you really can't go wrong on their extensive menu of tapas. I always opt for the bacon wrapped dates which are crispy, sweet, chewy and so yummy.  The Burratta is phenomenal, as is the goat cheese in tomato sauce.  The shrimp with lemon and red pepper is another favorite, as is the brussels sprouts salad which has manchego cheese and a yummy citrus dressing.The star of the show though (if you plan your meal properly and save enough room), is the paella.  My mom was in town last weekend and begged me to take her back to \"that amazing paella place.\"  It takes a while to cook, and they make you order at least two servings, but the servings are huge and I've found that two servings is perfect for four people after having a few small tapas to start with.  I've had the seafood and the chicken paellas and both are phenomenal, just depends on what you're in the mood for!I also love their little tapas desserts, which are just big enough for a bite or two, which is all I ever have room for anyways.  The butterscotch pudding and the chocolate truffle cake are outstanding.Brunch here is so fun and amazing too - they have lots of the delicious brunch items that you crave, but they're small and tapas style so you can order/try a lot! They also have a massive bloody mary bar which is a ton of fun.Make sure you're part of the Lettuce Entertain You rewards program because their points add up quickly to rewards dollars and I often am getting $10 rewards to spend here!"}, {"review_id": "tjsq9KFgbL2qRd0i1lv7aA", "user_id": "WtJOK95o-hWktIeAEvT41w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "Great gluten free options! I love everything I've ever tried here. They even make GF bread!!! Also has a cool atmosphere!"}, {"review_id": "Z4d-UbNQiBW2F0IGTmPZ3w", "user_id": "wQvaw6pKVkeaT4hhAoc7cg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/11/2018", "text": "Came here for brunch and it had a pretty extensive menu, you could order from both the brunch and regular menu. The sangria is pretty flavorful, I got the white. Food wise, I had to get the Patata Bravas (my favorite Spanish dish) and this was ok, not horrible but not amazing. Also tried their calamari which was crunchy and flavorful. Their omelettes are fluffy and tasty. Overall fun place for tapas!"}, {"review_id": "DRocBRaZnmuz-mK9kgmvZA", "user_id": "DCsCel6cLcwv6z8y-zS1AQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/23/2017", "text": "We went here for a birthday dinner during the week and I was at first skeptical about trying a tapas restaurant. I'm not one for sharing entrees at restaurants but figured I'd give it a try. I'm sure glad I tried this place out. The food was absolutely delicious and the service was unmatched We ordered the bacon wrapped dates, beef tenderloin with blue cheese, brussel sprout salad and seared sea scallops. The bacon wrapped dates tasted like they had a maple glaze on them and were absolutely delicious. The tenderloin and blue cheese melted in your mouth and was really rich and flavorful. The brussel sprout salad was alright, nothing very exciting. I wouldn't reccomend that if you are considering it. The seared scallops were very good and sat on a bed of acorn squash puree.We went during the week and they had half price drinks. I had a margarita and an old fashioned. The old fashioned had the perfect portion of alcohol but the margarita was way too sweet. The interior of the restaurant has a cute enclosed patio type area making you feel as if you are outdoors. You should totally come try out Cafe Ba-Ba-Reeba if you are considering it. You won't be disappointed."}, {"review_id": "lpvlWihHYfr5ziSqDVwsQg", "user_id": "JuAT_XOppsfVIsnhFWjX8A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/28/2018", "text": "Going to cafe ba ba Reeba is more of an experience rather than just going out to eat. Tapas are pretty unique to begin with, but you can't go wrong with ordering here! I would definitely recommend the sangria, blue cheese steaks & goat cheese - all my favorites! It's best to order a little at a time to gage how much youll be able to eat instead of ordering all at once - you will fill up pretty fast depending on what you order! Depending on the night I would recommend making a reservation. I came on a Saturday with the wait time of 3 hours and no reservation, and have made a reservation for a different Saturday and was able to walk right in."}, {"review_id": "Qr4cFqMLFQDxikBjGq4YzQ", "user_id": "Mm3dizKXCm3pow3wRmMbtw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/29/2018", "text": "Really great tapas! Everything I tried was really good, and they are great at pacing everything out.For four people, we ordered 8 tapas and 2 servings of paella. It was the perfect amount of food, and we all left stuffed (after making our way through two baskets of bread as well...). The highlight of the meal was the spicy potatoes, burrata, hanger steak, and the paella. WOW those were all phenomenal. The empanadas were really good as well."}, {"review_id": "PwaZ-Q3Ro0L29F6wy9P7bw", "user_id": "BsVTdmI-WWppqkUkRC1GxQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "This is my favorite Tapas restaurant. The food is always delicious, the atmosphere splendid, the service is prompt and servers are always polite and attentive, and their house red is my favorite sangria. What's not to like?"}, {"review_id": "3TrJ1ir9yWjLGqp2YBFSDw", "user_id": "EA_EKwkcmDpBBmZUwPFf0Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "I was a little skeptical about this place with their small plate serving that are shared family style. Once we did order our first round it was well worth it. We ordered a mix of things but the octopus dish stood out. It was not chewy at all but soft and tasty. It w not really well with the scallops also. I didn't get a chance to taste the white sangria as everyone at the table drank that first so I only was able to drink the red one. Red was good as a had more then half to my self."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/cafe-ba-ba-reeba-chicago-3?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]