[[{"review_id": "PI6tw04WsXPFt5UVTcfzJA", "user_id": "EU0aVoqDUGG8U_clE2pltw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "Lou's is pretty tasty and I've already left reviews at two other locations in Chicago so let me just focus on this store in particular:We came on a Sunday for lunch and to our surprise we were seated right away. Since this location is nestled at the edge of River North, the Gold Coast and South Loop locations tend to be much more crowded. Not having to wait for our seat meant that we can order our food right away. Mind you, the pizza still takes 35-40 min to cook because that's just the way deep dish is - you have to go in with the expectation to wait. Our server was friendly but not pushy, checked in around 3-4 times throughout our 1 hour-ish meal. The Lou's salad is delicious as usual, and the pizza came right at 40 min after we ordered it so no complaints there. The restaurant is a lot bigger than it looks on the outside - I believe there are multiple floors and it stretches pretty far back so plenty of seating. There's also plenty of sunlight from the large windows which I appreciate because I prefer to be able to see what I'm eating. Restaurant is clean and the tables aren't packed tightly together. This will be our go-to Lou's in Chicago moving forward!"}, {"review_id": "5pgbKcbU3jDfKMwFQubvGw", "user_id": "lrYW4wfmBomGhcT-i_8r3Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "We were told to come here for the quintessential Chicago Deep Dish Pizza experience. And as guy who's pretty picky about pizza, I can tell you they delivered beyond my expectations.Let's begin with the wait staff. Our waitress was friendly and professional. She was on our drinks with  gusto. Her recommendations were spot on. Definitely an exceptional experience.We ordered both the mozzarella cheese sticks and a bowl of the minestrone soup. The sticks were pretty standard. Nothing to complain about. But the minestrone soup was out of this world. Easily the best I've ever had by miles. It says on the menu it takes two days to prepare. I can see why. Order this. You won't regret it.Onward to the main course: the deep dish pizza. We ordered the Malnati Chicago Classic with their trademark Butter Crust. It comes with sausage and extra cheese by default. We added mushrooms and pepperoni.First thing you need to know: the wait is a little long. Thirty to forty five minutes is standard. This is because they're making your pizza fresh, and that takes time. The wait staff is up front about this. It's no surprise. But if you're in a hurry, it's something you need to know.That said, it's worth the wait. The pizza is dense with its ingredients. Everything is fresh and delicious. The sauce is savory with a hint of sweetness. The butter crust maintains its flavor and crunch. It's everything you'll ever want in a deep dish pizza.They also make solid Bloody Marys. A little spicy by default, which I like. It's light on the garnishes, but classic Bloody Mary's usually are.Lastly, price. It's pretty fair. With two Bloody Mary's, the soup, the cheese sticks, and the pizza, the price came to $40.00 before tip.If you haven't been here, do yourself a favor and go. If you have, I shouldn't have to tell you to go back. I'm sure you already have."}, {"review_id": "-MBzEkpgNmnw7_EjZ0PqBA", "user_id": "MG_tqiWM_0ydcnUkj7G7fQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "Maybe it's the New Yorker in me .. but I just don't get the deep dish pizza. Pizza is something you can dine on-the-go and a very hands-on experience. Deep dish requires too much preparation .. Anyhow, seeing that this establishment was so highly reviewed, I was excited to come here but, man, the service here is SLOW to borderline despicable. We came in on a Sunday afternoon and was seated without reservation in maybe 10 minute. They encourage you to order the pizza before you get seated because the pie takes about 30 mins to make. So we went to the 2nd floor dining area, and it took the waitress at least 15 minutes before she introduced herself and another 5-10 minutes before we got our water. For a chain restaurant (they have multiple locations; reminds me of a localized Olive Garden), that's unacceptable. I overheard nearby patrons complaining about the same thing - \"The waitress looked swamped\" or \"She's never around\" .. but it seemed like she was manning 6 tables/parties max. I don't know if they're understaffed or just poorly trained. I know, as a waitress in NYC, the service we received would never fly. Anyhow, we ordered a calamari and two personal pies - the original and the meat. The calamari was standard; nothing terribly interesting beyond that they served it with a shrimp cocktail sauce which was strange and took some adjustment due to the unexpected tartness. I really enjoyed the meat but it reminded me of a casserole; the meat provided an unexpected umami flavor that was lacking in the original, which was composed of tomatoes, spinach, etc. Surprisingly, the crust was crispy but also borderline hard .. a great contrast to the moist meat/vegetables which were meh at best. Warning: portion sizes are huge; two personal pies were sufficient between two people. My partner wasn't impressed by the pies - he mentioned he has had better in Chicago. Nevertheless, what I truly dislike about my experience here was that we got the first beer way BEFORE the pizza arrived and we got our second beer way AFTER finishing the pizza. Essentially we consumed the pizza with water, which is whatever. Meanwhile, waitress kept checking in with other patrons and coming by our table saying \"Oh we will get the beer soon!\"So, do I recommend? Maybe if you're very very VERY interested in deep dish pizza but I probably wouldn't want this to be my first deep dish experience as it wasn't too convincing. Would I return? Unlikely. Food was mediocre despite some interesting notes, but service was notoriously abhorrent and unorganized. I am sure there are better deep dish pizza out there."}, {"review_id": "c0n8bbuC5UMW_l26OWH54Q", "user_id": "iR54aSd1mCRvdnr84t_VRA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "Two words: HUGE Portions!I am not a huge fan of deep dish pizza but I can't leave Chicago without eating it either. Here is what we order and shared between three people.  The Malanti Chicago Classic (medium) $21.05The Lou (small) $17.95House Salad (family size) $12.95Calamari Fritti $9.95I definitely enjoyed the Lou more than the classic because the classic had too much meat. I know what you are thinking, is she serious? I am. This pie is already heavy so the meat makes its 5X more fulfilling IMO. The salad was huge, like it totally can feed 6-7 people. The calamari was ok, it was a little cold and soggy when it got to us.I've only had deep dish in Chicago twice and both times was at Lou's, even though it has been good I think I'll try a different place next time."}, {"review_id": "EzHLpWxsOiQSpMsYcUiq4A", "user_id": "Vxvz1EXuOyDQ30S-nv2npA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/23/2018", "text": "This is my first chicago deep dish so really have nothing to compare it to. Ordered pick up. There was about a one hour time difference between when I ordered and the soonest I could pick it up. When I showed up it was pretty seamless. Told them I was there to pick up and they had my pizza within 5 minutes. They first just gave me the pizza in a box, but when I asked for a paper plate they gave me Parmesan cheese and crushed red pepper, which if you want to put on your pizza definitely ask for (I put it on and it was great).As a New Yorker getting a deep dish pizza I would first like to say that I have no ill will towards deep dish. Any combination of tomatoes, dough, and cheese is ok by me. This was pretty tasty. The dough was a little under cooked in certain parts and the sausage could have been better, but overall pretty solid. Had it with some Italian wine I bought from a store near by and it was great (artisan cellar). I got the \"small\" and it was more than enough for me (ate 3/4 and was very full, and I am on the small side)."}, {"review_id": "3oVh91FhXqJ6NTWPDM8GLg", "user_id": "_XwyBtwwTDesSAUchHEjZQ", "rating": 1.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "This place gave me food poisoning.Coming to Chicago for the first time ever, I was excited to try some authentic deep dish pizza.  Showed up at Lou Malnati's around 6 PM for dinner.  I was told that because they make all of their pizza from scratch, it would take 45 minutes after ordering to serve.  Not a problem, but just an FYI for anyone coming here... probably better to place your order in advance by phone.When my pizza did arrive, I thought it was alright, but nothing particularly exceptional.  I guess I'm more of a NY style pizza person.  Anyways, if my night had ended just like that, I'd probably be leaving a 3 star review instead.However, later I had some awful food poisoning that nearly caused me to miss my flight home the next morning because I felt so bad.  Won't go into details to keep this review PG, but yeah... I will never be back here again.OVERALL: 1/5.  Blech."}, {"review_id": "C54uqXx1dzSzNFv9MUHvdg", "user_id": "04z9-h0s1EewybGNxULh3w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "The best Chicago deep dish pizza. Yes it takes a while to get the food since it is deep dish. We decided to order the bruschetta while we waited. OMG best bruschetta I have ever had it was yummy. The beer was really good too a change from what I'm used to but so good. Wish they had that in cali. Which they had this pizza and bruschetta in Cali. Everything was amazing. The service was great. They even brought be desert since it was my birthday. Can't wait to go back this place is beautiful on the inside really has an older restaurant vibe."}, {"review_id": "gQ7J661oBIpbTqEPdgtSxQ", "user_id": "mfUqexGCiamAxeEzzxmijw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "I live in Atlanta, but had been craving deep dish pizza for months. When my husband and I visited Chicago last weekend, that was my chance. I was given 3 choices by Chicago natives and decided on Lou's. It was raining and way too cold for our tastes so we decided to get delivery. I was a bit concerned about how the delivery trip would impact the pie. It arrived at our room PERFECT! We were advised to order a small for 2 adults and it was the perfect amount. We had the pepperoni and lean sausage pie and it was beyond good. I almost never eat pizza and at alllllllllll of my share.  This is a solid pick. I'll definitely be back!"}, {"review_id": "Av7M72BI0ySpqtfB_tBFCw", "user_id": "yUf8AhZvdPjE1s33lbgcEA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/18/2018", "text": "So this place was literally a cluster f^*k on st. Paddy's day evening!! Im from DC, and I cant even remember the last time Ive seen an establishment soo packed.So the question is \"why 5 stars?!\"The staff (takeout and hostess) were phenomenal!! These young ladies kept their composure the entire time I was there waiting for our order. They were polite and tried their best to keep things moving. We were finally able to get our online order after an hour of waiting inside, and I still had to compliment the young lady who finally handed us our pies. Great job!! You cant get customer service like from just anywhere..I mean that place was soo congested.Our food was fantastic and actually worth the wait!! Oh...thats pains me to write that..but I truly understand the stampede at this place. We had the Malnati chicago classic (deep dish butter-crust pizza with with sausage and extra cheese), and a thin crust pepperoni pizza-both we delicious. Thank goodness I dont live out there, cause my waist line wouldn't stand a chance against those pies. BTW, this was my first chicago style pizza...and now I may have to give back my east coast NY pizza loyalty card...but we'll leave that discussion for another review.Overall..highly recommend!! Its truly worth the hype. Pro tip: (this for my tourist folks)..place your order way ahead of time..and be patient during the dinner rush. Its worth it!"}, {"review_id": "a6WIWm4WgHle-fQBZu_nuQ", "user_id": "xwbSZ7yF3jcwvwNCWZMZEg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/7/2018", "text": "What we expected. Super crowded! Luckily, we got there at 5pm and we were able to snag 2 seats at the bar. Peroni anyone? They said the pizza takes about 30-40 min and that was spot on. We ordered 2 personal pizzas (Lou & classic) for two ppl but the genius bartender advised us to get a small, half and half. So dope. Didn't know you could do that! The Lou is better than the classic. Garlic galore, in a good way. Lots-o-cheese on both! Plus the crust was crispy and not soggy, even on the bottom. Eat quickly because the cheese gets tough after sitting too long."}, {"review_id": "EmYnN3xlTaDftAA8JEIvBg", "user_id": "xSlBsTTPtPvwlclBIvAjYw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/22/2018", "text": "Lou's has multiple locations; we ate at the Wells street location.We started with the house salad which was amazing, delicious and well done.  We ordered a small sausage deep dish.  The pizza was awesome, the crust was tasty; you can tell the ingredients were fresh. This is an excellent pizza.The service was implacable.  We enjoyed our visit!"}, {"review_id": "niJ3eIthY-iDA9--sVP5HQ", "user_id": "U5H8JFLvMVLGb4VJDwmNTg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/6/2018", "text": "As far as Chicago Style Pizza goes you are going to be hard pressed to beat Lou's.  It is a hard thin crust pie that is thick with cheese, sauce, and toppings.  The sauce is a tomato based homemade sauce,  with a part skim mozzarella used.  The pepperoni was very thinly sliced but abundant.  The black olives were excellent and not lacking in favor.  The Malnati's salad comes with a mix of blue cheese and a sweetened vinaigrette.  I suspect they use canola oil for the dressing and a sweetened white wine vinegar.  It also includes extra crispy bacon crumbles.  Service was friendly and attentive though it was very busy.  Get your table online if possible.  If not, preorder your pizza while waiting for your table."}, {"review_id": "gLzO8S2ISvLxaNresAc6lA", "user_id": "fJTuckzbFBvjg-52Fc-oIg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/20/2018", "text": "There's a reason why Lou Malnati is one of the highest rated pizza restaurant in Chicago. Their pizza sure tastes very good! Please note that it takes about 40-45 minutes for your pizza to cook and be served. If you don't have time to wait that long, I'd recommend you to call in ahead of time and place your order over the phone. Or plan to order an appetizer, which comes out in about 15min from the time you order. I got their calamari as an appetizer and I loved it. It's very tender, juicy and great flavor! It tends to get very busy during dinner time. I'd recommend to come around 5:30pm to beat the rush. 30min makes a huge difference in your wait time. The restaurant has second floor dining hall too, so don't get scared thinking it's just first floor. I got the Lou pizza, which is a great vegetarian option (it has spinach, tomatoes and mushrooms). I wanted some extra protein added, so I added sausage to my Lou pizza, and it was . I've had frozen Lou's pizza togo-ed and baked it at home, and I honestly liked it better because I managed to get the crust to be little more crunchier. I'm not sure if you can ask them to make the crust extra crispy when you order, but if they're able to, I'd give it a chance."}, {"review_id": "6E-vQz6u7R5fXW_-2Ff5Xw", "user_id": "mXbzBpS53Og2VE9CsCgO6Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "This was my first time to Chicago. I loved it and I want to go back!. We got to this place around 6:30 - just in time before it got crowded. The waitress busted her but to make our dining experience prefect. I got the Chicago Classic. My co-workers got the sausage crust pizza, which they loved. The wait for the pizza takes a bit, but worth it. The wine was good, just understand that you are paying city prices. Work was paying so I wasn't sweating it : ) - this place rocks!"}, {"review_id": "wAU_Sj9J9Wjjkd_5DV26eg", "user_id": "aJZh8fErEpE3VLBeCUWWcw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/21/2018", "text": "The first pizza place we tried when we arrive in Chicago was Lou Malnati's. The wait was about 40 minutes and they told us we can preorder our pizza and by the time a table is ready for us, so is the pizza. When we got seated, we did not get the pizza yet and we still had to order with the server.I am not sure if the pizza was the best. I had to try another brand to determine that. I thought it was a simple pizza, not too flavorful but the pizza got cold fast and the cheese hardens, so eat it fast!"}, {"review_id": "oRHjbpnoHXH9Lrc9eZECeg", "user_id": "bz3DrjftZeTCQXlkWR90Bw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "Came here for lunch after my red eye from PDX.  Sat at the bar and ordered a beer and personal pizza.  The guy communicated well and let me know it'd take about 30 mins which was fine with me. The pizza came and I scarfed it down like I hadn't eaten in days (more like 14 hours).  After I was done a shift change had happened and a different server brought out a cookie dessert and wished me a happy birthday. What a sweet surprise!  When the first guy took my beer order, he carded me and noted it had been my bday the day before.  I'm sorry I didn't get to thank him.  What a great way to start my visit to Chicago!"}, {"review_id": "JsSpuObhD3Xp_y09AmaK8A", "user_id": "xj4kmVaAsLVr5o_6WYj5LA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/26/2018", "text": "There is no way I can be at Chicago without trying deep dish pizza, and as a fellow Yelp Elite, how can I miss the opportunity to visit one of the most famous restaurants in Chicago?! *Quick note, if you do plan on ordering their deep dish pizza, expect about a 45 minute wait for your pizza to arrive!Wait/Reservation: They don't take reservations, first come first served. My group and I came here around 5pm on a Saturday evening; we were seated within 20 minutes. I recommend arriving around that time because there's a huge dinner rush by 7pm and the wait could be over an hour!Menu: They offer a good variety of salads, appetizers, and sandwiches, but the star of the show is their deep dish pizza! My roommate and I ordered a personal size \"Malnati Chicago Classic\" which comes with sausage, vine-ripened tomato sauce, and loaded with cheese. I definitely fell in love with this pizza from my first bite. There was a nice cheese pull to it, but I feel it could be stringier if the pizza was a little warmer because I felt that our pizza was left out a little long. Nonetheless, the sausage and tomato sauce goes well with each other. The sauce isn't heavy or overwhelming and I'm honestly very impressed that by how delicious deep dish pizza truly is.I personally feel that the personal is honestly enough to feed one very hungry person. However, I shared it with my roommate because we weren't too hungry. The small is also huge and was enough to feed 3 of my guy friends with one slice remaining. I also got to try their buffalo wings, which were actually very delicious. Their buffalo sauce is very buttery and not too salty or overwhelming. I would recommend this appetizer to anyone!Overall experience here was great, but the customer service was disappointing. Our server was completely overwhelmed and took it out on our table. He would cut us off when we'd try to order more items. And when it was time to pay for the bill, he gave my friend an attitude stating he has a lot of tables to serve and he can't help her. I was appalled by his attitude, I wish he could have said it more nicely, but he did not. We weren't there to make his job harder on him, but his attitude did. Nonetheless, the pizza and wings were amazing and I would definitely come back to try their other ones."}, {"review_id": "V6-Ws-OdZA1lBcCAdB8ZWg", "user_id": "5ksR40LmIBTXXeZKUCbMSg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "I would give this place 3.5 stars if I could but it's not worth 4 stars. I've heard a lot of people mention that Chicago is the place for deep dish pizza. Unfortunately, I was disappointed. Maybe we ordered the wrong pizza.We got the 9\" The Malnati Classic. Definitely is enough for two people unless your man has a big appetite. The flavor was decent but I expected more. The crust wasn't anything special. We also got the Trio dip. It's good but super oily. We waited about and hour to be seated on a Saturday night. Service was good."}, {"review_id": "KO3Yxm7LcK2_4wmQNgH2fg", "user_id": "R4NvLFN0AAr-zv94K4B0tQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "This is the first time I've been in Chicago and had real deep dish. I've had Zachary's in Berkeley, but nothing from Chicago (Zachary's actually is very authentic now that I've had the real stuff). I've been here twice so far, both times during the week. Both times there was a 30-40 minute wait so be prepared. Don't leave because of the wait though because they allow you to order your deep dish when you check in. It takes 45-60 minutes to cook, so the wait is almost irrelevant. Would you rather sit down and wait an hour for your pizza or walk around outside and get called in and have a pizza served almost immediately?Both times we got the Malnati pizza. The first time we got a large, with only 3 people. That was a mistake. It was 8 pieces and we could only do 2 pieces each because of how dense and heavy one piece is. It's like eating a stuffed cheesy pie with sausage goodness. The crust isn't thick at all, it's the perfect thickness with the perfect amount of buttery crispness. I still prefer thin crust, but I know when something is good and I'll give credit when credit is due. If you have 3 people, a medium will be 2 slices each. Go for that. The buffalo wings are also really good. Surprisingly they're some of the better wings I've had in a while. The actual wings are good quality and well cooked. They're not spicy as normal, but very good if you need a warm up to the pizza."}, {"review_id": "GwpRrRdy-DPS2ohlJVGasg", "user_id": "uYrpDon0rDG_ZKUuX5FppQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "I've visited Chicago a few times in the last couple of years and this is a go-to spot. I am a true NY lover of pizza but its ok to like something else from time to time. The thick buttery crust is like the guilty pleasure that you crave. This is not the type of pizza that you have 1000 toppings on. Keep it simple with one meat and cheese. The best part of this spot - I got to take some frozen ones back home. Once I cooked them back home - it tasted exactly the same. So, don't be afraid to purchase the frozen ones."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/lou-malnatis-pizzeria-chicago?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]