[[{"review_id": "AFOYVa8bFlxE1CNMMe-y3w", "user_id": "XKLUpW_dOvUVtnPdyDf38Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "I am a huge fan of Little Goat and came here a ton when it first opened as Stephanie Izard is one of my favorite Chicago chefs, never realized I never wrote a review -- but I've tried plenty of the items such as the brendade and pork belly, bull's eye french toast, crab dip, chili, sloppy goat and many others (that may have since rotated off the menu?). I love the atmosphere of this place, a very friendly diner, very approachable and casual. Sometimes there's a wait, but usually it's bearable as they have a lot of seating. Their foods often have an Asian twist which I like, and I like how they have a lot of sweet and savory dishes, my personal favorite of the bunch is bull's eye french toast, it's perfectly soft and has strawberries on it. The crab dip is a great comfort food as well, it's not too salty and gets really addicting at first bite. Little Goat's chili is very good as well and its found in various dishes, I'm not a huge fan of chili but it's strong tasting and delicious. I haven't been here for a while, but definitely want to come back to try some of the new dishes on the menu!"}, {"review_id": "EjvJ10MWzwD4fM1VFhdGZA", "user_id": "oMvmLG2oJirpHekc4DnwQQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "This is a good spot for breaky, lunch or din. The menu seems weird because it has a lot of different items - but it is ALL delicious. They also offer vegan, dairy-free and gluten-free menus, if you're into any of that.Came in today for a late lunch and we sat outside. They have a lovely sidewalk patio with some trees so you can be shaded and comfy while stuffing face. Haven't been to the rooftop but they do have one! With string lights!!Today we got the crispy chicken sandy, whitefish tostadas and hash browns. Everything is crazy good (I didn't even have to ask for condiments with the sandy) but the HASHBROWNS are the best hashbrowns ever made, mayb. They are v stringy and cooked with some kind of mystery goat cheese that cooks down to make them both crispy and gooey, but you can't see it! Which is why I call it mystery cheese. Just try them they're great. And the butterscotch root beer float, obv."}, {"review_id": "orb0diN6_kbxFPaD3Haucw", "user_id": "NM9yvraJH9No88UUnwrWsA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "We brunched here over the weekend,  I had \"This little piggy went to China\" and my boyfriend ordered the Schnitzel Sandwich.  We ordered an additional hash brown and yogurt parfait.  The Schnitzel Sandwich was pretty tasty.  However, the little piggy who went to china likely came home with a tummy-ache.  There were so many overwhelming flavors in this dish! I don't know if it was my delicate palate, but I was left confused between the sesame cheddar biscuit, the egg yolk, the chili garlic sauce on the plate, the mustard aioli on the biscuit and the pork sausage. Sooo many flavors and none of them played nicely together on my tongue.  I took two bites, but couldn't bring myself to finish the monstrosity.  I ate the side of hash browns, which needed salt and left behind a bitter after-taste (perhaps it was the oil?).  I truly enjoyed the Yogurt parfait, it was simple and positively delicious (served with home made granola and fresh berry jam). I also had a latte from the cafe next door and it was simply divine.... so where does this leave us?  I think I would've enjoyed the food had I ordered a simple sandwich or sweet treat like pancakes.  Everything looked positively delicious, so I'm not sure where things went wrong.The wait staff was very friendly and accommodating.  I really appreciated all that they did to make the meal enjoyable.  It was just a fail for me."}, {"review_id": "esuceJfp_oC859QhR1YDuA", "user_id": "g2Cxp4IkFjST9LS8EFTMZQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "Little Goat is a neat and trendy restaurant in Chicago. My friends and I found ourselves checking it out after seeing the amazing reviews on Yelp, and doing some quick googling to see what the hype was all about. After all of this, we had really built the place up and had pretty high expectations. When we arrived at the restaurant, it was close to peak brunch time, and we suffered the consequences! The place was packed and even the foyer was chock full of eager patrons. We were given an approximate wait time of 1 hour. After putting ourselves on the waitlist, we headed to Bombobar across the street and a nearby coffee shop to occupy ourselves in the meantime. (I will say that the automated waiting system that notifies you when your table is ready is fantastic.)We actually ended up getting spots in the restaurant about 25 minutes early, which was appreciated. There's a lot of cool stuff on the menu, interesting combinations and some rather intricate items, so step outside your comfort zone and try something new!Now for the not so great... Because it's so packed, Little Goat Diner has a large section of communal seating, and it's very tempting to take these seats as it decreases your wait time. However, we found that the general atmosphere of the restaurant is super loud, and the mechanics of sitting at a large communal table make it rather difficult to have a coherent conversation with the people in your party sitting across from you. Additionally, we found that though the food was interesting, and cool, the taste really wasn't that great. 4.5/5 for the hype and vibe, 3.5/5 for the food quality. Overall, Little Goat Diner is certainly a cool place to eat, but in a big city like Chicago, I think it's worth it to look for other options."}, {"review_id": "sUSSGvACJNwhfhbxneRxCg", "user_id": "WoEfl5cpreTvMC5d_0UOMQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/1/2018", "text": "This place is delicious! Stopped by for lunch, and I was delighted! Big portions that we definitely could not finish at reasonable prices. I had the chickpea salad with fried chicken I added. Fried chicken was delicious but not necessary. The salad has chickpeas as well as a softer falafel like ball as well. Delicious dressing and sauce  on the side if not enough. I added a biscuit($3) which looked big enough for two. Also had the sparkling rose($12) so good! Additional recommendations:Pancakes Cake is the day Only hiccup was that I booked through yelp. When I arrived they had no record of me booking on file. If you book through yelp you may want to call and confirm. Also love that it's female led!"}, {"review_id": "xLIToSC7c1oRtZF-ti2ODg", "user_id": "Fr_rLfBcfvVVXkLTanrkvA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "During a week visiting the Midwest, Little Goat provided me with my favorite meal.  Indeed, This Little Piggie Went to China may be the best thing I've eaten all year.  Little Goat gives you a low-key, informal, modern diner experience that's perfect whether you're dining as a couple or a large group of friends/family.  While some of the dishes step outside of the box, there are lots of classic, All-American dishes than even picky diners (or kids) will enjoy.THIS LITTLE PIGGIE WENT TO CHINAI adore southern food and Chinese food.  This Little Piggie is the perfect marriage of both cuisines.  While it's listed as a breakfast food this is a dish that can (and should) be enjoyed at any meal.  Heat, salt, and acid are all here.  There sauce is tangy and the gooseberries are sweet.  The eggs and biscuit add a rich, unctuousness.  This is a dish that you don't want to miss.  Words really can't describe the perfect combination of flavors that you get here. GRILLED CHEESEThis isn't the traditional Cheddar or American grilled cheese your mom made you or that you can get at Denny's.  This is a full meal in a rich, delectable sandwich.  The bread is a hearty bacon gouda and the filling has a mix of goat cheese, cheddar, and guanciale (cured pork jowl) and jam.  It's a great mix of savory, salty, and sweet.DRINKSWhile the beer, wine, and cocktail lists aren't huge, Little Goat does offer a little of everything.  You can find a few local-ish beers (Goose Island, Bells), as well as some craft beer stalwarts (Allagash, Ballast Point) and even the Champagne of Beers (Miller High Life)."}, {"review_id": "K1y1VLl1WDCScROu38hUyg", "user_id": "uvyI3A89Lt3LjCkFEc-LCA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "We made a reservation ahead and it was super convenient because when we arrived at the place was packed and they sat us right away. We order the soup of the day, which was a Red Pepper and it was more like a cream than a soup but it was unbelievably tasty! My fav dish of the day by far along with the Cesar Salad. My hubby had the Banh Mi Style burger and he wouldn't stop saying how delicious it was.However, I ordered the fish tostadas and they were meh! And I believe it was because I imagine something else. For me it was a plain flavored dish, so I'll have something different next time. I'm giving them 4 stars since service was super slow and our waiter even though was very nice, was a bit off, he kept forgetting things that we asked or ordered and had to asked him over again."}, {"review_id": "ryNZV5W00jp2PziauZgykw", "user_id": "iXDNrZNhPuiO0CWXX6x8ZQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "Fantastic food and experience.  I was here for a private group dinner upstairs, so full disclosure my experience was likely different than the diner below.The upstairs space is gorgeous, with big open windows and an outside patio that can be used for casual receptions (unfortunately we went on a chilly, rainy day, so we didn't get to use it).  The best part though was the open kitchen at the far end of the room, anyone could get up at any point and watch them making our food (sadly, Stephanie Izard wasn't there. :) )Looking at the menu ahead of time, I'll admit I was a bit apprehensive at some of the flavor combinations.  But, everything came together quite well!  I enjoyed pretty much every dish (the kale and chickpea salad wasn't quite my thing), and they were all served beautifully.  My favorite though, was the chocolate pavlova dessert-I'm not a huge chocolate fan, but it was the right balance of chocolate and other flavors.I'm not sure if the food we were served upstairs is the same as the diner, but what we got to try was all wonderful, and it was a great experience.  I'd definitely go back, and will have to make a renewed effort to try Girl and the Goat someday too!"}, {"review_id": "mpMboF89UIYzhtWI-jd3AQ", "user_id": "MZmPw7cAzo0mkPGWpDHlSQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "We stumbled upon this fantastic diner while wandering through Chicago looking for a place to get a cup of coffee on a Saturday morning.   They were open so we went inside to grab a bite to eat. The menu consists of an eclectic array of dishes, ranging from simply sweet (Fat Elvis Waffles) to exotically savory (Curry Cauliflower & Eggs).   They have a GF menu as well.   Every dish was fantastic.  I had the daily special -a weird breakfast sandwich with turkey, red pepper, fried egg, and blueberries.   It was absolutely delicious.   I also recommend the hash browns, they are spun off the potato and look almost like angel-hair pasta.  The service was excellent, and an extra-spicy Bloody Maria finished off the breakfast perfectly."}, {"review_id": "DD-dFb4hrBvwX75-FKJCGg", "user_id": "AOPQv0_VeRgxli1FJSdJlw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/27/2018", "text": "I met a friend at Little Goat on a weekday morning and we had a great time. Considering the wait is typically a few hours, it was lovely to walk in and have the place mostly empty. I ordered the Bull's Eye French Toast and it was the perfect combination of sweet and savory. I've really had never anything like it, and their menu was full of unique dishes that I'd love to come back for. If you're in the West Loop neighborhood and can avoid the wait, I'd highly recommend Little Goat for a fun brunch experience."}, {"review_id": "uic5bOSi6GfeGUzVHHFf9g", "user_id": "C8iQH-v_E44UMSAiuqPGaw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "I came to this spot after having tried Girl and the Goat the night before. They are owned by the same chef and are across the street from each other. The menu offers dishes for the adventurous palate (but also has \"safer\" options as well). They offer classic dishes with their own twist, such as chicken and french toast instead of waffles, or the sloppy goat and goat chili. It's also more affordable than Girl and the Goat and portions seem more generous. I personally ordered the okonomiyaki, a Japanese savory pancake with pork belly, topped with an egg and drizzled with sauces similar to what you'd find on takoyaki. Pancake itself was so soft and burst with flavors. I also tried my mom's dish, This Little Piggy Went to China. It reminded me of an Asian inspired eggs benedict. It's a bit on the salty side, but I love salty so fine by me. Great customer service from our waitress, who had such an upbeat energy and answered all our questions. Would definitely recommend this spot to anyone."}, {"review_id": "wEUzlJ0z_pBZWGawElhPdA", "user_id": "fmPEcauGkFOzBcRo3qUwvg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Really like the service, ambience and the food! My friend and I shared a bull's eye French toast and a side of hash brown. The bull's eye French toast is a combination of sweet and savory ingredients: maple syrup, fresh strawberries, sunny side up egg within the French toast and fried chicken. Everything went so well with each other (except the strawberries were a little sour since they are not in season)."}, {"review_id": "eL_qr5JrbhfXlYAfiYem1g", "user_id": "sS7UeAjv2E1pb5Z9ty0XEg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/9/2018", "text": "Perks of eating alone = no wait! For the most part anyway. Decided to stop by here on a Sunday around noon and the place was definitely packed but I snagged up a counter spot no problem.Ordered:Piggy went to China ($14)Pork belly fries ($7)I usually don't like biscuits since they're normally dry but these biscuits were sooo crispy and delicious, especially with the oils and sauces they put with it.The pork belly fries were more like smashed potato pieces with pork belly. definitely delicious.Would rec'd (and with a reservation if you're not gonna be eating alone!)"}, {"review_id": "-64aXpk28ywV21gjpZ17lQ", "user_id": "CgFTcxTGLrd0DnXWGtcCPQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "We love chef Izard! We've been to her Girl and the goat restaurant a couple of times. So since we will be in Chicago over the weekend we decided to try one of her other restaurants. I was so happy that I was able to place a reservation, we got their early and we just waited for 10minutes to be seated.For appetizers, we had Pork belly home fries. I love those pickled banana peppers. This a must try! My husband ordered an old fashion together with his pork torta, the serving of the yucatan pork was very generous. my little one saw another kid eating pancakes so she ordered the same.I tried their Shrimp and Pork Belly and it was so delicious, love the noodles the vinaigrette. We love it and decided to order 1 more to go eat for the next day."}, {"review_id": "08laeMh1B6IcivYavvEUIQ", "user_id": "EVrfbnLZ4wNpNo0PuXzXqg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "Came here for breakfast off a rec from many other friends who had traveled the area.Was here early right when they opened so that I could get a quick start to my day.Server was super sweet and attentive. I ordered the okonomiyaki and has browns. Serving size is huuuuuuge. If you're eating solo - like I was - you'll be stuff before you get halfway through any of your dishes. The okonomiyaki was delicious - crispy when needed and soft when appropriate. The waitress gave me an array of hot sauces to try (I can't remember them now because it was so long ago) but they were both amazing and complimented the dish well. Hash browns were cooked to perfection and so crunchy.Definitely would recommend to anyone trying to get a fulfilling breakfast with a twist."}, {"review_id": "XkKpTUZmEeNPe6GCI-zA1w", "user_id": "pe2ercnrwnKBHEP2nJw5VA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/13/2018", "text": "Every time I come to Chicago I have to make a pit stop here for breakfast. First off the ambiance is great, looks like a Midwest diner except for its brand new and extra trendy-- photo-booth right by the entrance. There is a coffee shop connected in the back of the restaurant which also holds extra seating.The service is always friendly, and fair warning there is ALWAYS a wait so best to make a reservation.The prices are very fair and I always end up ordering so much extra food because I just want to try a bite. They have amazing breakfast food and then sandwiches salads and other yummy original favorites. I would come back here again and again with anyone or even alone. The bi bim bop bowl is amazing for breakfast, just a fair trace of Korean flavor but delicious and filling. It has cauliflower rice mushrooms and you can place two eggs however you'd like on it, it also has some yummy bacon! The club is filling and everything you'd want on your sandwich. The side of hash browns has melted cheese on the bottom and the sausage patties have a sweet taste and are the item I order EVERY time I'm here!"}, {"review_id": "IWmoOsrwSiSfXEU0M1oyBg", "user_id": "sYB_0Y48-eVhzmYHcDl9OA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/27/2018", "text": "Delicious food & fantastic service. Came on a Friday at 11am with a reservation as I'd heard the wait could be an hour and a half plus. Per our server's suggestion we got the this little piggy went to China, the smoked fries, and an off the menu tuna sammie - which he told us they're actually bringing back. Such a great brunch spot. Would definitely be regulars if we lived in Chicago."}, {"review_id": "jzBQJ_eOrudBvzyGw18gYQ", "user_id": "WEiiW-zcmXCoTiccg1NUoQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "The goat concept of this diner is adorable. We came here for dinner and I got the infamous pork and shrimp pasta which turned out to be delicious. Apparently this is seasonal, and I truly enjoyed it. The portions are generous, I took it home and it was still good the following morning. For appetizer, we had a hot crab dip, which I found rather creamy. It reminded me of an artichoke dip - kinda creamy. Otherwise it was good. So, I asked if we were missing out on not ordering a goat- and apparently we weren't. So I didn't feel terrible."}, {"review_id": "sR_ZUVQ7kTxsmqtM2te8Dw", "user_id": "sjN4iL2EIk3EwtZAnPas6Q", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/1/2018", "text": "It was good, but not great. I liked how original everything is, like how the eggs Benedict had some spicy Asian influence to it, and the breakfast sausage was a Szechuan (?) style. The bulls eye chicken and waffles had some special syrup (I really need to start writing these right after my meals instead of waiting so long and forgetting the details). This place gets packed, but the service is still fast and friendly. Even though I only gave 3 stars, I will definitely be going back to try them again."}, {"review_id": "HmA5GjMkAWa8Mh4nJH18_g", "user_id": "sVnsWJxZfUQXYQ0qam4ZVg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/11/2018", "text": "I would give it 4 stars but it is rather noisy.  Big portions!   Pickles and onion rings really good, breading was thick.  Food was delicious and service was great"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/little-goat-diner-chicago-4?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]