[[{"review_id": "g_RjstgRMi1RvvZgDM9blw", "user_id": "838kZFdsWXWMKE07LUqsCA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "Legendary! My fiancé and I absolutely love crisp. Nice sized wings, killer sauces, and chicken fried to perfection! We ventured out a couple of time and ordered their bad boy Buddha and it did not disappoint! They're BYOB, friendly and fast.The place is often packed to the brim so it's a bit tougher to go in a large group. Other than that - Crisp is a winner winner chicken dinner!!!"}, {"review_id": "64Ps5IA_Ed3syLQqOKlQfg", "user_id": "etZl3HWALD5hbYgqfeqy2Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "Wow, what an amazing place this is!! We had the half fried chicken with the Seoul sassy sauce and the spicy buffalo sauce. The chicken had a beautiful crispy skin and juicy meat that was complemented with the sauces perfectly. The Seoul sassy sauce was sweet and garlicky, and I personally loved the spicy buffalo since it tasted homemade and with the perfect amount of vinegar to balance the fat of the chicken. We also had the Seoul steak bowl that was really delicious, with amazing rice and great tasting steak pieces. This is a place I definitely will be coming back to!"}, {"review_id": "SucQL5VykqOwdoseeX1P7g", "user_id": "xFecfpI9Klvgrrre0W6BtQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "I stopped by to order carry out as I was in the area and I know that Crisp is always packed. Like other Yelpers have said it is kind of hard to get a seat for more than a party of 2 at peak hours and the seating isn't great as the place is small. What Yelper's don't say is that they use the small space to the best of their ability and Crisp is a small business. Take a wild guess on what market rent for that place is? IT'S OUTRAGEOUS as Chicago isn't cheap (I know it's not NYC or SF) and they do what they do to put out amazing food and serve the community. I have been to Crisp many times as I used to live at Belmont and Lake Shore and now I live up in Wrigleyville. Yes, I mentioned that the space is small. Crisp is also fast casual as you order at the register and then they bring your food out, but they don't \"wait\" on you. I ended up ordering an order of wings with the Seoul Sassy sauce and a Bad Boy Buddha Bowl with chicken and brown rice.Crisp' wings are rated as one of the best in the city by Yelp and almost every Chicago news outlet. And I will go even further and say that they are the best wings I have ever had. They are meaty, crispy, and the sauce has a ton of flavor! The best part about the wings is that it took me about 20 minutes to get home and they were still pretty hot and they did not get soggy. Wings are the worst when they get soggy and they are not crispy. I haven't had Crisp in a while and I forgot how big the wings are. They were so big that I didn't even touch my Buddha Bowl. My plan was to carb load as I have the CARA 10 Miler tomorrow, but I ended up splurging a bit. YOLO.I didn't touch the Buddha bowl and will save it for lunch, but it's my go to when I come to Crisp as it's pretty healthy. The vegetables are always fresh and the sauce has a lot of flavor. Also, the sauce is pretty spicy. I'm a big fan of Crisp and think everyone should give it a try!"}, {"review_id": "xHUL_UpAgyPTuNO-6llZYg", "user_id": "lf1m4CbheuUR7fFZoLGRvA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "Had 20 minutes to kill. I was hungry and remembered this place was on my bookmarked list. Ordered six piece chicken tenders  mild buffalo sauce.everything moves fast here. The place was packed. Very organized. Every employee was kind, friendly and welcoming! It felt great!  When the food arrived the portion was huge it had 7 tenders, cooked perfectly very crispy and tossed in your classic mild buffalo sauce. After three pieces I had to take the rest home! I was really surprised by the quality, the quantity and the people the whole experience was fantastic and I did not expect that it. Looking forward to trying more menu items"}, {"review_id": "UMxiSRQmRNUy8INwg7PjmA", "user_id": "2otXDEiKDqUbox4BS6uK0g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/22/2018", "text": "I've heard about these Korean wings for a very long time and we were super excited to finally get to try them. Honestly if I had eaten these wings as a take-out or delivery, I'd probably give them a 5 Star review. Their space is where they fall short but, their wings are absolutely delicious. We saw the restaurant was packed and placed our order at the counter and hoped for the best that we'd find seats for 4. We did get lucky but only because my husband is aggressive on snagging seats. As soon as we sat down, our order arrived. We devoured orders of Crisp BBQ, Seoul Sassy and Buffalo Wings plus 2 orders of onion rings. The boys loved the Buffalo best and I voted the Crisp BBQ 1st place with Seoul Sassy a close 2nd - our daughter reversed those as her faves. Those wings are pretty perfect which is saying a lot since they are served as whole wings - I always prefer them to be cut apart. They're large, very meaty and loaded with flavor. Now here comes the but....the food here is beyond messy and no one cleans the tables here between patrons. The amount of mess created here equals places like Angry Crab where food shows up in a plastic bag. We could have used a plastic bag after we were done for all the trash. The tables all have a roll of paper to clean you up and you'll have a pile of it when you're done, as well as wing debris.Yes I'd eat these wings again, preferably with take-out or delivery."}, {"review_id": "zIO2Dr6hY_q43MQhw0I0eQ", "user_id": "wdvp9H9QrU__sWK14mwDSw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "Had lunch here and everything was delicious! I had the bad boy bowl, which is basically Korean rice bowl topped with veggies. Very tasty together with the Buddha sauce and the portion was very big! I like the radish topping a lot since it has this crunchy texture and add some refreshing sour flavor to the rice bowl. Also we had the fried whole wings with sweet soy sauce and spicy bbq sauce, delicious. Covered in sauce but still crispy outside and juicy and tender inside make great fried chicken.  The taste of the sauces were also very good, so far the best Korean fried chicken I've had in Chicago. Worth a visit!"}, {"review_id": "pElBYdSCQ6labrnw4oTseA", "user_id": "2iJsaZgrMSqMw-fZYl4LTg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/22/2018", "text": "Boy am I glad to visit this shop in Chicago! The hype and high ratings are real!!!!!I came here with a main focus of ordering the wings as they are famous for them. But then, I saw a deal for drumsticks (5 for $6) and had a moment of hesitation. The picture of the drumsticks look really good and humongous. However, after the help of one of the guys at the counter, he convince me that the wings was the way to go.First, it took literally only 3-5 minutes for the wings to come out fresh and piping hot. I got the 5 wings with the sassy sauce and the BBQ sauce. The wings are gigiantic. First bite, you can hear the crunch from the skin. However, the meat was tender enough that it was falling off the bones. These wings are also filled with meat, they know where to get good chicken. Both sauce are really good. I like the BBQ a little better because of the spice. Overall, I love the chicken, I wish I ordered the drumsticks in addition to the wings. It's a must place to try when you are in Chicago. Of note, this is a messy meal, expect to use a lot of napkins which are readily available."}, {"review_id": "pR2odvtK3_LxI1Vmhhn3Vw", "user_id": "jWePtAiMHA-1ZjXTiS3aKQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "I know I always make these extreme statements but OMG I died like 100 times while eating these wings.I am not really a wing girl but JESUS HELP ME!! The first time I've had them was when my boyfriend was trying to convince me that they have the best wings in town.  I naturally didn't believe him because I have better taste buds. On a random Sunday Fun day after we consumed alcohol all freaking afternoon (I was tired and wanted to go home) but he dragged me here. The place was busy and smelled like heaven on earth so I woke up INSTANTLY. Can you believe that I ate 10 wings ALL BY MYSELF!?!?! I mean I don't know what seasoning, dressing, crack (ok crack is a joke ppl) they put on their wings but it's to die for!!!!As I stated, I died at least 100 times while sitting there sucking the meat of the BONES. I had the Seoul Sassy Wings, I thought I throw it in there just for clarification LOL .Anyways I did have a favorite Chicken place before I came here and GOOODDDDDDDDDD!!! Ok I sound like a person that never had good food and now i sound bother line pathetic. LET ME SUM IT UP - GO THERE - GET THE SEOUL CHICKEN - THANK ME LATER"}, {"review_id": "m9AK_IxZBv-fqFD3WJ8ssA", "user_id": "LoPukvaiiG01I6STvU2fYA", "rating": 2.0, "date": "2/10/2018", "text": "Uhhhhhhh.... pretty sure what I ate was just \"fried chicken\" covered in sauce instead of the advertised KFC. Or who knows. Maybe I'm just really particular with how my Korean fried chicken should be made. Are my standards too high if all I'm asking for is a thin, crispy skin that is a whole notha entity from the juicy chicken that is on the inside? Sometimes I love the chicken skin too much and eat it by itself CAUSE IT'S THAT GOOD ON ITS OWN. Maybe I'll add some special hot sauce on the side as a treat to myself, but a KFC crispy outer layer should be able to stand alone as is. *also lol, I'm getting v serious about Korean fried chicken. 10/10 my friends will rag on me later*That's obviously not the case here at Crisp. I ordered the Seoul Sassy and Crisp BBQ wings and was not impressed with either of them. Thin skin? Yes. Crispy skin? No. The only bonus was that the wings themselves were pretty big in size.Honestly, there's so much more I want to complain about but it's very hard to explain in words unless you've tried KFC in Koreatown LA. I loooove fried chicken so Crisp was disappointing to me. Would not recommend."}, {"review_id": "PxH0oTJ_X3DktmtLyqBITA", "user_id": "i7tIYXl7UZLkTPIOyB_LXg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/28/2018", "text": "Best chicken in Chicago.The chicken wings were nicely fried and the Seoul sassy sauce was amazing!My new favorite sauce is the Crisp BBQ, I like how it has a bit of a kick to it. So delicious! I highly recommend it.If you are with friends, get their Buddha bowl. You won't regret it."}, {"review_id": "7XHrqKe7p--UO25e80ZWQw", "user_id": "vj0kTCHnZnsK3XAM7NngFQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "This place was amazing!! Food was so bomb and so fresh! I loved the vibe it gave. They played music and were so fast with orders. Also they were playing beach volleyball on the tv which is my ultimate fav, so I enjoyed everything about my experience here and def will be coming back!"}, {"review_id": "-C4zHIIlEblUrnHV-4GjaA", "user_id": "eJz_ij0PghOZnvCR084C5w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/19/2018", "text": "Came here with a strong recommendation so I just had to try it out. This place was talked up a lot so I had high expectations. I have had many different types of Korean fried chicken before so I definitely had a benchmark in my mind.ATMOSPHERE/ARCHITECTURE: 7/10Casual atmosphere, it's quite crowded inside and the whole place seats maybe 30 people max. Judging by how packed it was though, I was getting really excited because I just knew that it had to be good right? The interior itself isn't really that impressive. There's a row of booth seating along the wall and chairs on the other side with interspersed tables. There's minimal stool seating on the opposite side and that's about it.SERVICE : 9/10The cashier was really very nice and polite. The food came out shockingly quick. I would say it took maybe 5 or so minutes and the order came out right after. We had a big order too and it was still without delay. Awesome.FOOD: 8/10We got a big order of 20 of the Seoul Sassy wings and 10 Crisp BBQ wings.Seoul Sassy - I was forewarned and told that this was the best of them all, but I still wanted to try both. After having this though, this is definitely the superior flavor. And I must say the flavor here beats out any other Korean fried chicken flavor that I have had. This soy garlic flavor goes so well with the crispiness of the chicken wings. I was very impressed. This is a MUST try here.Crisp BBQ - This was not bad, a tangy spicy BBQ sauce that was kind of \"wet\" on the wings. It did not taste bad by any means, but in comparison to the Seoul Sassy, this was kind of disappointing. Next time, I'd go with all Seoul Sassy. Don't fix perfect, right?PROBABILITY OF RETURN: 8/10I'd definitely come back for some more Seoul Sassy wings.TO EAT OR NOT TO EAT: Eat. The Seoul Sassy is worth a shot. Definitely not like anything you've ever had at Buffalo Wildwings or Wingstop.OVERALL: 8/10"}, {"review_id": "uNKasDKDbCrAu8Sg8NwaZg", "user_id": "8PzeF5qcFg07ii0KaK2FUg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/28/2018", "text": "Overall: 4.3/5Came here on a Saturday around noon for lunch. They were packed so they were only doing to-go orders so I took my order and ate it on a bench elsewhere. Taste: 4/5The bbq flavor of the boneless fried chicken was very flavorful. The seoul sauce flavor was also nice and a milder option. Didn't try any of the bowls but I would come back in the future for that.Value: 4.8/5 I only got the \"3 piece\" which was like $6 but was pleasantly surprised to see pretty big portions. I was full by the end of that.Speed: 4.5/5. My order was ready in about 5 minutes. Very speedy turnaround.Environment: 4/5They don't have much sitting space to begin with (maybe like 6 tables?) and it was a bustling, dim(ish) vibe. I will be back!"}, {"review_id": "8NpLFFeM0ihs9VmtjZAObg", "user_id": "QQ0hK1RQM7FdQafZe-uyIA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/2/2018", "text": "Been on a KFC kick for quite sometime and hands down Koreans do fried chicken the best! This place is no exception. Had to get the \"Korean mom's\" recommendations. And since it's their house spice, couldn't resist that either. So got spicy BBQ and the spiciest with their house sauce. Does not disappoint! My brother tried the BBQ first saying that he wanted to work his way up (heat level wise). I jumped right in with the spiciest. Great flavor. Was surprised that the heat didn't kick in until after I finished my first wing. Then it was craziness afterwards. The BBQ wasn't as flavorful but the spice from the original took over. Would definitely recommend!I will be returning to have the original house sauce and maybe a wing or two of the spiciest again. Took CTA to get here so don't know anything about parking. Restroom was clean. ENJOY!"}, {"review_id": "VTnkJ0Cj2qWeDeGU_XaMxA", "user_id": "eA-KLkSEq9RYt9-RfNZXCA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/6/2018", "text": "I'm a big chicken wings guy. I love me some spicy wings, smoked wings, Korean wings... yum. So this was a must stop. While I much prefer my wings separated into drums and flats the fact that these are served attached (3 part) didn't deter me. I dug right in. We ordered hot wings, BBQ, and Seoul sassy. My favorites were the hot which we could have (should have) ordered extra spicy. I like em hot. But the wings are big and meaty  The place is popular so it's so crowded. Packed. And it's not the cleanest. You can imagine people sucking on wing bones making a sticky mess on the table. No one is cleaning up the tables so you sit down as soon as someone gets up to take that hard to get spot and you have crap all over the table. I have stains on my sleeve to prove it. While the wings are very good, I'd consider this a takeout only place. Not the best I've ever had but certainly a good choice if you're craving wings."}, {"review_id": "xnPZJCjiqyyzLNyA7I4uoA", "user_id": "xxc751tvn4uLZNe7o_Z86w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/23/2017", "text": "Was taken here by friends and I should be thanking them throughout the new year! As a fried chicken aficionado I'm pretty picky and this place passed with flying colors! Got the Seoul Sassy, Buffalo and BBQ flavors and they were all top notch! Also had the Seoul steak bowl which was also tasty.  There are solid veg options for you non-carnivores too. Cool vibe in the place and it was BYOB - a liquor store is right across the street.Shout out to the service which was great!"}, {"review_id": "hpWZcGCXRxfcJl4j33ZFLw", "user_id": "Cu88YSn5r1VXAoU4lMz_aA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/24/2017", "text": "THE BEST KOREAN FRIED CHICKEN WINGS I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE!!!When I was visiting Chicago, I knew that no matter what, I had to check out Crisp based on all the pictures and reviews on Yelp. The restaurant is kind of out of the way if you are planning to stay in the downtown area, but is located on a nice street that's filled with restaurants and shops. Crisp is very small with limited seatings. It was kind of stressful trying to find a seat in the midst of the crowdedness inside the restaurant. Not only that, there was also limited space to hang your coats. It is definitely not the most comfortable restaurant that I have been to. However, the food made it all worth it. I decided on the 10 wings, half in the buffalo sauce and half in the BBQ sauce, all with the spicy level suicide. I also got a side of kimchi. My boyfriend also got the 10 wings, half in soul sassy and half in bbq, all with the spicy level hot along with a side of fries. The food came out very quickly. We were surprised by the large portion. We really could have shared one order and would have been satisfied. The kimchi literally came out in a large container.  I was surprised as it only costed around $3. The wings, the kimchi and the fries were all HEAVENLY. I don't know how they make the wings sauce, but it was the sauciest and most delicious sauce I have ever tasted. If you are into spicy, I highly recommend getting the same order as me. I was very satisfied with the flavor and the spice level. I also had a taste of the soul sassy wings and those were delicious as well. The fries were hot and plentiful. The kimchi was crunchy, fresh and spicy. The wings were literally finger licking good. We finished our food and were craving for more. I highly recommend checking out this place when you are craving some kickin' Korean fried chicken wings. As I have told some of my friends, I would fly to Chicago just to eat these wings!"}, {"review_id": "jp4B0Ud4XsseTJa-f2aK2A", "user_id": "Ho1j6TvZ5NNUrPMU94BE5w", "rating": 2.0, "date": "4/16/2018", "text": "I can't stand this spot and think it's one of the most over hyped restaurants in the city. The wings aren't that good. They hardly have any meat on them and aren't juicy at all. They're not really even crisp, mostly just dry. Nothing at all like you'd find in Korea or even some of the other Korean spots in Chicago (granted, the Korean food scene here isn't exactly strong). All the flavors tasted the same to me: way, way too sweet. Additionally, the seating in the restaurant is horrible. If you're planning to eat in, just give up now because it's impossible. They expect you to order at the counter and then hopefully find a table. If there isn't one (there never is), what are you supposed to do? I don't mind sitting in cramped places but there needs to be at least some sort of rhyme or reason as to how people get seated. This place is just stressful. We ended up having to eat our messy (and disappointing) wings on a bench several blocks away. They should just make it carry-out only. If you're a white person interested in trying Asian food, you can do way better. Go to any of the incredible spots in Chinatown or Argyle and get some authentic flavor."}, {"review_id": "ZcuOYD_MrYvPbrR6m1iENg", "user_id": "nN_ZZ3YRE1zIyORj3BMfkA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "I don't understand the hype.Well I do. The wings are enormous, there's a variety of unique flavors, and vegetarian options as well. But....the wings aren't that good. The skin is thin and the meat lacks juiciness. I enjoyed the flavor but was bored eating them after 2 bites. I want crunch, I want depth, I want to be taken on a magical chicken carpet ride.None of this happened and I was sadly disappointed."}, {"review_id": "C4qcUzCBy4lkPEllVjfMlA", "user_id": "QGHu9soHIFW2bmgRBpnMhg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/27/2018", "text": "My friend that goes to Northwestern recommended Crisp to me when I visited Chicago before we headed out for a night of drinks. It was especially convenient because I was staying at a hostel in Lincoln Park, so Crisp was walking distance (about 15 minutes). I ended up feeling too full from where I went for lunch, so I only ordered fries but I dipped them in the Seoul sauce from my friend's wings. They certainly seemed to be enjoying the food, although my friend couldn't handle the spice for their other wings--I made note of that because I knew I needed to come back for my own wings! I was feeling mighty ambitious so I ordered 10 wings, a mix of the sweet Seoul and spicy bbq (only mild). I can only say YUM but I certainly overestimated myself. I only ate two pieces of the Seoul-flavored wings and four of the spicy bbq, and that was definitely pushing the limits of my stomach of a 5'1\" Asian girl. Each wing is quite filling with several mouthfuls of meat. And I understood why the restaurant's name is Crisp!I took my leftovers back to my hostel, and although no longer fresh and crispy, I still enjoyed eating my chicken."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/crisp-chicago?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]