[[{"review_id": "DPfVBvUVTiLPTEeOgGUUiQ", "user_id": "J7U2JFwC1OXWm6GxIRLa3g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "7000+ reviews... how do we not try this place?? Getting a reservation is not easy unless you do it way in advance... anticipation is building.  The ambiance gets an A+ for sure. Hostesses and waiters are just super. The menu is very unique and I just wanted to try everything. Our waitress had to put a stop to our eyes devouring everything on the page and we limited to 6 dishes. Actually 7 dishes but she forgot about the pig face and we felt like stuffed pigs after our meal anyways.Dish #1: Oysters- raw : I'm not a fan of oysters but these were good. Went very well with my refreshing glass of Rose. Dish #2: Diver Sea Scallops: These were perfectly cooked. I really liked the pistachio and smoked beets on the top. Yum!!Dish #3: Sautéed Green beans: this dish seems so simple and plain but it was one of my favorites. I did pick out the sautéed onions but the fish sauce with cashews was bomb! I literally ate the entire plate. Dish #4: calamari bruschetta: What you think you will get is not what is on the plate but try it and you will be forever thankful. The calamari is so fresh and well prepared. I hate celery but the one in here was fantastic. Highly recommend!Dish #5: escargot ravioli: This was good but not my favorite. I usually really love escargot but this mix of flavors was a bit too rich for me. My sister absolutely loved it.. so order it anyways. Dish #6: Duck tongues: This dish is served with tuna and black bean poke which I really liked. Lots of wonton chips too. Interesting combo of flavors. Then dessert.... malt balls with popcorn was fabulous, unique and rather tasty. Our waitress also brought us complementary lemon cake which was not to shabby. You would be a fool not to try this restaurant at least once when in the city!"}, {"review_id": "L71uzQDpdZR9dgJFi5qcxA", "user_id": "cc7qRAate2Rb-LtMn7N9Gw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "What a delicious meal on my first night during a weekend trip in Chicago!?! Stephanie Izard, top chef winner and Chicago native, has outdone herself with an innovative menu of family style small plates/tapas with bold flavors and Mediterranean influence. Whether you are an adventurous eater, ready to indulge in duck toungues, roasted pig face, and goat empanadas or you love more traditional fare such as succulent ramp marinated chicken, tender baby short ribs, and sautéed green beans, Girl and the Goat has something delicious for everyone. A dining experience at Girl and the Goat, located in the trendy west loop, is highly coveted, so make sure to make a reservation well in advance. We made our reservation a few months in advance on OpenTable. Initially there were only reservations available at 10:45 pm on Thursday, however we checked back and reservations opened up. We ended up making a reservation at 7:30 pm on Thursday. They were very busy but we were seated quickly. There are plenty of tables throughout the restaurant and also communal style seating on a long booth in the center of the restaurant, which is where we were seated. The server explained the menu, that a group of two diners typically orders four to six dishes to be shared and that the dishes would be served starting with the lightest and ending with heaviest. Some dishes can also be served as half orders which was advantageous for myself since my dining companion has an aversion to seafood while I love it and wanted to try a little bit of everything. Most dishes range from $12-$28 a piece. The goat empanadas, piqued our interest and we were so glad we ordered these as they were one of our favorite items that we tried here. The goat empanadas were served as two, with miso-blue alioli, chanterelle mushrooms and apple giardiniera. The sauce was so flavorful and the goat meat was tender and delicious. If you have never consumed goat meat before, it's almost reminiscent of pulled pork, very tender, flavorful, and delicious. Next up were the chickpea fritters, served with quinoa tabbouleh, chickpeas, pomegranate seeds, feta, and a tahini vinaigrette. The combination of flavors was amazing. The fritter had a polenta or tofu like texture. The sauce was delicious. Next we had the green garli pierogies, served with a scallion sour cream, and tomato rhubarb relish, very tasty. Service has the illusion of being attentive as there were certain employees throughout the restaurant who's only responsibility was keeping everyone's water glass filled and plate-ware and utensils fresh and clean. However, our main waiter never came back and checked on us throughout the entire meal after the first initial order taking, even though he checked on the family next to us several times. I had to wave him down to add a couple seafood dishes to the order and a cocktail. I ordered the fried oysters. They were delicious! If you've never had fried oysters, I'd equate them to the flavor and texture of a fried mushroom. I also had a half order of scallops, which was one scallop, since my friend doesn't like seafood. The scallop was garnished with brown butter alioli, blood orange, smoked beet, and pistachios. The flavors and garnishing was great but I actually thought the scallop was slightly undercooked. Next up were the crispy beef short ribs, my other favorite menu item, served with avocado and grapefruit. The meat was melt in your mouth tender...so delicious. Finally we were served the ramp marinated grilled chicken, a very generous portion, large enough to be a meal of its own, served with shaved carrots, red peppers, and spicy peanut crunch. Bone-in chicken was fall off the bone tender and the combination of flavors was unique and delicious. I also really enjoyed the cocktail that I ordered, It's Always Sunny in Oaxaca, mezcal, mango, turmeric, ginger, cinnamon, and cayenne...subtly spicy and very tasty. I would definitely order this again. A couple next to us ordered the pork shank, a very large generous portion, served with pita bread and various dipping sauces which looked and smelled amazing. I will definitely be ordering the pork shank upon my next visit. The family next to us, was offered a complimentary dessert by our same waiter, even though they said they were too full. However, we were not offered a complimentary dessert. It seemed like when I had inquired about half orders, in regards to seafood, that our waiter toned down the service which doesn't seem right since we spent $136 on our total bill between the two of us. If we had been checked on at least once throughout our entire visit, my review would have been 5 stars. Despite the service, the food was innovative, unique, and delicious and I would still return. I'd love to try some of the adventurous menu items like duck tongue, escargot ravioli, and pig face during my next visit. Girl and the Goat is a dining must during any Chicago visit."}, {"review_id": "t2It8jwaB9dfUFLHTwf4nQ", "user_id": "AozaTArS3mE_c7_fQ9xCyA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "We had dinner & drinks for my Sisters 50th Birthday. Very eclectic menu. I had never had goat, it was good. We ordered a ton of different dishes to try & they were all good. The focaccia w/olives is AWESOME, totally recommend it. Well Drinks were on par w/any other decent 4 Star+ establishment.My sister ordered the Goat Shoulder, which was good, but not my cup o tea. I had the lamb shank ribs & it was Wonderful. The roasted broccoli was decent; however I prefer my broccoli steamed w/a lil lemon & butter, guess I'm not used to the roasted/seared version 8^pPrices are on the high side if yr ok with spending over $60 per person for dinner & drinks.It was definitely an experience & glad we went  there while in Chicago. Thx Chef :)"}, {"review_id": "LWZ8fXPWHoGNMNQgTi69Pw", "user_id": "t48rb-qq3qc93Pxeux2Yjw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "I'm so impressed by Girl and the Goat!! I made reservations about 2 months in advance and eagerly counted down the days until my trip to Chicago. We were seated immediately when we arrived.Goat Liver Mousse came first. A little jar of the pate was served with freshly made crumpets, red onion morstada, and bread and butter pickles. Who knew that savory, tangy, sweet, sour, crunchy flavor would work so well together? Each bite was a harmony in my mouth. I'm so glad the liver was not gamey at all. I would lick that jar clean if I could haha oh wait I basically did...Next was the Duck Tongues. I didn't quite know what to expect, but I was impressed! The slivers of tongue were fried and chewy so good! They were served with a tuna and black bean poke (so fresh), crispy wontons, and peri peri. The sauce definitely packed some heat and worked well with the duck tongues.The last dish was the Seared Diver Scallops, which were incredible! 2 large scallops served with a roasted miso brown butter aioli, blood orange, smoked beet, and pistachio. I don't even like beets but I ate every piece up in this dish! The pistachio added great crunch to the tender scallops. My favorite dish this time!I didn't have any room for dessert, but I'm sure I'll try them next time!! Stephanie Izard, props to you. It's so rare that I love every single tapas style dish at a restaurant, but here I did!"}, {"review_id": "ZGjafHNywcPElXdkUGDNkg", "user_id": "Hb3udml881UOAfLUAzoXaw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "We got super lucky and sat down after 10 minutes of walking in (without prior reservations)! If you don't have reservations, this place is usually a 3 hour wait. MUCH WORTH. I've never been to a restaurant where I fell in love with every single dish and drink that I ordered. Drinks:- Local 75- the highlander- best of three (MY FAVORITE)- hefeweizen beerFood:- mojo spiced shrimp- pan roasted halibut- goat liver mousse (MY FAVORITE)- goat empanadas- crisp braised pork shankDessert:- lemon make you happy (best lemon cake I've ever had)Prices were so reasonable and the staff were amazing! I wanted to come back the next day to try the rest of their menu."}, {"review_id": "PHK66W09tbNmdULvr0qHIw", "user_id": "0yxN_CmSotv-t1sUZA1zYg", "rating": 2.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "Really excited to try this place from the great reviews and local recommendations. However, the food was a disappointment, and the tapas did not wow us. Yes, we know it's tapas, but the portion is still SMALL for tapas at the menu price. Flavors are a bit heavy and salty for us. Will not go back."}, {"review_id": "uz8gNy-Qk4tzLHjieN1t9A", "user_id": "gNkmQPOhOQA5dAu6a9EwgQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "If a picture is worth a thousand words, what is the worth of over 7000 positive yelp reviews and counting? My wife and I decided to find out for ourselves. Our entire dining experience was exquisite. What made it so good? It was the culmination of a hundred little things. Obviously the food was the MVP. There is so much thought that goes into each item on the menu. For instance, the sourdough bread was delicious on its own, but it was exceptional paired with the whipped feta and red onion mostarda.Do yourself a favor and get the crisp pork shank. It was my favorite thing. Again, alone this entree is amazing. Crisp outer shell with fall-off-the-bone and juicy meat inside. But paired with the buttermilk dressing, grilled spring onion kimchee, and homemade naan it was a one-of-a-kind experience!If I have done a poor job using words to express how delicious this place is, take a look at my photos. They speak for themselves.The Girl & the Goat is taking the restaurant scene in Chicago by a storm. You'll want to see for yourself why it's so good!"}, {"review_id": "Vs1m0y5wy9myLEkH-5unHw", "user_id": "S1E9bAKbnNJVulFfgBiC8w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "First thing I noticed was that all young women had colorful painted nails and all young man had good looking shoes.The food followed with the plates offering nice presentation of texture, color and most importantly taste.Like in any other place, it is a hit or miss.Duck tounges (yes, little duck tounges) were fried but did not lose texture and did not taste oily. The combination of other ingredients really complimented it. It is so good that it will extract smiles from you face.Goat liver paste with pickled raisins and delicious fried dough made me thing that I am back in Paris. So much great taste in small doses.Pavlova desert was so salty and sweet at the same time, and had no fruit component and I could not finish it due to non agreeable taste.This is a nice place where you can get a lot of wonderful (artistic) small dishes for a half of cost in NY or DC, considering how fancy the place was."}, {"review_id": "cRUdLn-LRMpNni8e7PZnJA", "user_id": "MG_tqiWM_0ydcnUkj7G7fQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "Here's my deal: Coming from NYC, when you tell me that there is an hour plus wait for a restaurant, you assume the food is damn good or the place has an unjustified cult following. So you can only imagine how excited I was to come here... Unfortunately, I think this restaurant falls in the latter, largely due to Chef Izard's Top Chef acclaim. I found the dishes to be very heavy and the flavor contrast was too strong and callous .. It lacked the cohesion I typically seek in an award winning restaurant.We came in on a Monday evening and waited a little over an hour for a table. I genuinely felt they would've seated us earlier if we stuck around (we went to a nearby bar to kill time), as we were seated minutes upon returning, despite the hostess informing us that there may be an additional 30 min wait. Anyhow.. we ordered the beet salad, escargot ravioli, beef tongue, pork face, and goat confit. --The beet salad was delivered with arugula and ?radicchio, bathed in a vinaigrette. For me, I was unsure if the beets were fresh or canned.. it was slivered finely, and when you ate it with the green bitters, the contrast was so potent that it made it difficult to enjoy the subtle sweetness of the beets. For reference, my fav beet salad ever is Jean Georges' Public Kitchen and/or from ABC Kitchen .. This just missed the mark IMO.-- Escargot ravioli was delicious by itself but it sat on a salty beef broth that was far too strong and overwhelmed the ravioli. I would recommend this dish if you knew how to construct your bite: would suggest plating the crunchy onion on top of the ravioli, and allow it to sit on the SMALLEST amount of broth in your spoon .. only then did it become more palatable for me.-- Beef tongue: very much like a warm salad but no grain. Probably one of the more solid dish but the vinaigrette was too heavy to allow the savoriness of the tongue to stand out. There is a lot of texture in this dish but it was hard to construct a bite as the crisp (I think it might've been fried wonton/dumpling skin?) was oversized, so the different ingredient ratio was problematic.-- Pork face is legit a rip of a Filipino sig sig. I wish they would give credit where it is due .. Deep notes of tamarind and vinegar, with great crispiness of the pig cheek/ears. Prob another one of my fav dishes largely because it reminds me of classic Filipino food in Queens, but very disappointed that it failed to credit a culture that mastered this dish for ages. And for $16-18 (don't remember exact cost), it was def overpriced compared to the aunties in Woodside that make it for $8-10 (and, trust me, they make it way better).-- Goat confit was perhaps the most confusing thing I consumed all night. The goat didn't taste like confit cooking .. more like abbreviated braising. Meat was musky and muscular. It was accompanied by lobster which was deliciously sweet and drizzled with a cream reduction. The lobster by itself was great, but to add it as a complimentary note to the goat was very confusing and, personally, didn't mingle well. This dish was just unharmonious IMO. Overall: it just wasn't my cup of tea. The different flavors within one dish contrasted too sharply for me to enjoy. It felt like the dishes were generated whimsically without much thought to its cohesion .. or maybe that's the intention? Moreover, I actually found the dishes to be heavy (ie overwhelmed with vinaigrette or the roux? coated the respective meat too much) that I felt absurdly gluttonous after eating here. And, for the record, portions are huge by NYC standard. If I had to do it again, I prob would've ordered no more than 4 dishes. Would I recommend? I guess if you're into sharp contrasting flavors and rich cuisines, but, maybe for the more scrupulous tongue, it might be best to skip. I personally don't understand how this restaurant acquired such glowing review .. have a meal at other restaurants with notoriously long reservation wait time  - Chef's Table, Eleven Madison Park, Daniel, Per Se- and then get back to me about how it compares."}, {"review_id": "8x-lRBwCkB3vH1dDtmg4Rg", "user_id": "rr5zzVWVu0u-P5P1rHIV-Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "4.5/5 so I'll round up to 5.WOW, this was a great experience. We had snagged 715pm reservations on OpenTable once they'd opened up more, about four weeks before arriving in Chicago - previously, only 945pm and later was available.Our waiter told us that most people order 4 to 6 dishes, as they are tapas and meant to be shared. Dishes range from $12-26ish. Once you order your dishes, he will then bring them out one by one, I believe he went from lightest to heaviest dish.I can't pick a favorite because they were all fantastic but I can tell you what we ordered. We started with the goat empanadas; I don't usually eat goat but these were great. After that, the green garlic pierogies, and the chickpea fritters. The fritters were probably my least favorite but their side was great: quinoa and pomegranate seeds, which I never would have thought to put together. We also had beef short ribs, which were the most tender short ribs I've ever had, and we ended with the chicken dish, which was actually large and could be eaten as a meal.My friend also got the fried oysters and a half order of the scallops (literally ONE scallop, haha) and enjoyed both.The 4.5 stars vs 5 comes from the fact that although our water glasses were always refilled, our waiter didn't check on us that much. Also, the couple to our left got a free dessert (it was their anniversary apparently) and the group to our right also got free dessert (no apparent reason why) but for us, he just offered the dessert menu. We were stuffed at that point anyways but I wonder why we were not offered a complimentary dessert.Expect to spend about $40+pp here, but I'd definitely come back... All of the food was delicious."}, {"review_id": "LBpCPMQHNe0p88fiOwEq5A", "user_id": "qwCapAV4xEmXGhxNYCjohg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "I gasped. I licked a plate. I made an awkwardly forward comment to the bartender in my joyous food haze (she's female and I'm happily married to a man).My sister and I are on a sister weekend in Chicago and wandered from our hotel on a Saturday night hoping to score a table at one of the west loop hot spots. We came in around 545 and scoped the bar. After spotting a woman sipping a cappuccino (telltale sign of end of a meal!), we set up camp behind she and her dining partner to snag the seats. Brilliant! Seated by 6 and ready to roll.Sangiovese in hand (yum! Fruity! Another glass, please), we scoped the menu. We settled on beets, shishito peppers, cauliflower, goat belly, and pork shank. Stand outs for me were the Parmesan peppers (that's one of the plates I finger swiped to get more deliciousness), goat belly (the sauce was soooooooo rich and savory! The bartender laughed when she caught us trying to scrape up sauce with our forks and fingers to not let it go to waste), and the pork shank.The pork shank made me moan. I mean- the red sauce and naan with some of the crispy fork tender meat- I really think that bite of food is in my top 5 bites of my life. Do NOT not order the pork shank. Hands down, my favorite of the night. Service was impeccable, food stellar, and experience perfection. Thank you. I hope to return again!!"}, {"review_id": "96JWOf40Qp2Z1hzLt6fzwg", "user_id": "p2B42GiNEO-ziB77Rq56Iw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "Went here on our trip to Chicago based on many recommendations from friends. We went a bit overboard to say the least, but it was because everything was so good!We ordered the sourdough bread to start (not pictured), 2 sides of green beans, chickpea fritters, goat empanadas, halibut, goat belly, and 2 orders of pig face. I will say the portions were quite small, but everything was so rich that it became filling quickly.Green beans: were a little salty for a couple of people in our group but were just right for me as I love salt.Chickpea fritters: super rich and delicious. The quinoa on the bottom was even better!Goat empanadas: these were ok. I liked the sauce they came with more than anything.Halibut: I hate cooked fish. Like, really hate cooked fish. But my wife forced me to try the halibut and man was it good. The sauce was super flavorful, the fish just fell apart in your mouth. So good!Goat belly: this was so tender and melted in your mouth. The crab and lobster on top was the right combination of flavors.Pig face: I know it sounds weird, but it was crispy, soft, and full of flavor. I'm not a huge fan of eggs, but I went along with it for the experience. The bill came to around $160 for all of this. We will definitely be back to try some of the other things on the menu next time we are in town.Definitely make a reservation though as it got full real quick. We brought our 2 year old and they were pretty accommodating for a child!"}, {"review_id": "hTUGnxcrzWc1RlKGYvcjoA", "user_id": "tk9O-CtU5I74zBV9EruTcw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "I love great service, and my experience here was just that--incredible service. We sat at the bar and Lily took care of us. She was wonderful--super friendly, and incredibly attentive--even when it was crazy busy. Her cocktails were perfection, and all of her food recommendations were totally on point. She even went the extra mile when I told her I had a seafood allergy, and she grabbed a menu and crossed out everything that even had a hint of seafood in it so I wouldn't get sick. AMAZING.Of the items we ordered (and we ordered many!), my favorites were:- It's always sunny in Oaxaca (cocktail)- Merlot/Cabernet blend- Chickpea Fritters- Warm Marinated Olives- Pan Fried Shishito Peppers (these are very cheesy, btw...)- Kohlrabi Salad- Focaccia - (with the amazing yuzu harissa butter...omg...)- Lemon cake with Sorel Gelato (tasted like spring!)"}, {"review_id": "zB7yel3zZrOR3VP4AQHCKQ", "user_id": "ba_M6JemUPiTSxejVMzTfw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "Girl and the Goat was amazing. We had a reservation and came early. They seated us on time. The server was friendly and recommended that two people usually get 4-6 dishes to share. We got 11 dishes (lol!). The kitchen decides what order they come out in from lightest to heaviest. We ordered: Sweet Onion Brioche bread - 10/10 This was by far my favorite. I felt stupid ordering bread at such a nice restaurant but omg, I would have felt stupid if I HADNT ordered this. I loved it so much i actually ordered another one in the middle of my meal. The bread is soft with a slightly sweet onion smell to it and it came with a pepper relish and the yummiest cream cheese (with a hint of smoked salmon) I've ever had. It was such a perfect combination of warm bread with creamy and cool cream cheese. THIS DISH IS TO-DIE-FOR. Raw Oysters - 9/10 Fresh and tangy, loved it! Only downside is that it came with 4 :( Green garlic pierogies - 8/10 Soft and creamy on the outside and crunchy and delicious on the outside. The corn and mushroom relish underneath was amaaaazing. Escargot ravioli - 6/10 This is the first time I've had snail and it wasn't bad! The broth was a little salty though. Goat empanadas - 9/10 I loved the mushroom and aioli that came with the empanadas. The meat was tender and juicy and very flavorful. Goat belly confit - 4/10 I found that the crab meat didn't really belong but this dish is usually a huge hit with everyone. Sauteed green beans - 7/10 Really enjoyed these green beans. They were blanched well so they still had a bit of crunch to them. The vinagrette on them is delicious and the peanuts were a nice surprise. However, there was SO MANY green beans that this was where I started to fill up. Beware, this is a huge dish (in comparison to the others). I sort of wish this came out more in the middle of the meal and not towards the end. Crispy pork shank - 10/10 A huge crispy pork shank came out with a ranch and buffalo dressing and a piece of naan bread on the side. Wow!!  The pork was so crispy on the outside and so juicy on the inside that I was able to just pull the bone clean off of the meat. I actually found that the meat itself was so flavorful that I did need or use any of the sauces it came with. All I needed was the naan bread. This is also a huge dish by itself too.Caramel corn and malt balls - 10/10 What a fun dessert!! The scoops of vanilla had a crunchy chocolate coating and the light and airy but sweet popcorn was an interesting play on textures to contrast the cool and creamy vanilla. Sounds simple but it was a delight to eat. Note: we really wanted to try the calamari bruschetta but it wasn't available that day. Apparently, not every dish on the menu is available every day. Every morning, each dish on the menu is made by the chefs to assess the quailty of the ingredients. If they are not up to par, that dish is not served that day. Chef Stephanie Izard is a culinary genius. All of the food was unique, playful and interesting and I am excited to try her other restaurants. The only downside of that evening is that I didn't get to see/meet the chef herself."}, {"review_id": "dvDO6CakxmjDTQIEIfhU_Q", "user_id": "GUQ5Odz0dY_afWUEJOefEA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/3/2018", "text": "Loved it!! We luckily grabbed a 6:45pm reservation the day of for party of 3. We ordered almost everything on the menu and loved every dish. Here's what we ordered:- Chickpea Fritter- Seared Tuna- Mojo Spiced Shrimp- Seared Diver Scallops- Crispy Short Ribs- Wood Oven Roasted Pig Face- Goat Empanadas"}, {"review_id": "6lBVRVJWtK337Wo4VbR9Jg", "user_id": "HQ8GOXvbuqlFSbJaWJAYBQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/31/2018", "text": "Although Girl & the Goat was an experience like no other, it didn't totally live up to the hype for me.The service we received from the waitstaff was outstanding. After telling my server that I didn't like cilantro, she went to the kitchen and marked up every menu item that contained cilantro for me--something that no one has ever done for me before. It definitely made my ordering process a lot easier.However, the food was, in my opinion, a mixed bag that ranged from average to amazing. The Wood Oven Roasted Pig Face, the dish that I had the highest expectations and hopes for, turned out to be quite average. On the other hand, I was blown away by their simpler dishes such as the Sautéd Green Beans (I normally hate green beans and this dish made me love them!) and the Crisp Braised Pork Shank (it was a big 'ole piece of pork with some naan on the side).Overall, Girl & the Goat is an experience that everyone should at least experience--just don't expect the food to fully live up to the praise people have given it."}, {"review_id": "NgDicu1drUmM9VKr-pnetA", "user_id": "nANcgXh1EnOUfeFFhZDn1Q", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/22/2018", "text": "Overhyped or I ordered the wrong things three times. My palette was very confused by this place. Sometimes it was trying to be Asian. Sometimes Mexican. Cocktail was good. Strong. Food:Cauliflower - salty. The sliced jalapeños did nothing for the flavor. The grayed feta was interesting but added little to the dishGoat empanadas - about the only good itemI tried and even so it was 4/5 stars. For 16$ I got two glorified dumpling size empanadas. The meet was delicious though. Chickpea Fritters - this was just off. So many flavors and nothing matched or went well together. Thai mint leaves with some seedless pomegranate seeds. The chickpea were literally 4 chickpeas interspersed. I got the half order of this and thank god.  The half order came with two cheese fritters. It's not as amazing as other people claim.  I remain perplex to the great ratings."}, {"review_id": "EgEVYOXqUQ8xIqgdHjl1QA", "user_id": "pDfL8xt8F8ls0-kQIG_ADg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/18/2018", "text": "Super imaginative family style food. Impeccable service. Lively atmosphere. Cool cocktails. Great for a group or a date night. I can see why G&G is so popular. 4.5 and I'll round up. There were some hits and misses to the dishes, overall I thought there was alot of value since the ingredients were high quality and unique. Pretty much most of their menu is under $20. I was impressed with my cocktail, The Morning Ritual ($12?), it had creyente (fancy) mezcal, ancho chile, coffee bitters, along with vanilla-maple, and lemon. Really complex and unique since it started off spicy and smokey then finished off refreshingly sweet. Their sweet onion brioche ($5) 3/5 with salmon cream creese and pickled relish was solid. Good start of the meal with it's contrast of flavors. BRAISED PORK SHANK ($26) 5/5 - Perfectly cooked with the crisp exterior and fork tender interior. The buttermilk dressing and squash-shiitake  kimchi was interesting. Our waiter told us a cool story about how this dish originated.  DUCK TONGUES ($17) - 4/5 These were interesting crisped pieces of dense meat. The tuna and black bean poke along with the crispy won tons made for a really interesting and contrasting dish. Just a little too salty though. GOAT CARPACCIO ($14) 5/5 - Not gamey at all while the smoked trout provided an interesting texture of salt. ESCARGOT RAVIOLI ($17) 4/5 - The bacon tamarind sauce was an umami bomb. STEAMED MUSSELS ($16) 2/5 - Just too salty for my tastes. The banana squash and perilla (type of mint) was interesting. CARMEL CORN AND MALT BALLS dessert ($11) 6/5! - Blew my mind. It had magic shell. Magic shell over vanilla malt ice cream and popcorn carmel?!?! Sweet, salty, crispy, crunch, smoothy, melty. Everything you want in a dessert. Made a rezzie a month in advance. It's worth a try."}, {"review_id": "Da93Ib86W3JitBxGL7mJZQ", "user_id": "nMM9PhPrnZbETB3e1WmEKA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "So, I think that there is no much left to say about this place; I mean it has more than 7k reviews and basically 5 starts... I just can say the food was delicious and the service was excellent. I have to say (if it is not obvious for you right now) you need a reservation, and I am not talking about 3 days in advance, plan ahead. The food was so good, first the calamari bruschetta, and crisp braised pork shank were just AMAZING, being my favorite without any doubt, the calamari, I could eat that over and over, it was just fantastic! (the pork was also really really good but just not my favorite), the sourdough was also pretty good; although I do have to say that roasted beets were just disappointing, it was not bad but was not what you would expect in this place, I definitely would not get that again. We ordered a bottle of wine to go with the meal and skipped dessert because were pretty full by that time.The service is worth mentioning, since we got there until we left I have zero complaining.  You have to try this place, there is a  (many) reason (s) why it is always on the list of best restaurants in Chicago."}, {"review_id": "cG21DA5BZ-W9chNNbHKxNw", "user_id": "EF9AS4OB1hZ0QUlBEbcmpw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/20/2018", "text": "I have long awaited to try one of Stephanie Izard's restaurants after watching her kill it on all the best cooking shows and WOW this was amazing!  Even on a Tuesday night, the was place was packed with a very long wait so we had to stake out the bar.  These were highly coveted seats and it still took over an hour to snag spots. For 3 of us we had:olive yu(zu) focacciapan fried shishito peppersroasted cauliflowerhamachi crudopan-roasted basscrispy beef short ribswood oven roasted pig face Everything was soooo good!!!!  Melt in your mouth good!  The bread, baked fresh daily across the street at Little Goat Bakery, is a great way to start the meal.  Personal favorites amongst the dishes were crudo and bass.  The only dish I wouldn't order again is the cauliflower - it wasn't bad, but not as exciting as the rest. Of course we had to have dessert.  We ordered the caramel corn & malt balls, and they treated us with a chocolate pavlova says-a-me on the house!  We could not have been happier with the desserts.  Both were outstanding and we happily left with full bellies!  Totally worth the wait and cost"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/girl-and-the-goat-chicago?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]