[[{"review_id": "6A9jWxTgESwI8wr2v59WKA", "user_id": "ANHuhfb85BrXqTyHFWVimw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "Margarita was awesome. Bacon appetizer was good, Shrimp poboy was awesome, fried chicken sandwich was awesome, Mac and cheese was awesome, however, the cole slaw wasn't my favorite. Poboy: shrimp were cooked expertly and seasoned very well, bread was delicious, and the avocado relish was outstanding.Fried chicken sandwich: to quote my wife, \"it was bomb.com\" I tried the aioli that came with it, it was outstanding."}, {"review_id": "fZpfSuZgBaFWeDJ4-8zmMQ", "user_id": "eaRPVRp5AndzvvngFrNgWg", "rating": 2.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Tried The Eagle last night and I was less than impressed. The wait was long so I was placed on a waiting list. Once I received a text, I came to the hostess for my seat. I was greeted by a rude hostess who was dressed like a Las Vegas cocktail waitress. I'm still confused on why she had everything hanging out of her shorts. Her appearance isn't one I would want customers to see prior to a meal. Next we were seated at a penitentiary style table. Yes, I felt like I was in prison. I was seated next to people I don't know. We decided to move to the outdoor bar due to the LOUD music. The music was awfully loud. The outside bar was much nicer. We sat down and were immediately helped. We ordered our drinks and looked at the menu. I ordered fries and my friend ordered chicken. Well 2 mins later, cold chicken arrived at our table.  About 20 mins after the chicken arrived, I was served my fries. Fries were excellent!!Finally we asked for her bill. Well the bartender was already given our credit cards to open our tab. So I was surprised when the bartender asked for our credit cards again due to her being \"confused.\" Well our bills came with my friends name on both. She ended up paying for both meals since it was such a mess. Of course to big surprise, when we looked at the receipt to sign- it had a total strangers name on it.  Ughh- we sat there for a while helping the bartender do her job. Hope I never come back!"}, {"review_id": "jQ_uHc4bayLOSLUNRRyUgg", "user_id": "yR2mo3cJ_bk3bvZZCwI84w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "BEST FRICKEN (fried chicken) EVARR! I live in downtown and it is currently the biggest battle of my life to stay away from this restaurant of goodness.The location is perfect at the beginning of Mass Ave. There is a spacious and extensive inside space and a large beautiful patio attached to an indoor/outdoor bar. The staff is young, courteous, and friendly. The wait for a table is usually around 20-30 minutes, but you can go to the bar or any of the bars close by while you wait. Tables are large and often shared between parties.The fried chicken is awesome, and by awesome, I mean fucnosm. It is usually served with a syrup, and I might just be a purist, but I prefer the chicken without it. I've also tried the fries, spoon bread, grits, mashed potatoes, and the mac and cheese. My go-to is a 1/4th dark meat chicken with a mac and cheese paired with one of their pale ales with a game on in the background. Honestly, you can't go wrong in this place."}, {"review_id": "b-X-YzfjvfQKG05ils4b7w", "user_id": "FAEaX-pvp8xXBLhrh-lwPw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "The perfect spot on Mass Ave to hang out with friends and enjoy dinner.  My daughter and I had a great early dinner on a Saturday evening with outdoor seating.  Seating is family style so we were placed at a large table with another couple.  It was fun to meet them and see their food before we ordered.I had the half Chopped Salad.  It was the perfect size and was very fresh.  The Balsamic dressing was perfect for it.  My daughter ordered the Grilled Cheese...it was the BEST grilled cheese I have ever had!!!  It will definitely be what I order next time.  My mouth is watering just thinking about it.  We also shared an order of fries.  The fries were well-seasoned and came with a  delicious aioli.Service was very good!  The inside can get loud depending on the crowd but still very nice.  Very hip place to be and easily my favorite in the Mass Ave area.  Outside seating a must when warm."}, {"review_id": "41d0v94OM_T5Wg72-xYuDQ", "user_id": "b3-m9Vb-KoSoCuJwNqa9ZQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/23/2018", "text": "If your lookin for some good home style southern cookin then this is your place. We decided to try this place based off the other yelp reviews and it didn't disappoint. Their known for their fried chicken and sweet tea, so of course that's what we ordered! Sweet tea and lemon aid are delicious, little on the sweet end but once the ice melts it's phenomenal. We also ordered the whole chicken to split with white cheddar grits, Mac n cheese and cornbread. All which were amazing. I've never really been a fan of grits but these grits made me reconsider my opinion about grits because these weren't yo mammas grits they have so much flavor to them, I would highly recommend them. Mac n cheese and corn bread were also good. Chicken was also great. Its not a crispy style fried chicken it's more tender, where the meat melts of the bone and melts in your mouth. The best part about it is the sweet and spicy honey they pair it with! Words cannot describe how good that honey was. If you haven't tried this place out, I would recommend doing so!"}, {"review_id": "Ozr0MHN6DCy59-JhRa26UQ", "user_id": "e58XGlG8T4EjkxUnM1ur7w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/3/2018", "text": "The Eagle is the home cooked food of your dreams. I don't think it's possible for them to make bad chicken. I've had their chicken sandwich was amazing and I've also had their half chicken which was to die for. Definitely get the honey sriracha sauce when you get the half chicken as well because it's a spicy sweet slice of heaven. You seriously can't go wrong with getting any of their food. When it comes to their sides you need to get their Mac and cheese. Seriously I require you to get their Mac and cheese when you come here. The bread crumbs and sauce are beyond words. We have also gotten the succotash which was delicious. It consists of lots of veggies and bacon. I also can't recommend the spoon bread enough. I can't only describe it as corn bread because it is so much more than that. It is a bowl of deliciousness that you eat with a spoon. If I had to recommend a meal I would say that you should get some sort of chicken (half chicken, chicken sandwich, etc.) and 2 sides. I would recommend the Mac and cheese and spoon bread. Yes it is lots of carbs but it is worth it."}, {"review_id": "frmDeHZ-SA3Wo0qcZ-oDhg", "user_id": "YEKj6XdpB2Y9szihe3NFrA", "rating": 2.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "Other The Eagle locations get 5 stars from me, so let me tell you why this location doesn't measure up.It is without a doubt the loudest, most annoying restaurant have ever been in. Fortunately, my husband and I ate here immediately after a concert, so we were able to put earplugs in to cut the noise. Yes, it is that painfully loud. I would be very surprised if the people working here aren't experiencing significant hearing damage. Seriously, someone should take a decibel meter here on a Friday or Saturday night. Unbelievable.You'll wait forever for a table, and it appears that all of their tables are communal. I realize that is a larger city approach to seating, but the Eagle locations in Cincinnati and Louisville have private seating, and it's a MUCH improved experience. I've eaten in other restaurants with communal seating  in Chicago without getting irritated. The difference here is that this is a bar, with very drunk, very loud people everywhere. When you're seated at a table with a bunch of guys who are there to drink and party, some of them will break that invisible barrier and talk to you, because you are just right there. I was literally closer to some unknown drunk dude on my left than I was to my husband across the table. And I had the misfortune of trying to shut down some rando's attempts at conversation throughout my dinner.To add insult to injury, the seats are so close together that the people you don't know beside you will be breathing on your food. We ordered a couple of appetizers and sides with our meal, but the main meal came early so we had to pull up a stray chair beside the table just to handle the overflow of plates.The food is still good, which is the only reason why I gave this place 2 stars. I still recommend the CORNBREAD, CORN NUTS and SUCCOTASH, they are all excellent. The FRIED CHICKEN is good, too, but in my opinion none of their main dishes is as good as the sides I just mentioned. Their LEMONADE is house made, and is a delicious next level of tangy. Probably one of my favorite lemonades anywhere.If you're going here primarily to eat, forget it. If you want to talk to your significant other, forget it. It was so loud that my husband and I just ate quickly in silence because we couldn't hear each other and we just wanted this experience to end as quickly as possible.If, on the other hand, you're a social butterfly that wants to drink and meet new people and you don't mind screaming at the top of your lungs just to be heard, this might be the place for you.We were very excited to get an Eagle here in Indy. And maybe there is a time in the afternoon when this place is less crowded and it might be okay. But my recommendation, unfortunately, is to just stay away."}, {"review_id": "m1XGvb34HFOJU7C-g4X-rg", "user_id": "7dpsoMjrsPhUh8zg_2C4BA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/19/2018", "text": "What can I say... that spicy honey changed my life. I wanna smother it over my every meal. Don't get me wrong, everything I've eaten from the Eagle was above par. And everything is served family style so expect leftovers if it's just you and a friend. Chopped salad, exactly how I like my salads: lots o' toppings and a little bit o' lettuce, not the other way around. Succotash, sweet potato crock, spoon bread (more like swoon bread, amirite?), fries (with aioli, try them!), collard greens, and Mac & cheese. All worth the money and the calories, I promise. Fried chicken is obviously bomb, but don't skimp on that honey! I'm telling ya, it's what keeps me coming back. Well, that AND the great service. This place is alwayyyys busy on the weekends, and most evenings as well so there is usually a wait for dinner. Ask for Aaron if you go! He's super helpful and attentive, we love having him as our server when we can. And he may have once or twice even snuck me an extra ramekin of spicy honey to go. ;) Okay, I'll stop rambling on about my honey obsession now. Go try it yourself and you'll see."}, {"review_id": "_BaFcEIM0CJoSV9-WnZKrA", "user_id": "3kUR-8HS_O_aY8OZ5baRnA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "This is probably one of my favorite places on Mass Ave. The atmosphere is laid back and the staff is friendly. The first time I visited we were stuck at a bar rail due to a long wait but last night we got a table. I highly recommend their signature moscow mule. For food, my friend and I split the fried chicken sandwich, fries and mac n cheese. I have absolutely no complaints about the food. It was amazing. Only reason I didn't give 5 stars is that the seating is odd and we were at a table with another couple in somewhat close quarters."}, {"review_id": "RHDOwx1M6r3BTvZ6n_vTlw", "user_id": "jNxKAN9Hvwa30w9oymYt0g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "Very delicious food! It is a smaller place and gets busy fast, however it is totally worth it. Everything we ordered was hot and delicious. The Mac and cheese was very creamy and flavorful. The fried chicken was moist and delicious as well as the shrimp poboy. They are also very reasonably priced and have kids meals for very cheap. The only downfall is they have community seating so you could potentially be eating dinner with strangers. Food wise though, delicious!"}, {"review_id": "91IZsSInYgv4hOatP97sGQ", "user_id": "C2n878JARw3oFV-_bIxGQQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/4/2018", "text": "How have I NOT reviewed this place yet? Let me stick to the stand-outs:Corn nuts - uhhh, YEAH?! Chewy, flavorful, very salty.Pickle plate - we got yellow carrots, we got purple carrots, we got DE-LICIOUS green beans, and we got straight up refreshingly fresh pickle slices!Eagle Iced Tea - I wish there was more of it. Wet your whistle and get loose for your meal.Fried chicken sandwich - Spicy, crunchy, yummy, tender, hot. Dressed with a perfect crispy slaw and zippy fresh pickles. Nom nom nom.Fried chicken - Alright folks, it's the most prominent thing on the menu, in its own shaded box to draw your eyes. The best fried chicken you're going to remember eating. Get messy, get in there!! Mac n' cheese - HO-LY crrrap! Don't order this side to share. Get your own. Save yourself drama and everyone keep to their own skillet. Nobody wants to end the night with a spoon in the eye. Just order the mac n cheese, and order your own."}, {"review_id": "Id07Zs5M2nNUIkSICg5DVA", "user_id": "ViLNgww8jaSTqYu3Be_PgQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "Best Salad in the City!Wait, what? Salad? Though the Eagle is most recognized for its famous fried chicken drizzled in spicy honey, I want to laud one of its healthier dishes: the Chopped Salad.Chopped Salad: Roast chicken and bacon over a bed of fresh greens with corn, green beans, tomatoes, mission figs, and bleu cheese crumbles. Topped with white balsamic vinaigrette. *Insider tip: a 1/2 order is plenty for one!This amazing combination is light on the stomach and a delight to the mouth. Pair it with a side order of mac & cheese, and you are set!Many Indy restaurants pack their salad with high-fat toppings and cream-based dressings to make it delicious. The Eagle offers farm-to-table fresh quality salads tossed with house-made vinaigrettes. In the end, all I can say is Nom, Nom, Nom."}, {"review_id": "zafKbImkabU9Fb7lEHT8tw", "user_id": "6JsEeA-Z-nWl3awrR6n9ZA", "rating": 2.0, "date": "2/1/2018", "text": "Hmmmm....I am actually debating on whether or not to give this place two or three stars.  I liked it, yes, but there were some necessary tweaks that need to be made, in my opinion.Hubby and I arrived and were seated at a communal table.  Apparently all of the tables are communal and you could end up sitting with strangers.  Yay for people with social anxiety disorder!  But, alas, no one was seated with us because they weren't very busy when we went.Hubby and I both ordered the fried chicken.  He had the white meat, and I had the dark.  We also ordered the mac and cheese and biscuits with blackberry preserves.  I also had the $3 glass of iced tea!  Our food came out fast.  Almost too fast.  It wasn't piping hot, but it wasn't cold either.  Made me wonder whether or not it was sitting under a warmer somewhere and not freshly prepared for us.  You just can't fry chicken in that amount of time.The chicken was good, yes.  It had a little bit of a kick to it.  Nothing that would scare anyone away, but it was a nice flavor.  My dark meat portion was significantly smaller than my husband's white meat portion, yet I believe they were the same darn price.  The mac and cheese had to be stirred up as not all of the pasta had been coated in the cheese.  Other than than that, it was good.  The biscuits were average to me.  They were not bad, but nothing out of this world.Back to that $3 glass of tea.  I realize it's Mass Ave, but dang...I had one refill and they don't even offer any cups so that you can take it to go.  Who does that now?  Apparently, they do.One more thing:  The bathrooms.  Creepy.   I realize that going from a darker restaurant into a brightly lit bathroom might come as a shock to the eyes, but the darkness combined with the flickering lights was just off-putting to me.This place had been on my go-to list forever and came highly recommended by several friends.  Our visit was disappointing.  Maybe because they weren't busy, it was kind of an off day for them.  But dang."}, {"review_id": "k0amf3voLXP8lkyBp4ypKQ", "user_id": "xalgcjscRLNPuyaAeKNThA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/10/2018", "text": "The Eagle is well deserving of its 4.5 star average.  I really like this place.  I ordered the knife and fork sloppy joe, and that is no false advertisement, you have to eat it with a knife and fork.  The fries have a unique flavor to them and the corn bread is the best corn bread I had in a while (sorry mom). It has real corn pieces in it. Also, the lemonade and tea tastes fresh. I hear the fried chicken is pretty good. I may have to give it a shoot. Prices here are moderate, but worth it.The bar seems like a nice place to grab a drink, even though I could not partake at the time I was there."}, {"review_id": "tXBt-pECkWlrEe86woeHYQ", "user_id": "dArzYnlZh0gBLjA6YkJeoQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/18/2018", "text": "I was spending a day in town and came here for dinner. We started with the bourbon punch which was delicious. I really liked this drink and it was plenty for the three of us and only $30.We ordered the kale salad, whole fried chicken, cornbread, mac & cheese and coleslaw.  I really enjoyed the chicken, cornbread and mac & cheese. It was really good and the chicken cooked to perfection.We could have done without the kale salad and coleslaw since they weren't good but we had plenty of food so we weren't complaining.If you are in the area then you must come here for the fried chicken its delicious."}, {"review_id": "rU9DEg7kr5FfE6pkBzZHMg", "user_id": "6_oacnOahT1x2a0ic3z3fA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/11/2018", "text": "I love this place.That patio, when it's nice, is great to go to even when you're not having food and just having a few drinks.However, I actually had the food there for the first time the other day and I was just blown away.I went there on a mild-date (maybe, nothing serious) or at least a hang out with someone the other day and we had a lot of fun. We went to the bar, because we didn't want to wait too long. When we went up there, the service was impeccable.Seriously, the best fried chicken sandwich I have ever had. The chicken was moist and perfectly crispy. We also had the brown sugar bacon, which was sticky, but it was incredibly delicious. I was worried that it was going to be super sweet and that I wouldn't be interested. However, my mind was blown.The guy I was with also ordered this appetizer of pickled vegetable and the plating was super cute and came with a variety of different things, such as pickles and carrots. They have a great drink selection and the beer menu is nice, because it's filled with mostly local beers and they keep them rotating. I like that this place has an atmosphere that is welcoming and the menu is simple enough for it to not be overwhelming. I definitely suggest coming here when it's nice so you can go outside and enjoy your dinner and drinks. Every time I have been, the staff has always been great, so you will surely have a good time over here on the corner of Mass and Delaware."}, {"review_id": "cooH8dTU7wQ9IikEwysCTg", "user_id": "Bf0EwkC2bisopNb6I2RSTg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/19/2018", "text": "I don't usually pick fried chicken when there's something else on the menu, but it came so highly recommended at the Eagle that I decided to give it a shot and ordered a quarter chicken's worth of dark meet. It was a fantastic choice; the hot honey that came with it had an impressive kick, and the chicken itself was masterfully crispy.Of course, no fried chicken meal is complete without an array of sides to choose from. I wanted them all, but I settled on the mac and cheese. Sharp, garlicky, and abundant, I couldn't have eaten any more of it, but I sure would have tried if anyone had bought me another pan of it. I also tried the sweet potato crock, and sweet is definitely the operative adjective! They do not go light on those marshmallows, and why should they? Why should anyone?The service was super fast and very friendly. It's a meat-lover's comfort food dream."}, {"review_id": "U7gK2ZXq0W4eBMZR8ZfDWA", "user_id": "BGjZVj1O095ahapchAtjdA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/28/2018", "text": "Classic southern comfort food joint with a modern twist. If I could eat their mac and cheese everyday I would! Same goes for their artichoke dip. And their fried chicken. Oh, and their spoon bread. Basically what I'm saying is that their food is incredible. The atmosphere is fun too! It's not too stuffy nor too casual and you'll be able to find something everyone will enjoy."}, {"review_id": "SZRWfFCTBsBexmWWsym8Zw", "user_id": "2IICjXjdzTQYY38i8aeSMg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/12/2018", "text": "I have dined at The Eagle a lot, but I guess I had forgotten to write a review! I really enjoy this restaurant. The atmosphere is inviting, service is quick, and they have a wide selection of drinks. I have tried a lot on their menu, but I am a huge fan of their Cobb salad and biscuits. The dressing has the best flavor and all the ingredients are very fresh. The biscuits are amazing! I love to put some of the spicy honey on them. I will say that the fried chicken is also delicious! It is perfectly crispy and always fresh.During the warmer months, The Eagle also has an awesome patio. I have spent a lot of time out here and truly love the atmosphere!All in all, I definitely recommend The Eagle for a quality meal on Mass Ave."}, {"review_id": "ugDA17OBUk-fQ3hXMYcBOw", "user_id": "-UTLoE7X7EiXD5Vy_Hmcew", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/13/2018", "text": "Every time I've come here, I've absolutely loved it. As small of their menu may be (food wise) there isn't a single item on it that isn't delicious! My favorites include the fried chicken sandwich with a side of Mac and cheese. Trust me, you will not be disappointed! I'd say The Eagle is hands down one of my favorites spots to eat and have drinks at in Indy. As far as the atmosphere, you really cannot complain. There are two huge U-shaped bars with that fits probably 50 people. As well as many booths and tables. Although the booths are communal seating. Meaning you may sit with a random group or couple. Service is very quick once you're settled into your seat. Food and drink typically takes less than 15 minutes to receive. Waiters and bartenders are friendly and very information about their menu and drinks."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/the-eagle-indianapolis-13?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]