[[{"review_id": "hWjPbeXPO4FJE8SGbaz8yQ", "user_id": "fUguDPcgQ-uDVMUe0G5weA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "Tons of restaurants all over the country are doing really cool things and Milktooth in Indy is no exception. They've only been open for a few years and have received dozens of accolades including being named on the Bon Appetit Hot 10. So of course I made a breakfast stop during my trip to Indianapolis.The space is very eclectic in that hipster-y way but I was into the vibe. It's a former garage turned into a beautifully lit restaurant and everything on the menu sounds drool-worthy. The dishes are an intersection of sweet and savory and unlike your standard brunch fare.When it came to ordering, I started with my preferred coffee beverage - a Latte with House Hazelnut-Cashew Milk. I'm not typically a dairy-free milk person, but this sounded delicious. And it was, the subtle nutty flavor went really well with the espresso.Taking the advice from one of my favorite people to follow on Instagram, @buzz_food, I ordered the Sorghum Glazed Bacon. The bacon was thick cut, which I'm normally not a huge fan of, but it was sticky sweet and delicious. I only slightly missed the crispiness that I'm used to with bacon.Taking my waiter's advice, I ordered the Spanish Manchego & Grapefruit Dutch Baby Pancake. This was insanely delicious. I will be thinking about it for the next few months for sure. The dutch baby was so fluffy and had a layer of slightly melted manchego cheese. It was then topped with shaved brussel sprouts, shallots, hazelnuts, sherry vinaigrette, and of course grapefruit. The flavors worked together beautifully and I kept going back for bite after bite."}, {"review_id": "ZhbIzTH8invxLDAWM5Zisw", "user_id": "1DS_AKht0r6jaRG_-dgD8Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "Some of the best food that I've had in Indy. Please come here if you're from out of town.I came in for the weekend for the playoffs, and have heard of this place before, but never had the time to come.We came here on Sunday, around noon. Wait was about an hour, but wasn't too bad since we just walked around. There's indoor and outdoor seating, and it was so nice out so I'm glad we got an outdoor seat.We split the Latke, savory pancakes and grits. Grits were very flavorful, and the bacon was A++. Definitely get it with the extra toppings. I don't remember the name of the savory pancake, but they combined a bunch of thins that I wouldn't normally think together into some deliciousness! Super heavy on the cheese which was amazing.Their coffee drinks are supposed to be very good here as well, I just had the normal drip coffee.Come!"}, {"review_id": "UWx-yXIhpkrymsstK0YVSw", "user_id": "b3-m9Vb-KoSoCuJwNqa9ZQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/23/2018", "text": "If your looking for an unique breakfast/brunch experience then this is your place. Just be prepared for a wait (thankfully we only had to wait 30mins but locals told us they have waited for like 1 and half) We started off with their espresso while we were waiting for our table. To my surprise, I wasn't a fan of it. It was luke warm and had an odd taste to it, not sure if they added and extract to it to jazzy it up but either way I didn't like it. So Long story short I would recommend to NOT get the espresso.We also ordered the porridge and the ham and cheese croissants both which were amazing! This porridge is not your mommas porridge because this one is jammed packed with flavor. The croissant was perfectly flaky and tender on the inside. You can tell they make the ham in-house and the mustard they pair with it is phenomenal, gives it a more earthy taste which I love. I would recommend these 2 options.  As for other options on the menu, I was expected to find more egg or protein dishes since it is a breakfast and I was quite disappointed to find out there wasn't any options. To me it's not breakfast without eggs so that why this place only got a 3 stars for me because of the coffee and limited options. Also I don't like to eat just straight carbs in the morning and they don't have options for protein dishes so that was bummer too. However, if your not a coffee drinker and you like more unconventional breakfast than this is your place. Just wasn't my cup of tea"}, {"review_id": "f032kBasGB1CUsfNJjWy6Q", "user_id": "WwulXySQN8t2hwqH_yWurA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "Indiana's brunch heartthrob. Featured in tons of magazines, this spot may be what brought you to Indy. The cute, hipster-diner-grunge-1920's-yet-modern vibe is completely unique and special. I enjoy simply being in this space. And then the food comes: There's always a wide range of specialized baked goods at the counter, so always check those out when you walk in (before you get to your table to order). The various herb scones and walnut cinnamon bun have caught my eyes (and then proceeded to my stomach) before. I've tried the maple bacon (thick, perfectly sweet, yet savory), grits (so good, perfect portion size, comes in a cute little pan, and has a broken yolk egg on top), lemon (?) pancakes and specialty drinks. Their menu switches a lot and is always exciting, so even if you've been here once or a hundred times before... it's still time to come back. Brunch awaits."}, {"review_id": "l6wihkwgXHrjSnVwrZFp-Q", "user_id": "7bpfBvFhGvTKxU4WH7yyxw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "Who would think to top a Dutch baby pancake with manchego cheese, Brussel sprouts and grapefruit?  Apparently Milktooth, and a mighty fine idea it was.  This eclectic, new-style diner serves up some of the most imaginative breakfast fare I've seen at (some) communal tables and a breakfast counter.  It's fresh and fun, with delicious food and energetic wait staff.  A must for those looking for something beyond the same old same old."}, {"review_id": "DlmSnNiegvzEmr0JVjXzMg", "user_id": "2LEycRa94ph1f6SeKFz0tQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/4/2018", "text": "Well, this was an interesting spot. My friend and I liked the food and overpriced coffee; however, the overtly/contrived faux-Brooklyn vibe was just too much. From our pretentious and emaciated server, to the bizarre, insanely loud atmospheric music...of which our server refused to lower upon request (claiming the owners wouldn't approve), we could barely stomach it. But the final insult occurred upon using the restroom, where I was greeted by a Robert-Crumb-on-crack montage of utter nonsense, featuring, among other things, a shit-stained diaper (see pic).My advice: Get off your hipster highchair, respect your customers' reasonable requests, and stick to making the great food that got you to where you are now. Good luck!"}, {"review_id": "kbtC8BDwdF3qVHGu0CxdtA", "user_id": "2iS1vg5TYpV_iEiNC8osTg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/3/2018", "text": "This is THE place for foodies to eat in Indianapolis right now.   It's written about in national publications and people travel from all over the country to try the unusual breakfast/brunch creations.And they will have to wait for 2 hours just like the rest of us...I only go in the afternoon (they are open until 3 PM) when the queue has died down (or people have tired of waiting and left).    We (party of 4) only waited 20 minutes the last time we were here.    There's also self-serve coffee to tide you over (you can purchase pastries too).Once you're seated everything is on point.    Service is excellent and the food comes out fast.    Prices are more than reasonable for what you're getting.   And that is a rethinking of an American breakfast.   A vision, if you will.Even the humble donut has been elevated to new heights here."}, {"review_id": "b2o-J1Y49cAb9oAWgHVBfw", "user_id": "sxsHfVBO43iiyYUaVZstuw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/17/2018", "text": "Verdict: A good brunch spot to try new thingsAtmosphere / decor - 4Service - 3Food - 4Location - 3.5Value - 3Overall 3.5We got here an hour before close on Sunday and still had a half hour wait which surprised me. The front deck was open but the heaters were broken so it was cold in the shade. You can order drinks and pastries while waiting so we got tea and coffee. I was immediately disappointed with the fact that they only have orange juice for the mimosas. It was a good mimosa but I thought they would have at least one other juice to mix. The drinks took a little bit of time to come out but it gave us time to decide on food. I am lactose intolerant which usually isn't a problem anywhere but it was difficult here. We got the grits with the works and I asked if it had milk in it. Our waiter said yes so I figured it was mixed in. Then he mentioned that it was ricotta on top that had the dairy but that couldn't be removed or placed in a side bowl. I did try the part without ricotta and it was really flavorful and savory. We also got the ancient grain porridge and asked for dairy free milk (have to ask!). I also enjoyed this, it had unique flavors and was savory and warm. Finally, we got the steak and egg with creamed spinach. I asked about any dairy and the spinach did which was no surprise. He then said the steak and egg were fine but the steak was placed on top of the spinach. When asked if they could put the steak next to the spinach instead of on top of it I was politely declined. I get wanting to have presentation and taste be a certain way but restaurants should be accommodating (the menu says no modifications but usually allergies/intolerances are an acceptable reason to modify in my experience). The steak itself was okay. I thought it was average and not worth $30. My bf said the creamed spinach was really good though. Although the grits and porridge were good, I won't be back considering that only a few things on the menu don't have dairy and no modifications can be made."}, {"review_id": "KDQDAS8cjVEefvc-84cXhA", "user_id": "pD7rL5MWRk_GURxoMYnstg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "This place is probably one of the coolest indie/hipster places I've ever been! Decor was straight out of Architectural Digest (that's a fabulous publication/magazine fyi) - my boyfriend and I stopped by for a coffee on our way out of town. It was absolutely delicious. Can't wait to come back and try the food!!!!"}, {"review_id": "Vik77qcc9_HXjb78OlWABw", "user_id": "DInMeEbEa7UpbCtukVx_9A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "If a greasy spoon and the Michelin Guide produced a child, it'd have bay doors and be named Milktooth."}, {"review_id": "JXPabNXYE6F_qK1R1p_bGA", "user_id": "5OdF_fyUd89fKxn4J4fKWQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/14/2018", "text": "This place is a true gem and a great find for some out- of-towners.  We tried several different things- scrambled egg plate for the kids, red Applachian grits with egg and bacon for me, pecan roll & sorghum bacon to share, and a Dutch baby pancake with Apple for the hubby.  I had an iced coffee drink and we got fresh squeezed OJ for the kids.Everything that we had was absolutely delicious.  Even something as simple as scrambled eggs tasted better here.  The Dutch baby pancake was so light and fluffy and all of the ingredients on each dish worked so well together.  I didn't get a picture of the Dutch Baby because it was nearly gone before I remembered!This place is kid friendly, but if you have picky eaters, it may be a bit of a challenge.  The only reason I didn't rate 5 stars was because after out order was placed, we never saw our server again.  Granted it was very busy, but it would have been nice to be checked on.If we are ever in town again, we will definitely stop again."}, {"review_id": "Ahx7ycFf8uKHlFlPViNVaw", "user_id": "BLzr0uDIUocH1MHEo5DcUA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/24/2018", "text": "Fun, eccentric and delicious!My ode to Milktooth:Quirky and wondrous Boozy brunch with old friendsAncient grain porridge!"}, {"review_id": "TuXUZxhX5aJ3lzkP1vvh9w", "user_id": "0PxnBAgREm3V9pEZqmirQw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/5/2018", "text": "Five of us came here for brunch on a late Friday morning. We were seated pretty much immediately, but I can imagine the wait gets very long on weekends and holidays. We sat at a community table where multiple parties also sat with us. The mismatched tables and chairs go along with all the fun tchotchkes on the bookshelves, upbeat playlist and hilarious bathroom murals.Definitely not your mom-and-pop-owned breakfast diner. However I'd say it's a safe place to get your picky-eater friend to try new things as every item on the menu is some new take on a classic breakfast/lunch meal. Our waiter told us that the menu changes pretty much every day, so it's kind of like a whole new experience every time you go.I really wish I hadn't been the mega-hungover one in my party (just keepin' it honest, folks!) when we came because that definitely kept me from enjoying the amazing items available. But I GUESS that just means I have to come back."}, {"review_id": "09xltTeuk7zAW3lpoGigJg", "user_id": "JGThqXcH7vrWJlvffs4kWQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/22/2018", "text": "Great first time experience here! I went here for Sunday brunch recently to see what all the hype was about. I definitely understand it. Food was delicious! Arrived around 12:30 to a very busy restaurant. Was told our wait would be about an hour. Luckily my boyfriend wasn't sure what to order so we spent most of the time getting suggestions and looking at pictures, while enjoying some coffee beverages. After an hour we were seated at the bar and placed our orders. I heard great things about the grilled cheese dish and my boyfriend settled with the Dutch pancake with apples. We ordered a side of bacon as well. Once the food came out, I dug in and enjoyed every bit of it. The touch of honey on the grilled cheese really brought the flavor together. I loved having the egg on top as well. The bacon - wow. We couldn't even finish all the bacon but I loved it. We both enjoyed our meals. The items on the menu may seem strange to a first timer, but trust that you will be satisfied with anything, so give it a shot. I would love to come back to try more. I gave it 4 out of 5 only because I need to try more before giving it the title of \"best brunch in Indy\", but I was definitely impressed with what I had!"}, {"review_id": "md2RyNIBLpqmdk0P_lGo9w", "user_id": "166UbOJrdphNsTReO5g_8Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/28/2018", "text": "For the record, if I could give Milktooth more than five stars, I would. Tip: Go hungry, EARLY. The earlier you arrive, the better. If not, you are going to have a wait. Get the pecan sticky bun. I have dreams about it. Sweet dreams. Sticky sweet dreams. Get the Dutch baby. Sweet or savory. It doesn't matter. Actually, I cant go on naming all the things you should get. Try everything. You're not going to go wrong no matter what you pick. This place is golden."}, {"review_id": "3lIJqHKiV6VSQIA0q0L8TA", "user_id": "GmQR50bIII7gDNRYEgfXfA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/13/2017", "text": "I'm from SoCal and have been to very, very hipster places (including PDX), but Milktooth might actually take the cake. It's in a converted seven-bay garage and is influenced by all types of cultures - Spanish on the wall directing you to the bathroom, traditional Jewish cuisine with a twist as well as miso soup on the menu) But, I really enjoyed it even though we waited a little over an hour. We had the: *potato & rutabaga latke (acorn squash butter, green harissa cream, scallion) - this was SO good. I don't think I've ever had a latke, but it was tasty. Not too oily. The flavors will the butter, cream and scallion were perfect. *cranberry walnut & geneva & raclette grilled cheese (black truffle honey, local sunny duck egg) - Whew, I'm glad I shared this dish because it was very heavy. Extremely delicious but if I ate the entire grilled cheese myself, I'd definitely fall into a food coma. *indiana hot chicken wings (dried chiles & crystal sauce, bleu cheese dressing, carrot & celery slaw) - this was SERIOUS business. I've had seriously hot nashville chicken, but damn this was SO spicy. I loved it though!The only thing I didn't love was the camellia drink I had (apple, matcha, pistachio and steamed milk). It was grainy from the pistachio maybe? and just an interesting but not that tasty combination of flavors. Also, a small cup was $6!!! Ridiculous."}, {"review_id": "qiIi4TJx-Hkti_ikkF0WZw", "user_id": "pCYbVhLZNaVqsvMwo5B_2Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/20/2018", "text": "Words cannot express how amazing this place is. I almost don't even know why I'm writing a review because what else can possibly be said?! If you live in the state of Indiana and you have not been to Milktooth - GET WITH THE PROGRAM. What's holding you back? The countless amazing reviews? The countless awards? Milktooth literally made it onto a reputable list of top new restaurants IN THE WORLD. Google it. So, I had the grilled cheese. Sounds simple and boring, right? Nope. If it were legal, I would seriously consider marrying this thing. It is, hands down, in my top 5 favorite meals EVER. And I love food. I've had lots and lots of food. It's just THAT good. Salty and sweet is my absolute favorite combination, and this meal nails that directly on the head. It's fabulous beyond words. The bacon. What to say about the bacon? ALSO AMAZING! It's so thick, and it's covered in this sweet sorghum glaze, and it's the perrrrrrfect consistency/texture, and I just love it. It's basically a huge chunk of salty/sweet meat. Get in my belly. The coffee is also superb. Lots of breakfast places serve-up burned coffee simply because it has been sitting in a pot all day. Not cool. I can't say that I'm a huuuuge fan of the layout, though. I despise communal eating, and some tables are definitely meant to accommodate multiple parties. This isn't NYC. I'd like to disgustingly devour my bacon meat chunk in solidarity and peace. Tip 1) Know that Milktooth is not cheap. My meal (without the bacon and coffee included) was $16, at the time. Whoa! But it's worth it. Tip 2) Expect a wait. Even with only 2 people in my party, I've never gotten in without at least a 30 minute wait. But again, it's worth it. Tip 3) Order a pastry and some coffee while you wait! Just head on inside to the counter, and order up. With all of that being said, I heart Milktooth."}, {"review_id": "s_qDzakE28rFntLmbwM-VA", "user_id": "3x69a8OGyReKirigOk8Nww", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "This is such a unique brunch spot. I went in and was immediately concerned with what I would order because I didn't know what anything was on the menu. I love that they have tinker coffee too! I decided to go with the lemon poppy seed waffle with the candied pecans on top and it was an amazing choice. I will definitely be looking forward to my next trip. Especially when it is warm enough to sit outside!"}, {"review_id": "wKo_SMpSAmMJp6tJHlQI4A", "user_id": "TvcvSou_ATV1wxcAjMmE6g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/8/2018", "text": "Worth the hype? YES! I loved my first experience at Milktooth! Why didn't I come here sooner??? You need to start off with the endless drip coffee. You had me at endless drip, but it's also Tinker Street coffee *swoons.* The bakery items ALL look amazing but we settled with the cinnamon roll. SO GOOD!Everyone enjoyed their food choices (see pictures). The quality and flavors of the food were outstanding. The service was very attentive. Our coffee and water glasses were always full. We came on a Sunday morning and were seated right away. The food came out very quickly as well. It was overall a great experience and I will most definitely be back!Oh and the drink menu...one of everything please!"}, {"review_id": "SbWG6rjyrb7NWgUXaKT6hg", "user_id": "lOvk1wk9CAqD_aF3pXKdlw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/28/2018", "text": "Word to the wise, early bird gets the worm. If you want to go to milktooth you have to beat the morning breakfast crowd. One of the most popular restaurants in Indy. I have been multiple times but only gotten to eat half the time because of the wait. What to do while you're waiting? Go for the Bloody Mary and add the charcuterie stick! It's pricey but one of the best bloodys you will ever have!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/milktooth-indianapolis?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]