[[{"review_id": "2tylImmFOg-8xVAqN9wNSw", "user_id": "xCOoicoiJUGOUL1nR1bzPw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/13/2018", "text": "Five stars for Club Soda!  Stopped in for date night on a Saturday evening around 8PM. Thankfully, we had made a reservation so we got seated right away! The ambiance is definitely romantic and cozy. Dim lighting, candle lit tables and white linens. I love the exposed brick and somewhat shabby chic feel of the restaurant. Our waitress was fantastic! She took great care of us and was super friendly. She walked us through the menus, answered all of our questions and offered great suggestions. We were able to take our time with each course and she made us feel comfortable the entire time! We started off with a few cocktails. I ordered a cucumber mint gimlet which was light and refreshing, just what I wanted. We came in during Savor FW one of us got a regular entrée and the other the Savor menu. This way we got an appetizer and dessert, without totally overeating! For the appetizer we got the smoke gouda dip. Holy wow...the dip with fresh pita chips. So good! For my entrée I got the Salmon with blue cheese served with mash cauliflower. Everything tasted high quality; Super fresh and flavorful. I had no complaints! Then for the grand finale we got the lemon berry bassette for dessert. It was light and fruity, which is different from what I normally lean towards but extremely tasty. Overall fantastic experience and I will definitely return!"}, {"review_id": "hlIw3tewSDXlRSKJ-e1cDw", "user_id": "YSbLC56cW-WEZUNxYtq3Ug", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/19/2018", "text": "Nice place, on the pricey side for what you get but the food was good and the service was excellent."}, {"review_id": "OEFv6q1fCeg4GuKJ9lT5sw", "user_id": "1GE6oD7FP7McB8AI41h15Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/9/2017", "text": "This is a jazz restaurant that isn't always playing jazz while open. I asked before I came what the dress code was. They said business casual. I dress up a little and people were wearing jeans. So, not business casual.My wife and I came in with two friends for our first time. We had reservations for 5PM and the place was pretty much dead. I am not sure if it was dead because of spring break weekend just starting or if it is always pretty dead at 5PM. The waitress said that the live music didn't start till 9PM. My friends order a duck egg roll appetizer and shared it with me. It was good, but I wouldn't order it. I wouldn't say it was amazing. I ordered the Filet Mignon, which was an 8oz piece of meat priced at $38.(Read further down in the review for why I mentioned the price.) I ordered it Medium Well and was satisfied with the delivered temperature. The steak was very good. I had been waiting to have a good Filet Mignon after our local Outback served me two that weren't as advertised. The bread that they serve the table was pretty good as well as the side salad. I had a risotto of the day side with the steak, which was good, but I wish I had tried some other side. I gave the five star review based on my experience. My friend below probably would have given it one star.My wife had the Salmon, which was very good. One of our friends had the duck, which she said was good. My other friend had the Bone-in Ribeye, which was listed as $48 on menu and 20oz. He ordered it Medium Rare, but it was served Well Done. He said the steak was good though, and was going to eat it, but the waitress heard him and offered to quickly replace it with a new steak. The new steak came out about ten minutes later. He cut into it and it was very rare. It looked gross to me. The fat wasn't cooked. He ate it, yuck. He got the bill and saw his steak cost $52. Did they charge an extra $4 replace his decent but wrong temperature steak with a gross steak? I told him my steak only cost $38 and was delicious. Haha!Our friends ordered quite a bit of mixed drinks and they raved about the taste of the drinks. One of the drinks one of the friends had a few of was a dirty martini. He said it was the best he had ever had. He said he couldn't even make them at home as good.I will return here. I felt the food was really good. I look forward to some of the other dishes, but would definitely go for the Filet Mignon again."}, {"review_id": "KtJbV-YQ4ijj56OCrvSgbQ", "user_id": "5atV5SRlf0XKmbOD-mROLg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "6/29/2016", "text": "We'd heard of this restaurant and wanted to try it out, so decided to have a date night here.  We made reservations through Open Table and arrived 30 minutes early.  They were able to seat us right away.The hostesses were all very nice.  We were seated upstairs.  I liked the decor of the restaurant.  For a lack of better words, I felt it was very downtown-ish, which is not a bad thing at all.For starters, I ordered the shrimp cocktail on the advice of a friend.  I was told that the horseradish-cocktail sauce it comes with was spectacular.  My friend was not kidding, it was surprisingly good and the shrimp were a good size.  I also ordered the chocolate kiss martini.  It was delicious.  For my main meal, I head the bone-in rib-eye with blue cheese and garlic mashed potatoes.  Probably the best steak I've had in Fort Wayne.  It was cooked perfectly (medium) and the taste was out of this world.  One of the best steaks I have had in general.  My wife had the filet with peppercorn crust and it was equally as good.  She also had the loaded baked potato, which she said was probably the best one she's had.  We skipped dessert due to being too full.  The reason I gave this 4 stars instead of 5 was because the menu was limited.  There wasn't a huge selection to choose from.  But with that said, the restaurant looks nice, the staff was friendly, and the food was great so it was well worth visiting.   We will be back!"}, {"review_id": "m_G5T2mQy9kE50_yAJDmBg", "user_id": "rqLAvxh2pZbvMI-pwjTmZA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/26/2017", "text": "Impeccable Service. Inspired Food. Quality Music. At Club Soda I can count on the quality of service and food I receive at the top restaurants around the world, say a St. Elmo's for locals, with a classy but certainly laid back fun atmosphere. They have two lovely outdoor areas including a fun upstairs patio which is great for enjoying a large dinner, before heading downstairs for the evening's musical act and cocktails.I am very thankful to have found a location where the servers, bartenders, and hosts understand the lost art of quality customer service. It is truly a time-capsule in this regard. Too many locations focus on rushing guests in and out, that is not my experience here. The servers are very friendly, conversational, and completely knowledgable about the menu. Courses are timed perfectly which I am greatly appreciative for. Even in many of the nicest establishments, timing courses is a thing of the past most servers at these types of establishments have no idea what it means to time dishes perfectly, here it goes without saying. Customer service and old-style manners need not be difficult, but it has largely been lost to time, but not here at Club Soda.While I have had many great dishes here, I recommend a classic the Filet Mignon with blue cheese and a peppercorn crust. I like my Filet cooked rare and it is truly rare to be able to be able to trust an establishment to get this right and get it right every time. The wine list has something for everyone. I like high quality Pinot Noir and Cabernet's when I dine out and many places fall short, not here, they have a wine list curated specifically for the menu with lighter and cheaper options all the way to the big reds someone such as myself throughly wishes to have to enjoy an evening on the town.If you do stop by I have not found a server who does not meet the top standards in the industry. I have had the pleasure to be served twice by Jason and I highly recommend his service. Last but not least, if you can save room for the desert, you want the warm Oatmeal Cookie sandwich with cream and carmel, enjoy!"}, {"review_id": "G56RZ-ztR98kjfNVd0hrEA", "user_id": "VVP0Q7LaCoSbej51pHYhZA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "1/7/2018", "text": "I'm not really sure why they get such decent reviews. I'm sure it's because the  competition  in Fort Wayne is Don Halls. They are trying g hard to be something they can't. Things as simple as making the same salad for 4 people at a table look the same and taste the same.  Cooking a steak should also not be hard... But it is for them. I have 3 stars because  it was clean and kinds 5 neat inside. Good luck"}, {"review_id": "o-hzq-t6-rzMxyujLCyZRg", "user_id": "0FxnVlhuO4uIL9QK3TlLsA", "rating": 2.0, "date": "4/23/2017", "text": "At first I debated how many stars to leave for Club Soda, but eventually settled on two since Yelp defines three as \"A-ok\", which this establishment definitely is not.  After trying them out a few times I can honestly say I never left feeling anything was A-ok.Let's start with the food.  Totally nothing special at best, and barely able to choke down at worst.  There is absolutely nothing distinctive or special about any of the several entrees we've tried at Club Soda.  It's like bar food, basically.  Think Chili's, if Chili's was all pretentious.  \"Meh\" (two stars) sums it up pretty well.  Both the menu and the preparation have zero imagination.  Now let's talk service.  It sucks, basically.  The last time we were there for lunch they had one waiter to handle like nine tables, plus the bar.  We saw him occasionally, as in almost never.  Whoever manages this restaurant is clearly not on premises, simply isn't paying attention or for some reason doesn't care.  Service is rotten.  We've had more attentive service at Taco Bell.After three or four visits (can't remember which, because none of them were very memorable) we will definitely not be returning to Club Soda.  And after writing this brief review and recalling the blatant mediocrity of this place, I'm almost tempted to leave one star.  One and half would be perfect, as it's right between \"eek! methinks not!\" and \"meh.  I've experienced better\" - both of which are true.  On the positive side, just thinking about dining at Club Soda is a fairly good appetite suppressant."}, {"review_id": "-vDoENUzM4IWxrBy16ulrw", "user_id": "RgXZfcYH8ik2NkUmfZB6vQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "7/7/2017", "text": "We came here with another couple for dinner. We showed up on time for our 7pm reservation and so did everyone else! We were seated and the waitress came over to take drink orders fairly quickly. I asked what the year of the Silveroak was and this turned into a 20 minute ordeal. She said she had to go into basement to see the age of the bottle. She was seated like 5 other tables at the same time as us and then it started to pour rain (which is typical for this climate). She then started to help the other tables outside get out of the rain? I can sum up my 3 star review at this point-Club Soda- HIRE MORE STAFF! You need like a table boy/girl to refill water wipe tables down if it rains, check the age of a $100bottle of wine we are trying to buy. Also you need to train your staff on your expensive wine you are trying to sell! She was clueless!!Finally after 20 minutes of no drinks and waiting she brought up the 2012 silveroak which I knew was young but I just wanted a freaking drink and with a bottle wouldn't run out of liquor for a while (it was too young but drinkable). Once I said ok and everyone ordered their drinks it was another 10mins to get the bottle opened and others drinks out. So 30mins on drinks!! Food was ok.  My duck confit was overdone and gamey. The $50 steak at the table was ok. We made better steak at home a few nights before. The salmon wasn't even passable as fresh. The only good dish was the wallaby fish. The waitress was nice and comped the appetizers which weren't really note worthy because no one really liked their food. It took us 3 hours to dine with them. Luckily these are old friends and we had a lot of catching up to do so the 3 hours went fast but bottom line is if I am in Fort Wayne again I would try another restaurant before I go back. It was too expensive for the service we received and quality of food."}, {"review_id": "lamIoK4yr2i-9idJH2GDXg", "user_id": "zWGj3oOA_X8QPho_l5BRKg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/23/2016", "text": "Nice little place just east of Downtown. The main things I enjoyed:1. The music is on one side of the place separated by a doorway with some tables on the other side. That's great if you want to be able to have a conversation.2. The waitress put up with a lot of s**t from me - not that I was trying to be difficult, but I'm not really into hard liquor. So I have a few favorites and she tried to get the bartender to make them for me (w/o success). When the third attempt failed, she just made a suggestion from the bartender. Thanks and sorry.3. Plenty of parking behind the building and I left my car there overnight. It was still there in the morning. Cool. :)The things I didn't as much enjoy:1. Obviously it would be nice if they had a few more items to make the drinks I wanted. Haha.2. They did close a little early, so that was a little bit of a bummer.3. It was cold in there!I didn't eat the food, so can't comment on that. And I'd agree with some of the other reviewers that it is a little pricey. I mean, we are in FW, right?"}, {"review_id": "-yJe_H2HcJKdfnXybe18Pw", "user_id": "rxiYKI40S7UunZMP1P0ltQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "8/17/2017", "text": "Food was mediocre, nothing special.  Service was just ok...nice guy though.I really love the building!"}, {"review_id": "WVHTBxY5jJJPr6cM1LWq3g", "user_id": "futDXh8l1YJO0LLrlyzbcA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/24/2016", "text": "Hands down best restaurant in Fort Wayne! Amazing food! Amazing drinks! Amazing staff! And the atmosphere is just what you would want it to be! Not one of those pop up trendy restaurants!  This is a restaurant that knows how to please a classy, high end consumer, and does it well. I have been coming here for years and every time I leave so happy! This is a great date restaurant, just tell the host when you make the reservation so you get a good table! They are so great about being accommodating!! Can not say enough good things!!"}, {"review_id": "5ALCo4fv4C4yRtPgoJr8pg", "user_id": "wiBlu3XXBhQ1HO6lpG5tWg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/9/2016", "text": "Smoked Gouda dip! A wonderful juicy steak with the oscar top (crab, asparagus, and hollandaise sauce). They have a wonderful wine list but they are a martini bar and boy do they know how to shake those bad boys up. Go on Thursday through Saturday and they have the jazz band playing."}, {"review_id": "4KWjQEcHgTMDFf1a1HhrIQ", "user_id": "rNg65WPNW0QdgYlxEPW1qQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/21/2017", "text": "Delicious steak and good drinks. It's not quite classy in my eyes and it is pricey. I would recommend just going in for drinks if you don't want to spend much on dinner. Oh... and it was too noisy. Wait staff is great."}, {"review_id": "wk3OdVPik408sQ4rqjXGMw", "user_id": "t-RpNfOjBaQaM4zgDQJJwg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "7/31/2017", "text": "I was part of wonderful business dinner at CS with a party of six on 7/27/17.  First, I want to address parking, which was free and no problem at all.  This was on a Thursday and we had a 5:30pm reservation.  The gate to the parking lot was open when I arrived and departed and there were plenty of spots open within a short distance of the entrance.  I like the atmosphere of CS, which I would call rustic urban (think urban loft style with exposed brick walls).  Service was prompt and food was delicious.  We shared multiple appetizers and all were terrific.  We ordered a variety of steak and seafood entrees and they were all delicious and prepared as ordered.  We split three deserts between the table and our server brought (comped) a fourth (she said it was her favorite and wanted us to try it) and they were all terrific.  The restaurant was not crowded and noise level was low so we could easily carry on social and business conversation even with the exposed floors and hard surfaces.  I was at Eddie Merlot's the night before for a very similar business dinner and the food at CS was just as good and the service here was better than EM's. All in all, it was a very enjoyable evening at Club Soda and I will definitely go back."}, {"review_id": "RzDVPSV8k0FZJz_2gI-HHQ", "user_id": "hDjbMZsm4NVcM0ZqQB96gw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "10/21/2017", "text": "We have been going to Club Soda for years, and have always considered it one of our favorite restaurants. However, last Saturday night we took a party of 6 and were very, very disappointed. The menu had changed and the food was mediocre. The service was less than stellar as well. For some obscure reason, they removed the stuffed chicken breast and replace it with a horrible chicken, mushroom dish. Our guests were unimpressed with their choices as well. Our all time favorite dessert, the oatmeal cookie, was served stone cold...the \"a la mode\" ice cream was the same temperature as the cookie. What is happening to this wonderful restaurant? We noticed that most of the servers that have served us in the past, were MIA. There are a lot of great restaurants in Ft. Wayne so I strongly suggest the management takes a moment to pause and reflect and remember the old adage, \"if it ain't broke...don't fix it\"."}, {"review_id": "WMT5zXNDOdkpImaEMg3Aag", "user_id": "gCOR18qD7X3w-3F8BphPdQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/24/2016", "text": "This place is so good for lunch. When we came my husband got the club sandwich and I got the deli trio. They have a great selection and an awesome drink menu (get the strawberry haze). The outside seating area is shaded and large. Our server was wonderful and was very attentive to our needs."}, {"review_id": "rrGKybrWJu2tEyE3if9EmA", "user_id": "qzhEQYKvCYxoo9lrgdTkeg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/4/2016", "text": "Last Saturday I had a very great time at club soda . My 25th class reunion was there it was great . The atmosphere and people were wonderful . The staff was right on it .we were close to the patio area so we could still see out side . We had a fresh salad green beans mash potatoes a choice of chicken of prime rib .. I will definitely go back and continue to enjoy club soda. They have a patio area that overlooks downtown. And the lemon drop martinis were  to die for .. Can't wait to take my next girls trip there or date.."}, {"review_id": "b8ECOiW-1U6fVydzhPIdHw", "user_id": "2CavVFHAdVypv0ORRdRAZA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "6/15/2016", "text": "Want to be part of the IN crowd? Judgemental a bit? Then this place could be for you! Mixed drinks, sodas , pricey foods and much much more. Very stuffy crowd unless you're from the IN crowd :) Rich folks come here, social climbers, and those who think they are rich or try to act it anyway come here!!! And it's all the same to me. Put your nose up at me please do it again! and again! You will have that here! I like the food, very fancy indeed. They have a good shrimp and an outside area to eat so you can sweat deez nuts off in the summer and much much more! I love it here very good yes very good indeed!"}, {"review_id": "LZJzsB8mnlXVBbObqlsxLA", "user_id": "nLVh9PtqRgEsYr3KFl22Og", "rating": 4.0, "date": "7/25/2015", "text": "I was on a strict diet during my visit. So I decided to get a salad. It wasn't my first time here but it took awhile to get our food. Smoked Gouda dip is always a classic. However, the salad was extremely small for the price. Not worth the price at all! Great drinks though!"}, {"review_id": "S1g0MRmYrAmm3x_06yQVLg", "user_id": "mN5iklorsGghLKdDjj0fig", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/29/2016", "text": "Service was awesome, my server did a wonderful job. She was attentive but not overbearing. My apps were delightful the Calamari is now getting my vote for best in town. The Rib-eye with the green beans was delicious. The Halibut I had was over cooked and dry, but the polenta with peppers and Kale was sooooooo good. I mean that polenta is the best of ever had. The martinis are to die for here as well. This place is pricey, but it's worth it. Would have been 5 stars but damn that fish was dry. That being said, this was my 5th-6th time here. I most defiantly will be back."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/club-soda-fort-wayne?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]