[[{"review_id": "ayLV9UFI7uw_Yy6cOoT1ng", "user_id": "IH8YaBMDKYAlGWfdsuaVGQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/3/2018", "text": "I love Locally Grown Gardens...it is nice and warm in the winter for coffee and pie, sitting next to the wood burning stove.  During the summer you can step outside and bask in the sun while you enjoy the fresh air (and more pie!).  I haven't had a chance to try their food menu but I really want to soon. The people and the atmosphere of this place just has a nice vibe... the owner is a good guy. I always leave in a good mood!"}, {"review_id": "fQ_ztaF1WsQRe_3ew9txrg", "user_id": "8OHoyl-r0TW851Z6kbdOMA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/12/2018", "text": "I will cut or shall I say slice to the point on this review.  I visit Locally Grown Gardens for one thing and one thing only.   The Sugar Cream Pie.   Last Thanksgiving I wanted just a slice and they were out of slices but they did have a whole pie that had not been picked up by a customer after their pick up time that was about 7 hours past so I was able to purchase the WHOLE pie.   I enjoyed that pie over the entire break and promised myself that I would never buy another whole pie because the temptation to not eat a couple of slices in one sitting is just too much temptation for me.  I did share the pie with family but let me tell you it was hard to not think about hiding the whole pie and not share.  Shhh don't tell but I did hide a few pieces.  Unlike the super sweet over the top versions in the store or other places I have tried sugar cream pie, LGG offers a just perfect sweetness combination in a flaky crust that makes my taste buds happy.  They do not offer a bunch of fluff on the pie either...just pie and that suits me just beautifully and does not distract from the good flavor.Ok enough about the pie.   Other cool parts about LGG.It's on the Monon.  This is how I discovered it on my usual biking venture from Nora down to Broad Ripple.  Ride or walk to LGG and have a treat.The decor is a bit eclectic and shabby chic?  There is a cute sitting area that offers plenty of sun which is great during the summer months.So why spend my hard earned money on a slice of pie?  Besides being dang gone good, the staff is always friendly and up for a chat.  I like that I never felt rushed and was able to browse what they have to offer without feeling like I am a bother.  You know how some small shops can be.  Either too pushy and bothersome or uppity if you do not purchase 1000 things in one transaction. Maybe one day I will venture outside of my Sugar Cream Pie affair and try something different, but there is something to be said about being faithful to just one too!"}, {"review_id": "q56d5l0AAJpI1Ytiya-0yA", "user_id": "3z1_BfMr63EnM60N6AfQCA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/10/2018", "text": "I think a lot of people made up their mind to give this place five stars before they even tasted anything.    It's got that hipster/rustic/artisan look  that makes everybody horny nowadays.     Nothing wrong with that but I'm strictly interested in the food.I got a slice of Sugar Cream pie and Apple pie.   Sugar cream was the winner but neither was especially outstanding.   As far as I am concerned, Apple pie needs to be warm and served with a scoop of ice cream...since this slice had neither of those attributes I can only give it 3 Stars.   Sugar cream pie was better but was also served plain.   Need to dress that up with some homemade whipped cream and a dash of nutmeg.    In summary, it was good not great.   I think some of the orgasmic reviews are a little dramatic."}, {"review_id": "zcYSDlLAZbjI8Ikh7kGQfw", "user_id": "n3mY0s7iVrLPlpTTMideKA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "This neighborhood shop is the best! The coffee is my favorite in the whole city, ask where they keep the fresh whole cream- it's delightful and decadent to add it to coffee. The sugar creme pie -OMG. I now know why it's Indiana's state pie. Love the blaring reggae music and French country vibe. A true gem in SoBro."}, {"review_id": "JnOA604hYAR5N-5-8SyXdw", "user_id": "Tq81Pwvjv0Oizm34e01m0g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "8/30/2017", "text": "Did someone say PIE?!?! Yes, Locally Grown Gardens whips up the most decadent pies. When they're baking you'll smell the sweet aroma upon walking in the store stocked with local in season produce/fruits, dinnerware you can buy, and a case of cold drinks. A hoosier favorite amongst all is their sugar cream pie! Like creme brûlée in a pie form, just slightly caramelized on top, the flaky buttery crust is to die for. The apple pie had plenty of apples, slightly tart, but the glaze melded perfectly with the cinnamon. The first time we had these to go, it was a tad mangled in the to go box. Still tasty nonetheless. We swung by Sunday around brunch time to grab a piece of peach pie to eat there. The cashier rung us up and I paid $3.75 for a piece of pie. He said he'll find and bring it out to us on their patio. Fifteen minutes passed. I thought, they must've ran out out and are baking a new one. Twenty minutes later, my husband walks back in to check. The cashier forgot right when we seated ourselves. Really? I think everyone must've been in a daze Sunday. So the pie finally came, but my husband brought it out to us. It was still warm and loaded with peaches on their perfect flaky pie crust."}, {"review_id": "ELuqw0lJ0F-CINLZecilVA", "user_id": "ehDuaLuGGzQRlhxSMk8R3Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/4/2017", "text": "My my we loved those sweet blueberry and sugar cream pies!My boy and I were walking along the Monon and passed Locally Grown Gardens on our way out to walk. On our way back, it felt wrong passing it twice, so we decided to have dinner outside. We l-o-v-e-d it for three simple reasons: #1 It's just cute! Farmhouse, fixed upper esk, Chip and Joanna Gaines would feel right at home. You get some French countryside feels since they sell beautiful French kitchen ware and fresh seasonal produce. #2 The FOOD! I ordered half a bird, and it was tender and juicy throughout. I don't recall one dry bite of that chicken. In terms of flavor, however, I wish I would've gotten the salmon. I got a few bites and everything on the plate worked together so well. The salmon glaze and the mustard vingerette slaw tasted nice separately, but after I had a couple bites together I couldn't forget that tangy flavor. It was lick your plate good salmon and slaw.#3 The location! Eating at Locally Grown Gardens in warm weather is like having a picnic where everything is prepared for you. The bench seating outside next to the Monon lets you watch our community pass by as you eat fresh food.  The reasons might be simple, but they are pretty essential to a nice meal. LGG get 5/5 on ambiance, food, and location. My only 4-star rating is that their hours are kinda hard to find. That could be more my error, but I wish they were communicated better."}, {"review_id": "iEaxUDM-2tc8Ug2oNWV98g", "user_id": "Tz5e7gECywDHvi7VJtQjsw", "rating": 1.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "I was so excited to get a slice of the sugar cream pie but unfortunately it wasn't ready yet. I was about to order something else until I noticed that the \"house cat\" in the display on top of the counter licking itself. Sorry that was disappointing to see."}, {"review_id": "eLS98SRVUBwCK_3FrFc3Og", "user_id": "aP3GeJVUUqhHTPGLj_9lmg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "6/1/2017", "text": "Great place for locally grown lite meals. Sit outside. And, go home with plants to grow your own produce. We bought mums here during the fall, tomato plants in the spring. It is what it is - a local garden -don't expect out of season produce!The people here are friendly and helpful. It is also a bike friendly stop while on the Monon Trail."}, {"review_id": "jeZSqa1y7GsTtLZxloyB3w", "user_id": "RvmxuL6KkAaPeexCRm8ljw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/19/2017", "text": "Oh how I love LGG...let me count the ways!1. Open year round. Colder months-have some pie and coffee, and maybe an open face BBQ brisket. Warmer months-enjoy a uber sweet peach shake-up, made with real Georgia peaches.2. Location: the corner of 54th and the Monon and nestled between several quaint, local businesses. In the warmer months, the area is hoppin with mamas and their strollers, runners, power walkers, cyclists, and dog walkers. A prime people (and pup)-watching spot! 3. SUGAR CREAM PIE. Case closed. 4. The owner is the sweetest and kindest and most humble business owner I have yet to meet. He once gave my friends and I several slices of pie, on the house...and I've seen him do that for other customers as well-out of pure generosity. 5. Last but not least, it's local! One the best local establishments in SoBro-or quite possibly Indy, if I may be so bold. I could ramble on and on about why I adore this place, but don't take my word for it-come see for yourself!"}, {"review_id": "2aaKDQ6Cou8LVYkchO3NjA", "user_id": "bRvmX6WTsdI0KIbKZVpx5g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/2/2017", "text": "Love this little shop! I was passing it while walking from the Dancing Donut to the Monon Trail. They had so many pumpkins of so many colors, shapes, sizes. I bought 3 pumpkins (2 very small and 1 small/medium) and spent about $8. There were plenty of other vegetables in stock. The shop seems to be open year round. I also noticed some baked goods and dishes that may have been for sale. The woman working was very friendly and asked questions to get to know me as a customer. She was also willing to ask my many questions. I haven't been able to make it to an actual orchard this season, but this was a close second. The shop itself was very well decorated and sale items were placed in a visually appealing way. I will definitely stop here again in the future if I am to be in the area."}, {"review_id": "hU1_c3Ja5gnbBFbjzmNxCA", "user_id": "wRvGJ0PQ_I4ICJzCcVP2uw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/25/2018", "text": "They have delicious food. I enjoy the salmon, slaw, and their pulled pork sandwiches. It is a very cool spot with some healthy, tasty options. They don't always cook, so call first or you could be disappointed."}, {"review_id": "-pCTAcXykDjfPjGWXgILEg", "user_id": "Lta4gndbbE4QKWbMn6Fmvw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/26/2017", "text": "While driving through Indianapolis,  I was searching for a panera and mildly disappointed by negative reviews in the area. This place showed along with other delis and I just went that's the one.  I don't know why or how yet I knew we were gonna like this one.  This eclectic and unique front caught us off guard while driving through Indianapolis neighborhoods. My mom refused to get out of the car.  Mistaken the place for a used bookstore. This one will be a revisit if we ever find ourselves driving through Indiana. They sold interesting utensils and plates along with locally farmed veggies abd fruit. The wall behind the counter revealed the few choices of plates that were available that day.  So we did the most sensible thing and ordered all three dishes. Chef operated and owned, they said. I say that is an understatement. Every morsel was devoured. BBQ brisket sandwich had pounds of sweet, soft, juicy meat on top of a single french brioche type bread. Chicken was moist inside crispy on the outer shell. Salmon was moist and cooked beautifully. The coleslaw complemented all the dishes.  The best part? Each dish were $10-15. That's unheard of for this level of quality in Chicago. Indiana, you surprised me GOOD!"}, {"review_id": "LyqGdrK6lLIbGwmbikocSg", "user_id": "nOVc7zZwqVPVRcjC24iyjQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/4/2016", "text": "My brother in law was visiting and trying Hoosier pie was at the top of his list! Reading about the great pies here, we decided to try their selection. Unfortunately, were out of individual pie pieces by evening and had a 2 day wait for whole pie orders (around thanksgiving time). We ordered a Hoosier pie (sweet cream pie) and it was delicious! Subtle sweetness with a great crust - for a good cost too! We also got a slice of pumpkin pie when we picked up our whole pie. They have a cute seating area with a lot of produce and crockery for sale.The pumpkin pie slice was served to us kinda melted, almost like mush. The server apologized and said it \"fell apart\" - odd because he didn't just grab another slice for us and served us an aesthetically non-pleasing pie. None the less, it was tasty. Definitely a must try for pies."}, {"review_id": "Jpzjf6dzwxfrBPTcVxfTtQ", "user_id": "voILDh_p2YsjBT4wavMSIQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "12/3/2017", "text": "We came to try the sugarcream pie, with high expectations, due to many of the reviews, however, we were highly disappointed. The pie was warm, which was nice. But it tasted like nothing more than whipped up sugar. It was overly sweet. There really was no taste to it except sugary sweetness. The pictures show entre meals, however, this is not a real restaurant. You order and then seat yourself in a limited seating area. Not necessarily a good place to go to for a date. The merchandise is very expensive. They have some nice and exotic items, but I feel over priced. Don't set your expectations too high. Then you won't be disappointed."}, {"review_id": "lUQ3sfG-tBHgUGlBI2OrsA", "user_id": "5isALx5RtvA8A_GvQQavTg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/8/2016", "text": "Local. Fresh. Urban. All things that I love. Don't even think about leaving this place if you haven't tried their sugar cream pie either; it's a must! This is a great place, similar to Wildwood in Fountain Square with local products and produce, but this place has a lot more items to eat from the kitchen. It's a nice little stop off of the Monon and not far from other restaurants in the SoBro area. A definite must!"}, {"review_id": "wf1VlZd2Qj-p5qLYQjdnIQ", "user_id": "sWl-MmUeZsIsccorFuw-1A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "6/18/2017", "text": "Great ambiance indoor and outdoor. Beautiful kitchen cookware throughout the restaurant. I appreciated the small back dining area filled with all sort of cook books. I would fail not to mention the freshly grown beautiful and scrumptious veggies for sale. Very elegant, eclectic and rustic. The staff and owner were very kind, attentive and helpful. Very pleasant calming to be around.The Salmon and salad was fantastic. Seasoned well with ginger and spice and everything nice. The apple pie was freshly made and just what was needed to complete the tasteful, yet healthy meal.  It is a must to visit and I will make it my regular weekend or day stop."}, {"review_id": "uqfiktbSoU-wijjXy0GUKA", "user_id": "g8XfUZiuZxicqAjxSVWukQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/11/2017", "text": "I feel like this lovely repurposed garage/barbecue/market is an under appreciated gem in the Indy restaurant scene. The location makes for a perfect walking or biking destination since it's right by the Monon trail. The little market area always has the most beautiful in-season produce, but you can also find things like local honey here. The barbecue pulled pork is to die for, really love their sauce. We also tried their ginger slaw when we visited this spring, which doesn't photo well but was so deliciously crunchy. Love the positive vibe, reggae music, and customer service with a smile. But keep your fork: There's pie! Pretty much the best in the city, rotating seasonally for fruited pies. I had the peach pie last year, and the apple is always fantastic. Food portions are suitable for sharing, so make sure you leave room for one of Indy's best desserts!"}, {"review_id": "jCzaqiD8Ej3oCcrr9ZLegw", "user_id": "nQejfoYC27AZSIBiOMR_7Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/13/2016", "text": "Three words: Sugar Cream Pie. Locally Grown Gardens is a cute little market/bakery located on 54th Street. Customers can order off of their seasonal menu for lunch and dinner. Sometimes they have grilled salmon, pulled pork, and chicken along with cole slaw and baby greens. A lot of the other menu items are seasonal, including their tomato plate, market salad, and certain pies and drinks. But back to the main point: PIE! My oh my, that sugar cream pie sure is fine. You NEED to try it. Even if you aren't a pie person, TRY IT!My only complaint: when I tried ordering 2 pies ahead of time, they were never certain as to when the oven would be ready. I ended up having to place my order a week later. Tip: they are not opened on Mondays or Sundays."}, {"review_id": "Et4SaeOor-cXPlUNSVHp1w", "user_id": "bNnBwW5kNO77KTgMeVhxKg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/10/2017", "text": "This spot is such a SoBro gem. Fresh-baked pie in a picture perfect setting-is there anything better?! I'll go ahead and tell you: there is not. I love the cheerful music, the friendly service, and the adorable environment. I come here for pie with friends, I've been here for dinner and enjoyed the salmon and tomato/mozzarella plate, and I frequently pick up whole pies when I am expecting guests. I've never been disappointed. This place is amazing."}, {"review_id": "y0wwP7GGZ1sI3WpQweBFXw", "user_id": "pHBa2P8aSaisQFwTjniPBA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/22/2017", "text": "I have been driving/biking/walking by Locally Grown Gardens for years. Occasionally dropping in for a soda or a lemon shake up, but I've never eaten a meal there.I did last night and do not regret it at all.I ordered the salmon filet with the cole slaw and the rosemary mustard vinaigrette. Salmon was cooked perfectly, and a huge heaping of cole slaw. I am very picky about cole slaw as there are a lot of inferior slaws out there. But this was top notch. My dining partner ordered the hog roast. The portion for the hog roast is HUGE and probably should be split by two people. It had a little too much BBQ sauce smothered on it but was still delicious and does not merit taking a star off for it.There were a variety of pies available, but I wanted to try the ice cream place across the street.Some other random observations:For those who have never been, there is a wide variety of sodas, bottled lemonade, and sparking waters available. Regular water is available in the Bell jars for dine-in customers.There are pies, but I did not try one as I was saving room for the ice cream place across the street.There is produce available as well as a variety of honeys, maple syrups, spices, silverware and cutting knives, etc....LGC has posted hours, however dine-in food hours and the menu will vary depending on when the chef (who I presume to be the owner) is available and what ingredients he has to work with. I would recommend calling ahead if you plan on dining in, or taking a brisk walk to Broad Ripple or the surrounding businesses for alternatives if the chef isn't in."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/locally-grown-gardens-indianapolis?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]