[[{"review_id": "GzQca2kC6kkxGqJp4RqH4g", "user_id": "_TTtQ9TcfvfhMx87LrxEyw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "SO GOOD! It's a little fancy so pull out your best attire! Just kidding, you could totally wear something casual and be fine, but it really is a fancy restaurant! With that being said, the waitress was super nice and not snooty (something you might expect from a typical fancier place.) I had the bacon wrapped meatloaf which was delicious with the zesty bbq sauce. The green beans were tender and mashed potatoes were incredible. I had a bite of the crab Rangoon dip and YUM. Highly recommend. The parking situation is rare in downtown Des Moines. They have a parking lot right next to the building for customers, so no paying meters or parking garages. I can't wait to go back and try their highly-reviewed brunch!"}, {"review_id": "CXuwhtP5LaBb8_Jzjfi8qQ", "user_id": "DcWCEg-Othu7kaGP85tI-Q", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "Sunday night $6 burger special is a good deal. Sides of fries were tasty & generous!  A friend's coleslaw had a ginger taste and won't be ordered again. My Rise & Shine burger had great stuff going for it:  bacon, cheese, and a perfectly cooked egg. My medium well request was over cooked and a dry well done. Hubby's Americana burger had too much tomato jam but came with a pile of tasty onion straws on it. His medium rare was exactly that!Waitress was great. Very attentive and helpful. Our group of ten was seated quickly.PS. Check in offer is no longer honored."}, {"review_id": "EEAGeM5-DAYvEgkYWdfkWw", "user_id": "88AY14XGwGbLAjxsTs1E1Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/7/2018", "text": "Americana is a mid scale restaurant that's in a great location. Just overlooking the Pappajohn Sculpture Park. The restaurant is 2 levels with an old stylized looking tiled floor and ceiling but still looking modern with the furnishing. It's a space big enough for larger parties so make sure you reserve if that's your case. Where this place shines is the Saturday and Sunday Brunch Buffet, the food is great with an option for unlimited Mimosas or Bloody Mary. They can get really busy though so expect possible wait time for seating and line for the buffet if you arrive during the busy hours. Try to come early to avoid all of the madness and you will have your table for as long as you like. After you're so full and uncomfortable, walk it out a little with a stroll around the sculpture park.Outside of brunch it's still a pretty good dining experience. It's very casual so if you're wanting a more intimate night you might not get that here. The last time I was there, we had group of really loud young drunk folks that kind of ruined the night. The building is pretty open so sound carries throughout the building. I had the Ribeye there before and it was delicious, a little more done than I requested but I'm okay with it. I definitely recommend this place to anyone, especially for their brunch."}, {"review_id": "kFfdzlW5DpqkENAJtGqFlg", "user_id": "rYm98Hksn7800esYYHFZnQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/20/2018", "text": "Great selection of food! Service is equally awesome. I love the vibes here! There's an upstairs and a downstairs eating area, which makes it great for groups. Every Sunday is $6 burger Sunday and every Monday night is $13 all you can eat fried chicken! With a Yelp check in, you get a free dessert! I almost always get the creme brûlée and it never disappoints! They also have a 1/3 off of your lunch bill if you work downtown.I love their dinner but their brunch is what they're mostly known for. All you can eat with the bombshell option which includes bottomless mimosas and bloody Mary's that you customize yourself. I need to come back more often! Easily a downtown fave."}, {"review_id": "HXJp7EPU5lZdd3Xe_S2ftQ", "user_id": "zyoQ2SN_NmVrwuJbapIeSg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/17/2018", "text": "We made reservations for a 12:30 brunch and was seated shortly after arriving.Waiter Matt explained the brunch process as there are multiple food stations. One station was cook to order grilled cheese. The kitchen area had multiple breakfast options (cheese eggs, hash browns, french toast sticks, pancakes, etc). There was fresh fruit station. Creamy macaroni and cheese! Soups, chicken strips and mash potato bar.  To top it off they have an unlimited mimosa and bloody mary bar! They also offer a cocktail menu. My girls elected a pancake shot (Jameson with a orange juice, butter shot tracer with a slice of bacon).The food was fresh and delicious. Drinks were amazing. The environment was a little noisy. It was great for an occasional treat but too pricey for a regular eatery."}, {"review_id": "vUZgcbnBjPhrwh83Tl04Xg", "user_id": "IMYZYtOsoQKD4CRgL4DXuA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/5/2018", "text": "I have been to Americana both for Happy Hour and Dinner and had a great experience both times! For happy hour I was there on a Friday and enjoyed their champagne cocktails as well as truffle fries. My friend and I sat at the bar and had great service, loved the drinks, and could not eat the fries quickly enough. Definitely a great spot to hit up and their happy hour deals are worthwhile. For dinner my fiancé and I went there for a Friday date night. We made a reservation and were seated immediately upstairs when we arrived. The service at our table was quick and we immediately ordered cocktails and an appetizer while we looked over the menu to pick our dinner. I ordered the truffle fries as an appetizer because they were so amazing previously and they did not disappoint! I had the Loaded Mac N Cheese with bacon on the side. Adam ordered the Short Rib Pot Pie for his meal and topped it with my bacon. We both loved our entrees. Mine was super rich so Adam helped with the last few bites. We were too full for dessert but really enjoyed the experience, had great service and the food was excellent. We will definitely keep it on the short list for future special occasions!"}, {"review_id": "SRoEKeS8SBlV3hWHRTreNQ", "user_id": "mYLbFb4ApMxRO20sK-EBGQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/2/2018", "text": "I loved the modern look of Americana the minute we walked in. We were seated on the second floor which had a more intimate feel than the first. The menu featured steak and burgers plus some fancy appetizers. They also had a good variety of salad options. I had the spinach and strawberry salad which was very good and filling. My husband had the Burger Americana which was a good size. His fries were delicious (I stole some). Our server was friendly and attentive. The place seemed to be managed well and we didn't have any issues."}, {"review_id": "374GPLPoaybGQnq0i61zAQ", "user_id": "KvZDkmhyptcfxGfKAqLpZA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "Americana's brunch has been hyped to me for years. We have never been able to go without being told there would be an hour wait so we never go. We finally made a reservation for brunch and it lived up to its hype. For $30 you get access to brunch buffet and endless mimosas and Bloody Marys. The food was really good. They have a grilled cheese station, taco bar, etc. Pretty much everything you need. We drank and ate to our hearts content. I wish I could have eaten at least another plate. The alcohol fills you up pretty quick. Definitely will be back again!"}, {"review_id": "nTqUewQ9xpb5ihFsy3336A", "user_id": "XZsNv6NmYsqILpxM3gz5MQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "This is a great spot downtown next to the sculpture park. I ordered the Roasted Chicken - Airline Chicken Breast, Parmesan Cream Sauce, White Cheddar Mash, and Lemon Gremolata Green Beans. Everything tasted great, the service was good, and it's a nice casual atmosphere."}, {"review_id": "YROwpvbpls9gjACE2Zdssg", "user_id": "9r2Cb5pYoahW7rurbDD63w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/13/2018", "text": "Best brunch outside of Las Vegas.Price is Right for all you get. Add the all you can drink mimosa and Bloody Mary bar."}, {"review_id": "-Dnqok3Biuq0B6XNVfX94g", "user_id": "qgWRRU1-mCl3-1DUu0C7pQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "Visited here on a road trip from Austin to Chicago.  The restaurant is housed in one of the original Chrysler dealerships with a beautiful ceiling, original floors and iron work.  We had a prime rib and a short rib pot pie that were outstanding.  I needn't say more.They made an excellent Manhattan and other drinks, and our server, Caleigh, was friendly, informative and fantastic.  Great service!"}, {"review_id": "YxkUUMHMqb03xOlWiEKvxQ", "user_id": "FYFhZ8i4T0saO0G9FV4wzw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/16/2018", "text": "Visited from out of town and received a lot of recommendations to try this place. The location is amazing!! Before and after dinner we took a walk through the sculpture park. We came on a Friday, which is their Champagne Friday's. Half off bottles of champagne and $4 champagne cocktails. We took advantage of both and enjoyed everything! We were eager to try appetizers and shareable plates, so we did not order any entrees. All the shareable plates were fantastic, I've attached photos of our favorites though. We loved the Thai tacos, crab Rangoon dip, spinach salad, lamb skewers, and seared ahi tuna. There was 4 of us, so for a few of the shareable plates we ordered 2 of each. The service was friendly and the ambiance was trendy."}, {"review_id": "La6GDkAXbjNyk8ohGYRNqQ", "user_id": "b6-RGtSxeNFkpWC4SnAdfQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/1/2018", "text": "Have to give this place five stars.Service is excellent, food is excellent. This is the level of restaurant you'd expect to find in a large metropolitan area at twice the price. I had the NY Strip and while it was a choice cut it was really perfectly cooked and perfectly prepared for $34.00. The wedge salad was probably the. EST wedge salad I've ever had."}, {"review_id": "pa-po-qpd6WuYTMkfVu4Gg", "user_id": "wclVetoFJ5nZx3o0Vm5a2Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "10/15/2017", "text": "We were visiting Des Moines and when we asked about what to do on a Sunday, it was recommended that we start the day with brunch, and the Americana was mentioned as an excellent option.  I looked it up online and checked the Yelp reviews and it looked pretty terrific with some standard and also some unique brunch choices.I tried scheduling a reservation which was highly recommended, but it didn't show anything available until 3pm online, but we decided to try to get in anyway.  We arrived at 10:30am and was told that there was a table, but there was a party coming with a reservation at 12:30 so as long as we could be out in two hours it would work.  No problem and we got right in :)There is seating on the first floor, but most seating was on the second floor and you take fair narrow stairs up and down to get to the buffet.  Not a problem, but something to consider if you have kids or people less mobile since you are also trying to carry food and drinks up and down as well.There is a map (I am including a picture), and things are in sections.  Bloody Mary and Mimosa stations are against the stairs.  They bring you the glass with the vodka or sparkling wine, and you add your juices, and extras.  Good selection and I tried both and was happy.  There is a Grilled Cheese station where they will make you on of several concoctions, or you can build your own.  Order that first and then head to get other things.  Better use of time :)There is a room that had 2 types of soup, garlic mashed potatoes and lots of toppings for a build you own mashed potato bar (try the garlic shallot butter...seriously tasty!), and a build your own soft taco bar (amazing carnitas!!).  Very small salad section, some fruit and a handful of desserts round out that section.The main breakfast Staples section is actually in the kitchen which felt weird and cool at the same time!  Excellent and varied choices, from the standard scrambled eggs and breakfast meats, pancakes etc, but they also had brisket hash (spicy!), Macaroni with cheese with a corkscrew pasta and really nice light and flavorful sauce, an orzo salad that had red onion and feta, and some homemade chicken tenders and honey mustard that I fell in love with!  They had biscuits and gravy which I adore, but while the biscuits were light and fluffy, the gravy was very runny.  Flavor-wise it was good, but really needed to be thicker.  It basically just wanted to run all over the plate which is a problem in a buffet as it really affects the other food on the plate.The service was good, and the atmosphere is very nice.  It was $30 for the buffet and endless Bloody Mary's and Mimosas.  Not bad for all you get :). We would come back, but make sure you are hungry to get to try everything you want :)"}, {"review_id": "403nhBsFEIt5obaHy9buww", "user_id": "3nsOsDpy1u3BWLJmmi3zTg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/19/2018", "text": "We went at 10am for brunch on St. Patrick's Day and had a lot of fun! There is a large assortment of food and it was all delish. Only downfall is the hot food line was about a 15 minute wait so plan accordingly and don't show up super hungry like I did"}, {"review_id": "Jd7y7xicAY5oMN2wptLtbw", "user_id": "VuUp3XNKWcFefoQWWCNx4g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/26/2018", "text": "One of my favorites in Des Moines. Best Brunch, possibly ever. I'll go for the  mimosa bar and Mac and cheese alone. Long lines, yes, reservations are a must and make them early, but it's worth it!"}, {"review_id": "oFUWhNO5mPTm9q0QZNDPUA", "user_id": "YPXKkIjZXy2r8yXYpP1GhQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "came there on.a Sunday morning without a reservation but they still accommodated us...from the get go our server was helpful.(Vivette)All of the brunch food was.excellent, the tomato bisque was top drawer.The bloody Mary bar and mimosas station was a.great addition to our meal...dont forget to get your grilled cheese sandwich custom made.Great experience...will be coming back...the vibe and atmosphere was.a bonus."}, {"review_id": "k9YvdIj8y4eItA7_sY_42w", "user_id": "8j_g5iy_pKiJgohWtXLzVA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/9/2017", "text": "In the area traveling on business and I have to admit I was surprised and lucky to have stumbled upon this spot located downtown Des Moines IA. Thanks to Yelp, my coworker and I decided to come here for dinner on a Monday night and to my surprise it was very busy for a weekday night. The decor is true Americana. They did a really good job mixing the old \"vintage\" with the new \"modern\" and blending all these cool artifacts of American culture. We snagged a seat at the bar which the bartender was great! He patiently guided us through the menu and pointed out all his favorites. I started off with hummus plate as my appetizer. The house hummus was very good! It paired nicely with the seasoned pita bread and pickled red onions along with other fresh veggies!  I had the house wedge salad that was crisp and fresh! It was dressed perfectly! For my main entrée I went with the 10oz grilled sirloin with white cheddar mash and grilled asparagus. The steak was cooked okay wasn't the most tender however it was seasoned perfectly! Finished off the meal with the flourless dark chocolate torte that was really good. I have to admit it was one of the most decadent and rich desserts I've ever had. The fruit that's served with the torte provided a nice balance by breaking up all the richness. I took a star off because this place is freaking cold inside or at least at the bar so bring a jacket. If I'm in town again Americana makes the short list!"}, {"review_id": "Vp_6RnTywFV_9YeWmzICzA", "user_id": "ppmAQcZOiyyPOUDQemzHLw", "rating": 1.0, "date": "3/26/2018", "text": "Worst waitress (Hallie) I've encountered in my entire life. After being seated for about 20 minutes, another waitress had to end up taking our orders, because she was nowhere to be found. We ordered the Monday fried chicken special, and Hallie did not check to see if we needed anymore fried chicken. Fried chicken was hard like cardboard too. We had to ask for the bills, and it also took her 10 minutes to get us our bills. Probably will not go back to Americana anymore. Worst experience ever."}, {"review_id": "9f25iHDTiqcn821uk4VqBw", "user_id": "Et3jIJp8RZe9S5pLU-ywxA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "The staff at Americana was awesome to work with to celebrate my wife's 40th birthday! Reservations for the 12 of us were easy to set up, and they checked in again with us a day before just to be sure all their info was correct. We arrived about 15 minutes early, and it was already set up and waiting for us.The drinks and food were very good. They had a Champagne Fridays going on featuring champagne cocktails, so several of those were enjoyed by the group. Bubbling Betty was judged to be the best. The guys found the Salesman to be our favorite. All the food was outstanding. Highlights were the prime rib, loaded mac-n-cheese, and the loaded rib-eye. The staff during our meal was attentive, friendly, and did a great job taking care of us.Overall we had a great time, and would highly recommend!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/americana-des-moines?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]