[[{"review_id": "5fU3FWWL3u_N9toC3Vo9kg", "user_id": "U9OsHSVs0w8B0Ir47mtVQg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "After three weekend long trips to Kansas City and have eaten the best 15 bbq joints in town, I'll go on record as saying SLAPS is the best. They are the closest thing to eating competition barbecue in a restaurant. While there are lines at more famous spots around town, there is no better ribs, brisket, burnt ends, sausage or pulled pork to be found in greater KC. These guys bring competition mentality to every piece of meat that hits the smoker.You are likely to have the owner clearing the table, or his mom at the register and the pitmaster will gladly talk smoke, hold temps, smoke temps and the install of their new equipment. The old offset smoker is on the back patio now. Best ribs, best burnt ends, best brisket i've ever had in Kansas City over the last three years. Get the potato casserole, grab a hush puppy and I won't even mention the burnt end taco they made on Cinco De Mayo. Crazy delish with true KC flavor. I love this place and I'd drive back 600 miles to eat there again sooner than later. One additional thought on the ribs. They cook em fast and hot and that gives a tender smoke kissed rib without the bark. That leaves a rib that doesnt fall of the bone or have you smelling of smoke all day. Just a sweet and tender rib with a good bite and rib flavor. No sauce needed, but I love their house sauce, so Ill dip a little."}, {"review_id": "s1uu6bJ9eBYI7_pL3rl9Ww", "user_id": "g-cGhCYwQ0azyPqNBbT1nA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "Came here expecting a lot and left with mixed feelings.Wife and I each got the 3 ribs and burnt end combo and split the fried pickles.  I had the cheesy corn and the baked potato casserole for my sides.  The ribs were the best we had all week.  The baked potato casserole was also fantastic.  Fried pickles were good.  The disappointing part was the cheesy corn and the burnt ends.  The cheesy corn was a bit gritty and amazingly the cheese had no flavor whatsoever.  The burnt ends were really inconsistent with some being good and others being too chewy.  Some of them also had a strange aftertaste, almost like lighter fluid.Think I would go back but would definitely shift up what I would get.  There are some amazing items and some items that would be happy to never eat again in my life."}, {"review_id": "kUdn8RrEe3hMr7lxsgmqCg", "user_id": "FXM1iPOOJ2a_K55jv__wtA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "This review will be white noise, but I have to talk about it at least a little. I was in Kansas City for a conference, and I had eaten at several of the famous KC places downtown, and my buddy, a trained chef, had eaten at the ones I hadn't. We were both disappointed in all of them. They were supper chic, most had cloth napkins and felt like trendy fast casual joints. The food was okay, but not anything we couldn't have found around the Atlanta area where we live.Now, I need to clarify, I'm from north Alabama. I grew up in Decatur eating Big Bob Gibsons from the age of 8. I still consider their bbq potatoes to be one of the most perfectly composed foods of all time, even after eating all around the world. Basically every other new restaurant in north Alabama is a bbq joint, and most are pretty good. I love 306 in Athens, AL, where I've had ribs better than any other I've had anywhere. I went loyally to Dreamland in Tuscaloosa back when it was a shack when my dad and I would pick my brother up from University of Alabama. So I go into bbq restaurants with some lofty notions of what bbq should be: deliciously smoked meat that doesn't require sauce, but with sauces that can add new dimensions. Most of what I ate in KC depended on the sauce. It was like a friend's backyard bbq in a trendy setting with some cleverly named sauces. I was determined that KC bbq had to be better than that.Then I went to Yelp to find a hole-in-the-wall bbq joint that would make me respect KC bbq. I found Slap's. My buddy and I jumped in an Uber from downtown KC, crossed the state line, and found ourselves at what I now consider to be the Mecca of KC bbq. These guys are legit (please do not read this in Guy Fieri's voice... please). They were out of burnt ends, but they had jalapeno sausage, chicken, and pork, which I got with beans and hush puppies. All of it was excellent. You could taste the smoke, you could taste the meat, and the sauces were on the side as they are supposed to be. When I mentioned where I was from, they brought out their own version of a white sauce, which was different but great. They spoke well of Big Bob's team, which made me like them even more, because some people talk smack regardless of the restaurant full of trophies (yeah, they brag on themselves like that... but they did earn it!) back in Decatur, AL. I left from here with the most exquisite meat sweats I've had outside north Alabama. If I'm ever back in KC, and I would like to be because it was a delightful town, I will be back to Slap's, and if I hear that their traveling team will be near me I'll head there to find them."}, {"review_id": "K9BMT3Y39_HoQwk1PQqaZQ", "user_id": "gNkmQPOhOQA5dAu6a9EwgQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/7/2018", "text": "Hidden Gem! Without Yelp I would've never discovered Slap's because literally no one I know mentions it when BBQ is brought up. I don't know why, because it's fantastic.From the moment I opened the front door I knew I was getting myself into something good. The aroma  alone was about to send me into a food coma. Everything I saw others eating looked amazing (from sausage m, to ribs, to the sides).We got the burnt ends plate. Comes with two sides, bread, and pickles. The meat was tender and tasty. We enjoyed the cheesy corn and bacon-infused Mac n cheese. They have two kinds of bbq sauce available, one is sweet like a honey bbq and the other is savory. Both good.Seating was limited inside so we had to eat outside in the cold but luckily they have space heaters and a plastic covered balcony area so it wasn't bad.Benefits of Slap's over the other bbq joints in town include no tips, no huge line (at least when we went at 5pm on a Friday there wasn't), and discovering a new bbq restaurant to get excited about. Thanks Slap's!"}, {"review_id": "mKYb-Ftxo4eaFFygDUyvaQ", "user_id": "uR38K6lQHWijHIJuvUFevg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/11/2018", "text": "Slap's does quality BBQ in a town that is known for BBQ.I am sad that I don't live closer to Slap's and I don't have frequent occasion to stop by.  When Mrs. R and I are in the area, I do like to suggest slipping off the interstate onto Central and picking up some BBQ, and it does satisfy.Slap's does BBQ as a good place should -- everything starts anew every day, and when they run out, they run out.  We've rolled up too late a couple of times just to have some folks in the parking lot tell us they are out.  On our recent visit, I had a brisket sandwich and fries, as well as some cheesy corn.  Brisket sandwich was great, and the crispy fries were the perfect accompaniment, as well as functioning perfectly as a BBQ sauce to mouth delivery system.  I'm glad to see that Slaps added additional seating within the last couple of years, so more folks can come in to eat rather than fight over tables in the small dining room.  Now their next step is to open a second branch closer to my home."}, {"review_id": "6mezUa_chaYPDZ_aJWrpYw", "user_id": "cmrWZobk7ApxVyncFephQg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "Excellent! Food is amazing and the people behind the counter were SO friendly and helpful! It was my first time here and they walked me through all of their favourites, didn't rush me at all. I love that they give you plenty of pickles. Portions are huge of everything. I ordered a plate with brisket,burnt ends, and sausage. All 3 were great but I loved this style of sausage. Got the potato bake and mac n cheese-both were tasty and large amounts. The Mac n cheese is nice and creamy. Sauces were different-one is really sweet, which I like, the other has red pepper flakes. Nice and spicy, delicious combined. Look forward to returning soon!"}, {"review_id": "v5WDwVV-TEHudYxrA1CCpw", "user_id": "zjzXsrBrY_4_-NneSvvReg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/7/2018", "text": "I am not a huge meat eater, so I usually judge a BBQ place on their side options. Slap's is a 5 star because not only were their Burnt End's delicious, they offered multiple side options: Mac & Cheese, Cheesy Corn, Baked Potato Casserole, French Fries, Baked Beans, Onion Rings, and more! I only had a chance to try the Mac & Cheese and Cheesy Corn, and I was impressed. Excited to come back and try the ribs and sausage I was eyeing over the counter, and to try more of their endless side options!"}, {"review_id": "LcA1cDS4HH7bmrpu09mDWg", "user_id": "ceMqWz4gwZvxJTRaJbRorQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/23/2018", "text": "Convenient location right off I-70. Rather small seating area inside but they have a heated patio as well.  The servers were accommodating and nice.  Everything from the burnt ends to the ribs were good.  The ribs had a bit of pull which I like and the brisket was especially good as we're the burnt ends.  Price was reasonable ($15 bucks) for the burnt end plate- comes with three meats.  On the downside I wasn't impressed with the sauce.  The sweet was too sweet and the hot was pretty blah, but overall, good BBQ.  As a side not, the beans were just average and I did not like the cheesy corn at all.  The Mac and cheese was wonderful though."}, {"review_id": "RjDIRD7Z7096XeFx-uYgnA", "user_id": "WHqJA3KlqPm-qVqCIP4_HA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "Great bbq place, the food wasn't drenched in sauce like other places. The meat was super tender and fall off the bone. The sides were to die for, highly recommend the hush puppies as one side. Perfect sauce selection, all you need is two. One was sweet and other was savory/lightly spicy. Both amazing"}, {"review_id": "6CAV5DRoBU5XDxkzxFFLhA", "user_id": "JtpZw-NLL5m6BNjd0LPQVQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/27/2017", "text": "Definitely my go to BBQ place when I visit my parents in Kansas City. Every time I come here the service is amazing and fast. The employees there are the kindest people.First time I went I ordered the burnt end plate and the owner himself made my plate. He gave me extra meat and made sure he gave me good pieces. The second time I went in I forgot to order my mom's side of the potato casserole and they gave it to me on the house. They definitely provide exceptional hospitality. It just makes it better that the food is just as good. As far as sides I've had almost all of them-mac and cheese-baked beans-cheesy corn-potato casserole -hush puppies All delicious but I can never not get the potato casserole when I come. For my meats I've had -ribs-pulled pork-burnt ends-jalapeño cheddar sausageOmg I have nothing negative to say. I love the burnt ends here. They are hands down the best I've had. So juicy and smokey *droool* the sausage is also one of my favorites here.The plates are more than enough food and I can never finish them. Definitely give this place a try if you ever want good bbq in this area. Fast, affordable, and delicious!"}, {"review_id": "3WalHfckmoVDKtX7OMRv-A", "user_id": "FnObzdzxUyTJql_3NlBtXQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/3/2018", "text": "That Slap's hot bbq sauce is pure gold, I put that S**** on everything, (sauce what did you think I mean) it is one of the best sweet / heat barbecue sauces around and it does not hurt that they sell smoked meats so you have something to do with the sauce.        I over eat every time I go to Slaps, sometimes and if I cannot decide what to get I just panic and get the sample plate and add burnt ends. For an order like that I need both the sweet and hot sauce as all that meat glory needs both. You are talking Brisket, Turkey, Pork, sausage and burnt ends that is just perfection plus have awesome sides to eat with this meal, how does one cope. One bite at a time!       To me the burnt ends are where it's at, the first thing I ever had was the 3 bones and burnt ends and boy was that magical, you know a place is special if you can remember you first time and how good it was. I cannot think of a bad sandwich and I am struggling to decide on a favorite:  is it the southern comfort, a pulled pork with coleslaw and I usually get the amazing hot BBQ sauce with it, the bun has a nice sweet finish; or maybe the Mike Johnson is amazing being brisket and Jalapeno sausage that is held together with the rare white BBQ sauce on a pretzel bun, yeah its pretty much exactly as awesome as it sounds. The sandwiches are pretty filling but you always have room for these hush puppies and you want them, thrust me on that one.       Lots of people rave about the burnt ends sandwich, I have never had it opting usually for the burnt end combo instead, but i can vouch for the burnt ends. Those babies are the perfect mix of juiciness and full flavor, not excessively fatty nor lean but the perfect blend. The meat platters are great they come with sides my favorites are the cheesy corn and the potato bake casserole both of which are excellent with a rich texture and perfect for BBQ.         It has been fun to see this spot transform, I remember when I used to come here and you had park in an open lot across the street, only a few tables and the line out the door, now the line is still out the door but there is an excellent heated patio seating to expand the restaurant and an expanded parking lot. These guys don't slack on their quality at least as of the time of this writing."}, {"review_id": "ICaSny6ngYPIIWbVBpvWag", "user_id": "xYVKd66qtLjYVXRqo6mQvw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/4/2017", "text": "So I heard that there was a newish BBQ place in KCK that I should check out, so on a trip back to Kansas City (I live in Chicago now), I decided to hit it up for lunch. I arrived before it opened so I could avoid the mad rush which was sure to come. Even so, I wasn't first in line on the weekday I chose. This is a popular place.I went for the burnt ends, fries, and cheesy corn. In a few minutes my order was up, and I could take a look at what I was about to devour. There was no drenching of the burnt ends in BBQ sauce to hide the meat here... It was proudly on display, with a nice bark. The taste was really great - there was a nice beefy flavor, some good smoke, and a nice seasoning hit from the barky edges. The large chunks were really outstanding.The fries were fine, but nothing spectacular. The cheesy corn, was a true pleasure to behold, however. I'm not sure how many calories you would find in an order, and I'm not going to inquire, but it was pure deliciousness in a cup.This is a place worth coming back to again and again. Top shelf BBQ."}, {"review_id": "nNnFWgzBlFl0Y11y1zeUmg", "user_id": "62t-bPD25lY--mLXaLQslw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/1/2017", "text": "This was so good! Slap's BBQ is a small little restaurant with some big hits. As this was our first time, a friend and I opted for the sampler platter including chicken, pulled pork, spicy + cheesy sausages, and burnt ends (you can also add ribs, but we decided to save those for next time!). We also picked two sides, baked potato casserole and baked beans.How was the food? In a word, fantastic. Not perfect, but I left pretty darn satisfied. Must order again: Burnt ends and sausages. The burnt ends are some of the best I've had. They had wonderful flavor, they were juicy without an excessive amount of fat, and were certainly the highlight of the meal. Coming in close second are the sausages; the spicy and cheesy varieties both had their unique tastes, but both were similarly delicious. I almost wish the \"spicy\" sausage had more kick to it, but it was easy enough to dress it up with sauce.Decent: Brisket and pulled pork. The brisket was good, but a bit drier than I'm used to. Having eaten it right after the burnt ends, I was hoping for the same level of melt-in-your-mouth tenderness, but it didn't quite hit that mark. Nevertheless, it tasted good and was easy enough to fix with sauce. The pork was opposite: tender, juicy, but lacking much flavor. It felt like it was missing something, but again, the barbecue sauce filled that void decently well.Won't order next time: Chicken. There was nothing bad about the chicken, but nothing stood out either. If you want chicken, go for it. But I was much more impressed with the other meats.Sides: I've never been much of a \"sides\" person, and I rarely order them unless they come with the meal. Both of the sides I ordered--baked potato casserole and baked beans--were rather good, but not enough to pull me away from the burnt ends.Finally...Sauce! On each table, you find two sauces, the good one and the bad one ;) Also known as spicy and sweet, but after a taste of each, I had my hand on the spicy bottle for the rest of the meal. It had a bit more kick than I had expected, but it really complemented the meats. Or you can put it in the beans, or soak it up with bread... I think I've found a new favorite sauce in KC. Regarding the other bottle, if you like sweet sauces, it may be worth a try. But I found it overly sweet and didn't like it much.Overall, Slap's isn't the end-all-be-all of barbecue in KC. But it's pretty darn good. They have lots of options, including some fantastic burnt ends and sausages. They also have some kickin' barbecue sauce you should be sure to try. I'd definitely go again, and I think Slap's should be on the \"to-eat\" list of any KC barbecue aficionado. Give it a try!"}, {"review_id": "8YEbrBAqEuzuRKOcRUm0SA", "user_id": "Si8WSqvn4nY-Qrvb59fSiw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/7/2018", "text": "Heard of this place, I was in the neighborgood so I stopped.The crowd was out the door. It was windy and 30 degrees . The location is great, the atmosphere was definitely Barbq. The smells were floating in the air...felt like my backyard.I had ribs and beef, pulled pork sandwich...sides were potato casserole, baked beans, slaw, mac and cheese. Bread and pickles came too.The service was 5 star, the meat was 5 star,The crowd was 5 star.I scored only 4 stars...As I have said in the pass, this is a tough BBQ market...the sides were just good. Nothen special, the proportions for the meats were a touch small for this market area and finally the price was higher than I expected.I will go back and perhaps I can share that experience, too."}, {"review_id": "QPKE9Wj0ZI8GAUIyD_c7cQ", "user_id": "QDiX90MjuQ0oUyM_qTuJFA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "Awesome BBQ here in KCK!  1st time here and was pleasantly surprised. We read all the reviews on Yelp and decided to see if it lived up to them. Well I can assure you it does!  We got the sampler plate (jalepeno sausage, chicken, pulled pork and brisket) and burnt end plate. Sides were potato casserole, cheesy corn, bbq beans & Mac & cheese.  Everything was fantastic. Brisket a bit chewy and I didn't particularly care for the cheesy corn, it was a bit gritty.  Mac & cheese was unbelievable and so were the burnt ends. We will definitely be returning!! Oh! Was disappointed that they were out of ribs and turkey, but they were very busy so I wasn't surprised.  Gives me more to try next time."}, {"review_id": "06Oe_kbzW6WCOZ0j-GSGZA", "user_id": "h3ar8zoEzPRzb1pqn5AZDQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "Great food! Passing through on our way to Iowa and found this on yelp, so worth the stop..."}, {"review_id": "4L9jDPT3RMWnhatvrYjJMQ", "user_id": "PgbS2u5iW9nPVFCUJbf9Xg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/23/2018", "text": "This is by far the best BBQ I've had in a long time. I was in town visiting and looking forward to some authentic Kansas City BBQ and I am super excited I landed here. The food was great and the service was great as well. Our table had the beef brisket, pork ribs, and turkey for meats and cheesy corn and baked beans for the sides. We genuinely have no complaints about the food or our experience. Every person working made us extremely comfortable. I know that if I am ever back in KC this will definitely be my go to spot!"}, {"review_id": "PVSZBpvRNMtAqh_8Py1ofA", "user_id": "AsUh-UQlJbZGInsV01CflA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/31/2018", "text": "ZERO, ZILCH complaints about this place.  KC isn't short of good BBQ, I am not even going to say Slap's is the best in KC but I have to say it is one of the most authentic feeling BBQ.  You pull in the parking lot and you can smell the smoker.  It makes you feel like you are in someone's backyard.  The line wraps around the quaint restaurant but signs are up directing you and the staff isn't shy about reminding you, with a smile of course.  There is nothing fancy or prestigious because their food speaks for itself.  There are a few tables inside then picnic tables set up outside in a covered and very well heated space.  You order your food sort of cafeteria style through the line then pay and eat.  They have the process down to perfection. They are busy and that is an understatement.  We went at 5:20 on Good Friday at that and they were slammed but the person doing the meat was so kind and helpful.  I let him design my 2 meat plate, he chose two items I wouldn't have chose but would have regretted that I didn't.  I had the burnt ends and jalapeno cheddar sausage.  Sausage is hot and delicious and you get two big links.  I will say I haven't had burnt ends in a long time but these are the best I can recall having.  The are big and charred just right.  A thin layer of fat on a few pieces but so easy to cut away and without they would have been dry I am sure.  I had the beans and coleslaw as my sides.  Beans were good, on the sweeter side.  The coleslaw was simple.  It was mayo based but very lightly dressed.  Made the perfect companion to my meats.  My husband had The Sandwich with onion rings.  The creamy provel holds everything together.  The brisket was for tender and literally melted in your mouth.  I didn't try an onion ring.  Toddler had the fries of course.  Again can't say a bad thing about those either.  They have a spicy thin sauce on the tables and a thicker sweet sauce but I say get the beans and dunk your meat in them.  I am  particular about my BBQ pickles, they have to be chips and they have to be thin, warm and no ridges.  Slap's must agree.  If you want to feel like you are in your neighbors bag yard eating good food and drinking cold beer, go to Slap's. If the line scares you or you have no self control in BBQ places like I do then go across the street to Splitlog Coffee on a Friday or Saturday morning and get a Slap's breakfast burrito."}, {"review_id": "yywCKJ1YbRfKPgsUzWD5aQ", "user_id": "oY302SkuD4wqGGiRuPDwlQ", "rating": 2.0, "date": "2/1/2018", "text": "Based on the ratings, I had high hopes for this BBQ joint but unfortunately it just didn't live up to the reviews.  Walking in, the place had great promise; it looks exactly as you would expect a great BBQ to look.  Great menu, walk up to the counter to order, and sit at a picnic table.  We had the burnt end plate and the pulled pork sandwich.  Maybe I'm biased by the fantastic BBQ we have in St. Louis but these weren't burnt ends like I'm used to. They looked like burnt ends, but they didn't taste like they should.  They were very tender which was good, but very little char,  no detectable smoke flavor and over all just boring.  Kind of disappointed. The cheesy corn that others raved about I also found to be lacking in flavor as well.  Not bad, but not worth raving about.  Their potato casserole was the best thing we ate there.  I'll admit it was pretty good.  The pulled pork sandwich was better than the burnt ends. It was served with melted provel cheese which was an interesting twist and topped with \"bottle caps\" which are breaded and  fried jalapeños.   Unfortunately they also loose points for their sauces.  They have two offerings, one quite hot and the other quite sweet.  Neither were any good to be honest.  The servings are quite large, so that was a plus, Neither of us finished all of our food.  The place was generally clean except for the two overflowing trash cans we sat next to.  They have a huge outdoor patio which looked pretty cool but unfortunately it was too cold for us despite the heaters. The staff were quite pleasant, but for me the food is what has to drive my rating.  Nothing we ate was bad, it was all just ok.  Would probably try somewhere else when I come through again."}, {"review_id": "k9cKi1Sjw_Y9dz-sLHGE_g", "user_id": "RU5zIJvz24dJ7YT6nIOs0A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/28/2017", "text": "WOW! Three of us went, three happy customers! We tried everything from burnt ends to pulled pork and we were definitely notdi disappointed. I top of that some great sauces that were not overly sweat.....just right. The place was is a really cool place in town and a great staff. Prices were good and the good was better. Definitely a place you have to visit if you like BBQ!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/slaps-bbq-kansas-city-2?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]