[[{"review_id": "X0v2Z207tGi7pEgldM9Tpw", "user_id": "Rb8MjLq3qUG5SP99FNTVVA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/3/2018", "text": "In the battle of fast food pizzas I would rate topp'd #1! I have tried MOD, Pizza Studio and Pie 5, All of them are good but Topp'd is in a class of its own. Very fresh toppings multiple choices of chicken breast for your pizza as well as four different types of crust. The wait for your pizza is a little longer than at MOD but the pizza is so yummy OMG!They have drink happy hour every day seven days a week and Tuesday is there 9 inch pizza special!"}, {"review_id": "ZABQ0qCDXB5xEV-0GtnvQg", "user_id": "9txO4_yIT_Q_m3yPy4fH1w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/1/2018", "text": "The one place in the entirety of Kansas City that my brother ALWAYS suggests going to when we're deciding where to eat is Topp'd. I'm not gonna lie, I always just assumed that because he's a 15 year old boy that he likes this place because it has cheese pizza. And I think that part of that is definitely the case. However, I did enjoy my pizza at Topp'd and found it nice that they had so many options. The one thing I would have liked would have been nutritional facts such as those listed in Pie Five. The menu is a bit all over the place but if you're going to build your own pizza it's very straight forward.The location is nice right across the street from KU Med and there is a private parking lot in the back. The portion size was great for lunch and filled me up without leaving me wanting more. Not to mention that there were signs galore for happy hours and drink deals.Overall I would definitely recommend Topp'd if you're near one and wanting pizza!"}, {"review_id": "dCcFRklGIt7U3oQCiJE4uA", "user_id": "fbQTO9uaoBhw8daCST-s5A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/8/2018", "text": "I ordered the Cobb salad and really enjoyed it. Plenty of toppings and since they make it right in front of you, you can customize it a bit too... In my case I had them add hot peppers.Friend had the BBQ chicken pizza, looked amazing. Other friend had the Italian sub... It was smaller than expected but also delicious.Fun atmosphere, plenty of seating, and free parking out back."}, {"review_id": "Yi9p5fg3ew69YgOhpipWhg", "user_id": "a3WA6HXw61qNN0_MgbaAWA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/15/2018", "text": "While I am a fan of pizza in general, Topp'd does a great pizza! I also love this location because it is so close to the KU Med Center. As a student, I spend a lot of time on campus, and having good food nearby, such as Topp'd, is critical. I've been in several times since starting school in the summer of 2016. I love that they have space to study, I've been able to meet small groups, but I can also get food fairly quickly. I tried the salads, pizzas, and appetizers now. My favorite deal is the one they have Tuesdays after 4, where you can customize a pizza with unlimited toppings for $5.99. I've been able to make some delicious combinations (such as chicken, spinach, caramelized onions, and tomatoes). They also do a daily happy hour where apps are half priced. I've gotten the bruschetta several times this way, and it's fantastic. I don't think I've been disappointed with anything on the menu so far, and I will continue to be a topp'd customer."}, {"review_id": "Ql6-oPjJv2zeSFKdjSVTEA", "user_id": "-50lprJ4kZ-XCM1hPU2vqg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "7/15/2017", "text": "Food cooks in 5 minutes. It is very tasty. The 9\" pizza is a perfect size for 1 person. They have Daiya cheese. The Italian meat grinder had all kinds of flavor. Perfect size. Toasted just right too. Big area. Local beer options. Right next to Holiday Inn UMKC."}, {"review_id": "XpTnyWiwjeszeDxckIHjZw", "user_id": "hQEDYcjKdys9Z1_J5t2y1Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/14/2016", "text": "If I ever feel like I want to treat myself but also don't feel like going to sit down at a fancy restaurant, topp'd is my go-to place. It's the same concept as pie five, i.e. build your own pizza, but more delicious! I love loading up my pizza with pineapple (yes, I'm one of those people), tons of veggies and then roasted peanuts at the end. Their tomato sauce is fantastic and even though I'm not vegan I get their vegan cheese because it's so good! (You can't expect it to taste exactly like real cheese though; the trick is to just enjoy it for what it is.)Fast, friendly service + spacious interior + delicious pizza! What more could you ask for?"}, {"review_id": "MTygxCBy8ENKJ5fUm4OOZA", "user_id": "uPGdwJNgg8zDKb3Rp4fJzg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/11/2017", "text": "This place is convenient because it is across the street from KU Med Center, and they make your food quickly, which is very appealing to staff. You can pick from several pizza choices or create your own artisan pizzas with fresh ingredients. They also have delicious sandwiches and salads. Everything is fresh. I watched the staff chop up fresh tomato and onions. Great place for convenience, speed, and quality of food."}, {"review_id": "_73rs1errgtdtFBDrdCA1w", "user_id": "50V3UxV1yeHnnXKQWKD0pA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/29/2015", "text": "When I think of a quick style pizza, my mind naturally thinks, \"This will probably be pretty good, but probably not memorable.\" I think that comes from a fast-food society where if you need to get something quickly, you usually tend to sacrifice some quality. That is definitely NOT the case with Topp'd! After a handful of visits I can safely say that their pizza is always delicious, and really some of the better pizza I've had in recent months.First off, trust their menu. I usually like to see what a restaurant has to offer before trying to wrangle up my own concoctions, and Topp'd has their best offerings with their creative pizza offerings. Let me first say, while being a totally open minded eater, I don't usually go for \"Thai pizzas\" or \"BBQ pizzas,\", etc. But the ones I've tried here are so good. I recently had the Greek pizza, and they never skimp on the ingredients. Speaking of ingredients, that's where Topp'd shines. They use fresh ingredients and it shows. Their pizzas are the perfect size and always filling, sometimes with a small slice or two leftover, but without leaving you feeling cashed after eating it. The price is right on here. I think, don't quote me on this, that all the pizzas are $7-$9 out the door with is a hell of a value for the quality. They also have a nice array of local craft brews on tap, which is an easy way to my heart. Top(p'd) that off with an extremely friendly owner who seems to have a rapport with everyone he talks to, and this is what a local biz is all about. If you have the choice between this and a surrounding chain, you know what to do. Give them a shot, and I'm really glad to have them in the neighborhood."}, {"review_id": "EBgvIF472x6WpCgYY4zwUw", "user_id": "DgLOt08hV0dwCKg3nGNGzw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/28/2015", "text": "I am not a huge pizza fan, but Topp'd breaks the standard pizza mold and makes me a Topp'd pizza fan. Fresh made and a huge variety of ingredients are available. There is also a great beer selection. Not what you would expect at a place that provides a 9inch pie in about five minutes that with a drink will be around $10. Seriously cheap and yummy!I have tried a variety of the pizzas on the board, but my fav has to be the thai pizza. Different and great flavors. They also currently have a mexican style pizza that is fantastic. They rotate specials, so stop by soon to try this one!The quality of ingredients really stand out. The salads are a nice option also and HUGE. For those with dietary restrictions, Topp'd can probably accommodate about anything. If not talk to Chad and he may be able to find a solution. On my last visit, I was with a friend who wanted a gluten free beer. Although they did not have one available, Chad took the time to talk about options so he can explore getting some in. Fantastic service!I love this place. Great local business and owner. Stop and check them out!"}, {"review_id": "JBjsOb0cFlGpMh0NEo3D9A", "user_id": "OO3yQI2RaALapMQb-2DzuQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "8/27/2015", "text": "Topp'd allows you to go over the top with your pizza creativity. I went a little gaga with the build-your-own option, and ended up selecting around 10 ingredients. No shame in that game!My boyfriend had his stomach heart set on the Thai Chicken pizza, which was fantastic, and mine was perfectly customized to my crazy taste. The fact that Topp'd has reasonable prices just makes the whole experience that much better. I will definitely be back."}, {"review_id": "0_WPX86XDwxbLEebnu2Mzg", "user_id": "FMXBbottjIZ5_b783zX1Jg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/17/2015", "text": "This is a great concept. Incredibly diverse toppings with lots of options for dietary issues. I went on a Sunday evening and it was empty. We ordered our pizzas and by the time we filled our drinks, checked out the cool metal wall mounted sculptures and sat down the pizza was being brought to the table.The Thai pizza had a peanut sauce with thai marianted chicken, red onions, shredded carrots, mozzarella, jalapeños,  basil leaves and roasted peanuts. They have 4 crusts to choose from and press the dough in front of you. Executed wonderfully with a sleek modern clean atmosphere, even craft beers available. Well done and delicious. Fast casual at its best."}, {"review_id": "5eTrV9ehwJFtFddFFLioOg", "user_id": "gVOZJcHhoC_41ox2NFEuyw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/13/2015", "text": "I was super excited when I saw the sign for Topp'd coming soon way back in December. I love pizza and having the option to create my own pizza is even better. After my first visit, I felt a little underwhelmed in the taste department but was happy with the available choices.Topp'd is a fast casual type of restaurant where your 9\" pizza or salad is made right in front while you are creating your order. Topp'd has an ample amount of choices of pizza crusts, sauces, cheeses, and toppings. Everything is also at a single price of $6.99 (same goes for salads). You can easily come every day and have a different type of pizza for an entire year. One aspect that I very much appreciated is what Topp'd calls the \"extra zing.\" You have the choice to top your pizza (or salad maybe?) with one of their dressings/sauces. It is similar to Pizza Hut's sauce drizzle. Another great thing about Topp'd is that the the grill that is used to cook the meat is also visible so you know you are getting freshly made food. You can also see an area where the veggies are being cut.Unfortunately with all the great options that Topp'd has, I just felt that the taste of my pizza was just average. To me, the red tomato sauce was lacking and could have had more taste. For me, the bread definitely overpowered the taste of my topp'd out pizza. Also, my palate was not keen on their Caesar dressing as it had a more vinaigrette taste to it rather than a rich and creamy sauce that I look for in Caesar dressing. I also would had loved it if they had some sort of pizza dessert option.I wanted to love Topp'd and it is a great to have it in the area. I also love that the restaurant is locally owned. It just a bit average when I compare it to other similar fast casual pizza restaurants in the KC metro area."}, {"review_id": "hCi_HnTQ08A6Q2o8tbi92A", "user_id": "5ddzKBG4JLrTjL3z5Blj1A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "7/26/2017", "text": "Ingredients are always incredibly fresh. Service is always friendly and very speedy. There's no fast casual pizza place around that meets the quality of Topp'd. They have everything from classic pizza styles to bizarre but delicious styles you probably can't find anywhere else in KC."}, {"review_id": "RVpGjuBvuKB3xnMXBTOgeA", "user_id": "UcrHKMhVhwVdZ89dRMCRhg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/1/2017", "text": "Excellent Pizza. Lots of choices. Quick service. Friendly staff. Clean restaurant. A couple of low volume TV's."}, {"review_id": "8IsuCehgXPHP1eF-4P5xFQ", "user_id": "FIcM8xpWGEFYXmHW1-ITpw", "rating": 2.0, "date": "3/15/2016", "text": "So many new \"made to order in 5 minute\" pizza places in KC and this is my least favorite.  Ordered the Thai peanut pizza.  Was asked what crust I wanted and beings this was my first time here I told the man whatever you recommend.  He told me the garlic herb was the most popular and began making my pizza.  Now when he said that I kind of hesitated cause garlic herb seems like a weird choice for a Thai chicken pizza but I guess I can take the blame for this not being a good decision.I sat down with my number and glanced around the dining room and there were two other people here and that's it.  It is noon on a Tuesday across the street from KU med, if I went next door to five guys the line would six people deep.  Maybe this should be sign number two why this place is not going to be good.  My pizza shows up and the crust is scorched black all the way around the edge.  Sign number three.  I proceeded to eat anyway thinking its just the outer crust and my first bite was sign four.  Dried out rubbery chicken.  Every piece of chicken was like it was left over a hot grill for hours until all the moisture had been sizzled out of it.  The Thai peanut sauce was bland like a mixture of peanut butter and water.  No spices what so ever.  Sign number five.  After about two slices I just started eating the cheese off the other pieces trying to salvage what I just spent $8 on.Now I am following the exit signs out of here and I will be hard pressed to return after this disaster."}, {"review_id": "kP6cz6npkCA2cu5oYW6org", "user_id": "9GiuozTpqEsG3BTbhL590Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/1/2015", "text": "I can't believe that I haven't already reviewed this. You would think that I would have as much as I'm here. It's clear that I'm a big fan. I love it here. The ingredients are always fresh, the food is quick, and the staff is helpful.The owner, Chad, usually can be found out in the crowd talking with the customers. He's always ready to answer a flurry of questions. Trust me, I have probably asked him dozens lol. The menu has some set creations but don't be afraid to try the seasonal ones too. The staff are pretty creative. What sounds like it could be scary are usually delightfully pulled together. I've been impressed with several menu items that I thought I wouldn't actually enjoy. The price points are great. The portions are generous. I really don't have any complaints about here. Probably the best comment I can say though is when I mentioned that I was going here yesterday to some workers in the hospital across the street, one replied, \"oooh yeah, Topp'd.\" This place is A1 in my eyes."}, {"review_id": "ckv9b6FIWcn4Djpng_I-Ag", "user_id": "BRNxwiRLBCqmNqmGd9hGKg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/13/2017", "text": "This is seriously my favorite pizza place. It's very delicious. I come here every time I want pizza. I'm come from Texas and I'm very happy I found this place. I recommend it 100%"}, {"review_id": "Yu1MGTe-iPTg-GQ3mTrhdQ", "user_id": "9N0eKiaaLAWk2tYLfKUyUg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "8/18/2015", "text": "Attached to the Holiday inn across from the Medical Center is Topped a super excellent concept pizza place. Personal pizzas made like a Subway or Chipotle. Here's the twist... All fresh house made ingredients no freezers! Several dough choices and personal thin crust pizza creations. Several on the menu and a build it yourself (they do the work) option possible for this food crazed field engineer!Let's not forget the salads again all house made ingredients and choices of greens. The decor is outstanding it's sharp and super clean but let's you know this is not an industrial chain! The atmosphere is... Well it was perfect for me, good tunes at just the right level. The surroundings polished enough for an older fellow like me but still a place where younger guests will be happy. I would suggest he do hotel delivery since it's right upstairs. I asked the hotel clerk specifically about pizza and the handed me a menu from another place not even telling me there was one 50 feet away!All in this place is fabulous and you have to try it! FoodDude!"}, {"review_id": "KvD40mopL3fLxoznRkOerg", "user_id": "SHglL1j11mSoOb8Iw8JlxA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "7/1/2015", "text": "Topp'd has astonishingly good pizza. Tender crust, delicious sauces, fresh toppings. Five stars all the way.Service, sadly, was a bit lacking during my visit. The owner dropped my pizza on my table & turned his back on me while I was asking him a question. Plus, I asked them politely to change the channel to the Royals game, which they said they would, but never did. So we watched a Cubs game, for some reason, while I followed the progress of the hometown boys on my smartphone. Go figure.The pizza is so good, I'm likely to go back.... let's hope it was just an off night on the service front."}, {"review_id": "Zufox7h9JQtQ6AMqfhGLeg", "user_id": "xErjn90o21L1FSG5H9hmHQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/26/2016", "text": "I have been nothing short of impressed with this place since my very first visit. And they continue to wow me with their willingness to explore what the customers are wanting and asking for.The location has parking, some outside seating, a few TVs, beer & wine, and even serves affordable options. I think that people may only think of Topp'd as a lunch destination. But they should reconsider. They are open for dinner (even later on the weekends). They do online ordering. And they do have beer & wine, should you be looking for a place to meet before a concert, or to sit and catch up on a Saturday night with friends.Service is walk-up; where you have the option to select something from their creative list of menu options, OR build your own 9 inch custom pizza or salad.Something to note for those with dietary restrictions, they make their own gluten free crust, which has evolved since they first opened as well. From what I am hearing it has improved in texture & flavor. I would love to try the latest version myself. But it does contain corn (a top dietary nemesis of mine). In addition to the gluten free crust made there, they also offer Daiya Vegan cheese for the vegan and dairy free patrons.I have always been met with a smile, great service, and food each time I have visited. And it is obvious to me that the owner cares deeply about what he is doing, and is open to always finding new ways to improve, expand, and overall make the customers happy. Favorite pizzas that my dining companions have ordered (since I am the one who has to go pretty simple with my dietary issues) were: the Buffalo Chicken & the Topp'd Out. But pizza choice is such a personal thing. They always have a featured special of the day or week as well.I love Topp'd, and would eat there probably at least 5 times per week, if I was still able to have pizza. But for now I will stop in regularly and build myself a fantastic salad, while eating pizza vicariously through my dining companion. If I ever reach a point where I can add corn back into my life, Topp'd will be TOP on my list of immediate destinations."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/toppd-kansas-city?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]