[[{"review_id": "yy3M2P_vA9RkYp6-fEG_kA", "user_id": "Ln1DH04jb3emwPb1QYcs3A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/4/2018", "text": "If you have only one favorite item on the menu, you haven't visited enough! This is probably one of the best-kept secrets in KCK!  The decor is amazing, great space, and the staff is friendly and knowledgeable.  For larger gatherings, I recommend reserving the private room.  It seats up to 25 and comes equipped with a flat-screen tv, separate lighting, and your own waitstaff.  They even created a specialty drink for my event. Win! This is one restaurant that quickly made it to our list of favorites. When you stop by, be sure to try the Garlic Fries and Salmon BLT!"}, {"review_id": "JOhM27C6L5drPd0bNSB05g", "user_id": "tbG8HEhrRDhc0Gxqz9tmvg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "The service was good and the place was clean. They have a decent beer selection, but I feel that it is overpriced. We ordered a burgers and we also got a kids meal. The food was prepared fine, but was seriously lacking in flavor. My burger was perfectly shaped and I suspect it may have been frozen. Quality and value of food: 2Quality of service: 4"}, {"review_id": "CtaxQd-wurQdCumeebuEEA", "user_id": "Kl8Ei6zu8lsXKJ0tffXPWw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/16/2018", "text": "If it hadn't been for good signage, I would never have known we'd reached the restaurant, as it sits down in a small valley and looks like a rather non-descript house. The place was sort of busy when we arrived - well, actually one side of the room was empty while the smaller side had most of the tables filled. It took awhile to be served and there seemed to be some confusion over who was supposed to be waiting on our table. Lots of waitresses were running around but none seemed assigned to us. When our waitress did finally come over, she was friendly. I ordered the steak tacos with black beans and tea to drink. The tea came first and, at first glance, it didn't look very fresh. The liquid was completely opaque. Taste wise, it definitely wasn't the best tea I've ever had but it also wasn't the worst. Well, maybe it was. So, after the tea, I was kind of dreading my food but the tacos were actually very tasty. Big chunks of steak, thick slices of avocado and something that gave off a kind of sweetish flavor. I know, sounds odd but it really was very good. The salsa came in a tiny bowl and was unusual in that it was a coral color, rather than the usual red tomatoey salsa look. Whatever was in this salsa, it had a fairly mild but excellent taste. My husband had a french dip and fries. He said the sandwich was a little heavy on the horseradish, but it couldn't have been too bad because he ate every single bite."}, {"review_id": "B--ItkYStalw7sLO6nBMqw", "user_id": "ODhe9yiavdUmI6lpOLLteQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "1/27/2018", "text": "Food is absolutely amazing. Their meatballs are huge, everything is perfectly cooked, flavors are amazing. However, the service has been horrible both times I've gone. They are slow, not very attentive, and just all around poor attitudes. The waitresses act like any request is causing them to bend over backwards. Very disappointing consider how good it is flavor wise."}, {"review_id": "CAAA2WARBMwhhk2bf2WYrw", "user_id": "Q2BYvwHFljrQEizfTDArTw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "Started with pretzels and queso- bread was soft and cheese was perfect. Had the salmon salad, it was delicious. Husband had the meatball grinder and fries and was pleased. Definitely would come back."}, {"review_id": "x_xlXzBjUOnitomIqv2wag", "user_id": "aUnbWfMAVyfVsDPVuxTOrw", "rating": 1.0, "date": "6/21/2017", "text": "I had high hopes for Mason Jar Brews and Burgers. I should of known my expectations were not going to be met when there were multiple open tables at 7 pm on a Saturday night and the host who sat us was chewing on a tooth pick. But I chose to ignore that because the menu items look and sound delicious. We were waiting on another couple to arrive and during this time our waitress checked on us a few times. Once they arrived we ordered a few minutes later. We each got a burger (two traditional burgers, one chili burger, and an SOB burger. Two of us for regular fries and two of us got garlic fries). The pizzas sound delicious and were something I wanted to go back and try along with appetizers. The food arrived hot and promptly (that's where the star comes from). We enjoyed the fries and burgers until what I witnessed at the end. After the food came we were not checked on again. Our waters sat empty for 25 minutes. The waitress walked by us multiple times, glanced at our table, but did not ask if we needed anything, did not refill our empty waters, or ask how the food was. Thankfully we didn't need condiments and the food was satisfactory, however water refills would of been good. It was very disappointing because she had a nice personality when she started off. I don't know if she was distracted or what - but they were not packed or overly busy. Multiple employees were standing around. We stacked our plates to indicate we were done and then she came over and asked, \"Do you want me to take this? Would you like more water?\" At that point no we didn't. We wanted to leave. As we were leaving we got to the car and had parked on the side that we didn't realize has a window into their break room. Some employees were on break eating and horse playing. I take no issue there - it's break. But my problem was when one employee took tongs that were being used for food and put them in another employees HAIR then placed them back on the counter!!! YUCK. That was ridiculous."}, {"review_id": "yWm9oM_C0AKB2cz26wcU5A", "user_id": "u8Uz8OB7xbWGPuX4GZiBFw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "We were vacationing at great wolf lodge but wanted to get away from all the chain restaurants in the area so we drove ten minutes down the road to Mason Jar. It's tucked away a bit so be sure to map it. We enjoyed it very much. Great burgers and crunchy onion rings. The kids menu items were portioned really nicely. Lots of great beers and the staff was happy to make recommendations. Clean, trendy decor. We'll be back!"}, {"review_id": "4tgzIH70g1pqJwOsza-OzA", "user_id": "V4zPISLt2eqU1LrWdZ98ZQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/28/2017", "text": "Mason Jar Brews & Burgers was our dining destination on a Saturday night a few weeks ago with some Yelp friends of mine. We decided to drop in here after coming to the conclusion that the food at Hollywood Casino was probably not too great and likely a bit overpriced. Anyway, we journeyed off to the Mason Jar which is located just about 10Minutes away from the Legends, the Speedway, and the Hollywood Casino. All three of us were quite intrigued by the odd shape of the building and the fact that it was kind of built into the ground and that you could almost literally park the car right on top of the roof of the restaurant!  Also, make sure that you know where you are going because this place is located on a side street and can be a bit hard to find if you are unfamiliar with the area.Parking and location aside, the three of us were ravenous after a day of outdoor activity in Bonner Springs Zip-Lining! When we arrived (around 7pm) it was not too busy for a Saturday evening, which was nice. However, soon after it became quite packed with large groups of both adults and children.Onto the food...we ordered the chili cheese fries and soft pretzel sticks with cheese and beer mustard to start. Both of these items were pretty darn yummy but as a wise man once said, \"everything is good when you are hungry.\" The burgers that we ordered were decent but they were not spectacular. Both R.M and I ordered the \"All Fired Up\" burgers. This burger comes with pepper jack cheese, chipotle mayo, avocado, and the rest of the typical fixin's. We each agreed that there was not very much flavor in this particular burger. It almost seems as if someone had forgotten to salt the actual meat patty. Overall though, the quality of the meat was good. C.B. ordered the \"Black & Blue\" burger which he said was \"pretty good!\" The beer list is not as amazing as one would think given the name of the restaurant. They do though have some quality beers on tap (better than anywhere in that casino)! The service was friendly and our server was helpful in guiding us through the menu and things to order and items that we might want to stay away from (like the pizzas).All in all, we enjoyed our experience at Mason Jar Brews and Burgers despite the few shortcomings. It almost seems as if the concept at this restaurant is a bit confused & perhaps the owners need to think a little bit about either streamlining or changing the concept here; perhaps they need to tidy up the menu and focus on doing a fewer items perfectly. I would return to eat here if I was out in this part of the Metro but I would never make a special trip out here just for the burgers. Notes: The burgers here are pretty large (like  1/2 pound) and I am particular to diner/slider style burgers such as Hayes, Freddy's and the like so perhaps I was already predisposed to not love the burgers here? If you are in the western part of the KC area and need a fun local place to eat and drink then I would still put this on my list of suggestions."}, {"review_id": "TNB5QI26oye0ubq0SZ8RPQ", "user_id": "oPEQpmg_SzPPBRm4FC1LWw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/12/2018", "text": "Love the door. A lot of recycled wood, industial metal, and the coolest light fixtures made out of mason jars! Service was very friendly and pretty quick. For food- we got the soft pretzels to start. They were good, but not different than any other pretzel sticks on any other menu. For our meals- we tries the patty melt with sweet potato fries and the meatball sandwich with garlic parm fries. The patty melt was great and the sweet potato fries tasted homemade. The meatballs on the sub were incredibly tender and you could tell they were made in-house."}, {"review_id": "ySdqncARf9zWwWjp5NlK8A", "user_id": "wX0R-m5LhEPOE54yAaF2sg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/9/2018", "text": "Monday's are buy a burger get one 1/2. $2 off happy hour specialty drinks. I at the fish taco and they are delicious."}, {"review_id": "AxuPNMeBnA00D1LcPB6uSA", "user_id": "HYuycnbXM_fIa76UQnItzg", "rating": 2.0, "date": "3/31/2018", "text": "Ok, great clean place!!! Nice modern decor giving it a welcome ambience. Simple menus, and specials.Waitress staff was deplorable. Telling us their life stories, reaching across out plates, letting us stand to be seated for several minutes,( we were literally the only customers). I ordered the bacon blue and added mushrooms, I got a mushroom Swiss. Still good, not what I wanted.The wife got the beer batter fried CodBoth meals were fresh; hot and well put together. I hate that they use presized hamburger logs and are using frozen meat. My biggest complaint.... 2 plates $32 and the food wasn't that good. We won't go back for ourselves."}, {"review_id": "-1iwCpfzNdb39FrjTlrB_Q", "user_id": "xsfMwM_WyWGFUz1bOddc4A", "rating": 3.0, "date": "7/30/2017", "text": "This is a nice little neighborhood restaurant that has a decent concept, but I think needs better execution. This is why:When I think of a place called Mason Jar Brews & Burgers I think of a wall of beers, some decent cocktails and a menu full of creative burgers along with some wraps and maybe a veggie option that I can match up with the beer of my choice.They're about half way there.The menu does have burgers and sandwiches, but also includes pizzas and entrees such as tacos (both steak and fish,) fish & chips and even prime rib. To me, it's a little much and I almost wonder if the restaurant isn't sure what it wants to be? Should it be a foodie spot, a neighborhood bar and grill or maybe a bar hang out? I would rather see them concentrate on one of those ideas instead of trying to do a couple of things at the same time. I will say that when we stopped in the restaurant it was a bit slow, but was full of people when we went to leave, so the owners must be doing something right.Moving on, the food is okay. I had a bacon & bleu cheese burger that was cooked how I like it and included bleu and swiss cheeses as well as a couple of slices of bacon. My friends ordered the All Fired Up burger that featured Chipotle mayo, pepper jack cheese and avocado. Both said the burger was okay, but also a little bland, kind of like it wasn't properly seasoned before it was cooked.As for beers, the restaurant had a decent selection, but it seemed like most for your basic all season craft beers. I do like craft beers, but I was also kind of hoping for some seasonals and maybe some hard-to-find beers to either drink with my meal or to have as an after dinner drink. The restaurant did offer a small cocktail menu, but it didn't grab anybody's attention and didn't interest us in moving to the bar for some after dinner cocktails.Like I said above, I think this is an okay restaurant that needs to decide what direction it wants to go in. I would make it a regular stop if I lived a little closer however I wouldn't make it a destination spot from across town. One quick parting note... the restaurant is a bit off of the main drag back in a neighborhood so you may want to put the address in your GPS."}, {"review_id": "UvbFx0Q-0hooNpkgpU3oAg", "user_id": "FMXBbottjIZ5_b783zX1Jg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "7/20/2017", "text": "Mason Jar was a great little find, I had bookmarked it on Yelp after hearing good things. I happened to be meeting an out-of-town friend that was at KCKCC for a conference so we met there - glad I had bookmarked it, because you won't see it from State Ave and could easily miss it from the side street.I started with a $5 flight of 4 beers in small 3-4 oz. Mason jars. Great selection of regional and national beers, including Blvd Tank 7, Stella, KC Bier, and Kansas Territory brewery. My friend had a wonderfully muddled and potent Old Fashioned that she loved.We shared a very large serving of onion rings that were served hot with a flakey seasoned batter. Excellent. I then did the salmon BLT. A great thick 4' square grilled salmon steak with 2 crisp slices of smoked bacon, tomatoes, assorted greens, and a cherry jam smear on the bun - wonderful. My friend had a HUGE meatball grinder that she could only eat 1/2 of because of size. She said it was above average. Great service from the bartender that was doubling as our waiter since we sat in the bar area. Another one of those places that I wished was in my neighborhood, because of the pricing, service and great food - I would frequent regularly."}, {"review_id": "S-DbsWzAQDIkYwNUAeu1DQ", "user_id": "fLTTUzwBdRVkzR2UQglCqg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/6/2017", "text": "Took a big group here! I had never heard of it before, but saw it was close to Legends, but not in the middle of all the congestion at Village West. It was about 3.5 miles away from Cabellas, which seemed like the perfect distance away from VW, because there was a Sporting game! Mason Jar Brews and Bugers did not disappoint! Loved everything! Great beer and drink selections! Fantastic happy hour! The food was awesome! We tried a little of everything. Loved the ambience! We will totally be back! Happy hour selections for appetizers and drinks were fantastic! They have a great patio area. The staff was super friendly and attentive! Great experience! :)"}, {"review_id": "C8x75_JVXvIsGxnwYvTERw", "user_id": "UzCSf0jbmgEHPSuqyIh8vw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/17/2018", "text": "The is a solid choice for American/Bar food. Everything seemed really fresh and made to order. The atmosphere is trendy and it is excellent place for larger groups.  For yelpers they offer a lot of specials with check in which is nice and allows you to try different appetizers.  I recommend the garlic fries and their chicken sandwich.  It would be a great place to host an after work function.  Thumbs up to mason jar."}, {"review_id": "GT077wlJBOfN6mgDtaZIgw", "user_id": "iX9I6-ljTfP0z5A0cu_NzA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "Hidden Gem!!! This place is awesome. Great ambiance and amazing food. We enjoyed the BBQ patty melt burger and the fish and chips. Both were some of the best we've ever had. I hope they consider building some outdoor patio seating because that would take it over the top!"}, {"review_id": "CNEO0k66uuKUpZ6ZEFiSGg", "user_id": "1HYAi1A8nkRls67v5NB2VA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/25/2018", "text": "Big place and great menu. Super friendly. Cool decor. Great cocktails. Service was a bit slow but not bothersome."}, {"review_id": "UhTwvCCZlDjjWWylYUfkyg", "user_id": "KT_botC8Xd_aMZI9UcewLw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/23/2018", "text": "I'm not really sure why they call them wings because they are drumsticks. The chicken was just okay. Then chicken wasn't seasoned well. I got the bbq wings but they did not have a lot of sauce on them at all. I asked for some extra bbq sauce she charged for .50 for it. I got the chili cheese fries and those were really good. My server was great once she started taking care of us. When we arrived we were promptly seated by the host. Then we waited 10-15 minutes before a server came over to our table to see us for the first time. No apology or explanation for the wait. Overall it was good. I would go again."}, {"review_id": "YT0W35i4-KMpNtIkYDM7Ow", "user_id": "BhPwAJZnub6IqK3k62abnQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/8/2018", "text": "Good food. Nice ambiance. I had the pork chop special and it was really good. I've had the pizza which was okay (but I am a picky pizza person) and I had a burger which was pretty good."}, {"review_id": "p9_jimTfzAsQylRUj68faw", "user_id": "t1B18e5ucYFmvg2oHvQ41w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "7/13/2017", "text": "Super neat set up, wish I had been drinking tonight as the bar was super neat set up. Service was great, very nice young lady. I had the bacon mushroom cheddar burger which was a fresh party cooked perfectly and very juicy. Fries were very good. My wife had the French dip with au jus and a horseradish sauce that was very good. She upgraded to garlic fries which she felt they a little soggy and garlic chunks too big but otherwise liked them. The brat bite slider app was the bomb! Served on pretzel bun with sliced brats and mustard kraut. I'll be back to try the rest of the menu."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/mason-jar-brews-and-burgers-kansas-city-2?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]