[[{"review_id": "RPYaxxC87fGXYV2aMt0VHQ", "user_id": "vazBIHfqjqUkmDDxLTTIYw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "One of my favorite BBQ spots in KC!  I'm admittedly not a big BBQ eater (living in KC, I know) so it's all about the sides for me. Woodyard's sides represent! Dude, the burnt end chili is bomb. I could eat gallons of their cheesy corn. Potato salad, slaw, girl .... get just sides!  But really, I do get cravings for their smoked wings. Wings are my meat of choice. PLUS they have lots of patio space which is a huge bonus for me. Comfy picnic tables with big bottles of BBQ sauce. And the great thing about BBQ is it's already cooked and ready to consume in under 2 min wait for a quick lunch. I dig Woodyard!"}, {"review_id": "Kb-L45b8JZefSD_3z929EQ", "user_id": "Hi10sGSZNxQH3NLyWSZ1oA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "It's been 10 minutes, and I'm DUESo now I'm going to rap for YOUIf you and your bf just got THROUGHAnd you need something (someone) to DOLet me show you how my legend \"GREW\"And all my urban myths are TRUEThere is no taming of this SHREWBe glad your sister never KNEWWhat we did, or she'd want me TOOSo do me like they do the DEWAnd I'll stick atop you like GLUEI'll be the driver, you the SCREWYou the river, me CANOEMe the foot and you my SHOEMe Roger Daltrey, you the WHOYou the Chinatown, me LOUMe dictator, you my COUPYou Nepal, me KATHMANDUYou 80s radio, me CUTTING CREWYou a doctor's office, me the FLUYou the Synagogue, me the JEWYou the toilet, me the POOWait, whatAnywayThose boys will have to join the QUEUEAnd wait until I'm done with YOUYou'll bounce up and down like a KANGAROOAnd when we're done (in a day or TWO)After I've made your kitty MEWAnd like Britney, made you OOHAnd after I've finally WITHDREWI'll give you divine stuff to CHEWAnd introduce you to something NEWThat defines a five-star REVIEWIt has a lot to LIVE UP TOBut I know you'll share my POINT OF VIEWBurnt Ends Chili, Combo sandwich TOOWhen you taste them, you will scream YAHOOPalestine will hear you louder then NETENYAHUWho's big on Google but not on YAHOOSo before we get audited by internal REVENUELet's go and eat at Woodyard BBQ(And let me know please when you're period's DUE)WHATWhat to get: Burnt Ends Chili, Combo Sandwich w/ Burnt Ends & another meatWhat not to get: a burnt end when you're sunbathing or fake tanningAnyone who has a yard of wood should not miss their calling... drive straight to Los Angeles and get into the adult industry. But on the way, stop in Kansas City for the 3 truly spectacular BBQ treats (4 if you include the Z-Man at Joe's KC). Arthur Bryant's is the best of the bunch, and Gates is the 3rd on the list, but the 2nd best in town, in many ways (such as innovation and smoky flavour), is actually the best BBQ in the best BBQ City on earth. And that, my friends, is Woodyard.If they had no seating, it'd be Stoodyard.When you're talking about barbecue in KC you're talking about the best BBQ on the planet. Arthur Bryant's is the gold standard and Oklahoma Joe is now known as Joe's KC, and is the popular choice. Gates is the underrated old Legend not far behind Bryant's. But a rising emerging star is the wonderful Woodyard BBQ, which has solidified itself as my number 2 spot in the city of barbecue for barbecue.If it were in a bad area, it'd be Hoodyard. And it's still be just as Goodyard.I've been coming here for 10 years - since they first got started. They were wonderful then and are even more wonderful now. And in that time they've had accolades and Bourdain and Fieri (talk about opposite ends of the spectrum of respectability and knowledge), and all kinds of other exciting stuff going on.If the owner was moody, it'd be Moodyard. But if anyone could serve perfect BBQ while in a bad mood, Woodyard Couldyard.But one thing that has not changed, other than the backwoods middle of nowhere out of the way location that is almost impossible to access in stripper heels, is the spectacular food available here. The barbecue meat is second to none and has that wood-smoked taste that both sets it apart from the rest of KC, and puts it right up there with Arthur Bryant's as the best in the city.If the servers were as inappropriate as my reviews, it'd be Crudeyard.Perhaps even better is the wonderful chili with big chunks of their famous and delicious burnt ends on top. Whether you get the combo sandwich, or the burnt ends chili, you will be in barbecue Heaven. I highly recommend you try both. Some of the best noms you will ever put in your mouth. Food-wise anyway.If the servers were as insulting as those at Wiener's Circle in Chicago, it'd be Rudeyard.And trust me: You can't come to KC and only try one BBQ place. We're talking about the best BBQ City on the planet by a mile. Much better than Texas and even more better than everywhere else. So when you are here, try Arthur Bryant's the true legend and my favourite - but please also try Wood Yard which is a close second.If I came in here naked, it'd be Nudeyard.An honourable mention to the old guy that owns the place who was friends with Mr Gates for many decades, and finally decided to open his own place - Woodyard. And unlike Gates with his chain of stores and standard issue but wonderful Kansas City Barbecue fare, we are talking about some of the most Innovative spectacular original unique and perfect BBQ you could ever imagine here at Woodyard. And all of it is priced extremely well with generous portions - and you absolutely can't ask for more than that.And you need to try it ASAP... if you're Shrewdyard.Since I can't give 10 stars to Woodyard, five will do. Absolutely do not miss it by any means.And I was going to tell you what me and your ma did last night, but that would just be Lewdyard."}, {"review_id": "9cyAqVzuDPNsL4ALIvfzKw", "user_id": "2dHtSxMw0DuVI4y6EQai4A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/9/2018", "text": "Many TV food shows have been quite impressed with Woodyard and for good reason. Two out of three of us felt that the meat was well smoked. The third was so busy chowing down on the ribs that we didn't hear too much commentary. The burnt end chili is really quite tasty and the pulled pork sandwich was very good as well. Unless you order a plate, everything comes a la carte. There's only 3 beer on tap,  along with some bottles. I wish there was more of a selection on beers, but that's not their focus. There are only 3 tables in the ordering area, but lots more tables are waiting for you in the main dining area across the way. It's a bit too cold in the winter, but they also have a large outside dining area in the back."}, {"review_id": "GicU7DbmJSfT7G6IxAeG4g", "user_id": "UKB-ddmBY5wWDHTIvEEFkw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "I took the advice of a food column's recommendation to try the chili and the cheesy corn. So. Good. My husband was kind enough to let me have a bite of his sandwich and the meat was very tender. I'm sure he won't share next time now that I know how good it is. We will definitely be back! It's close to downtown and a great place to go for lunch."}, {"review_id": "-AEU6fBMgqV9KR0VpZr1RQ", "user_id": "76vIFZcC7owykCBjMfGVXg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/8/2017", "text": "One of the BEST bbq places that we tried in Kansas City! They are located outside downtown Kansas City, and I believe it was about a 15-20 minute drive to get here. I placed my order ahead of time to avoid waiting in line, but it wasn't that packed early on a weekend afternoon. I tried:-Two Meat Plate (w/Burnt Ends & Spare Ribs, Served w/Cheesy Corn, $9.95) & One Smoked Wing ($1.50)[yelp.com/biz_photos/wood…: Everything was AWESOME, and the burnt ends and spare ribs were super tender and flavorful. The cheesy corn and smoked wing were also delicious- all are highly recommended!-French Fries (Large, $3.95) & Burnt-End Chili (3 Bean Chili Topped w/Burnt Ends, Single, $2.45, yelp.com/biz_photos/wood…): Their french fries were nice and crispy, and the burnt end chili was already really flavorful. I would get both again.I will definitely be back here if I get to go back to Kansas City! Parking was easy since they have their own lot, and they are located outside of town."}, {"review_id": "JjenI7Y5fRZDPvUj_4RN4g", "user_id": "3E-0Sv6Cy_i0YAj3SPg9Yw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/27/2017", "text": "I feel like Woodyard is a slap-dash of different things--they sell wood, the ordering area looks like I walked into someone's living room, and then the patio is made up of picnic tables with a bocce court. The first time I came here I was just... confused. But since then, I've come to love to disfunction of Woodyard. And, oh yeah, they have BBQ, too.Now I will go ahead and firmly state that I sit in the Q39 camp of best BBQ in Kansas City. That being said, I love the simplicity of Woodyard Bar-B-Que. Their meat has a nice smoky taste that is not overwhelming; my favorite meat is their brisket, although their pulled pork is fantastic on a sandwich. The cheesy corn isn't too bad, it's a little on the thin side, but it works well to cut the richness of the meat (huh, who would have guessed that a cheese dish can make something else feel not-as-rich?). Their thin, shoestrong fries are great, too.You want BBQ but don't want to fight huge lines and make a huge production of it? You can get the stuff here."}, {"review_id": "oVYLWP4oI75zu0UFGS6itQ", "user_id": "I1w6Qp58d_PsCse9WRX-iw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/26/2017", "text": "Let me preface, I would give it a 3.5 if I could but, the coleslaw killed my vibe and yes I am one of those individuals who actually is a coleslaw connoisseur. The coleslaw dressing resembled dirty dishwater with a few flakes of pepper sprinkled in. The cheesy corn and the fries however were delicious. The cheesy corn was creamy cheesy lusciousness and had a nice amount of soupiness to it and a good level of spice. The fries were top notch, super skinny guys that had a very crispy exterior. They rivaled steak and shake's in size and crunch but were even more golden brown, I loved them, honestly they were probably my best bite of the meal. I also sampled the spare ribs, which really had the smokey essence . I could really taste the wood! Thank you woodyard for giving me that woody flavor especially in that one end rib that had thick bark and barely any fat so all the meat was covered in a dark brown/black crust! BODACIOUS BARBECUE! Really, this is what KC barbecue is made of and I didn't even taste the burnt end chili...okay so another trip awaits, I need to try the Brisket too."}, {"review_id": "DL74dRR2ar7Ua499S7wr5Q", "user_id": "v3aK0TGrQRcBnNNXOrhWGg", "rating": 2.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "We are trying all the BBQ places in KC and this one comes up short.   The brisket was flavorless and undercooked.  They were out of burnt ends and we arrived right at opening.  The ribs were just soso."}, {"review_id": "4PifuegBw7cdRV2v4B3cpA", "user_id": "cjgtfRDzmUbH_zc-XMvI0Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/15/2017", "text": "It's off the beaten path but don't let that stop you from making a trip to Woodyard. As with most BBQ, it's fast service. If you're looking for a quick lunch in the area, do it. If you can't find it, follow the big plume of smoke signals they're sending out in KC. We tried 2 sausages, pulled pork, 1 rib, ham/bacon on Sammie, burnt ends & 1 biggie wing.   The surprise item on the menu were the wings. Probably best wings in town. Next time we come, full blown wings & beers!"}, {"review_id": "hkBRiugK5MyFCyLmxuDi9g", "user_id": "S8l6HIFQNpEvN1rW9VQXeg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "9/14/2017", "text": "I'm always in search of good BBQ so I was upfor the challenge of trying a few places while traveling through Kansas City.  One of the good things about this place is you can order one rib to try, so I had one spare and one baby back rib...both were just ok, but the baby back was better. They were both cold, didn't have much of a smoke ring to them or much flavor. That was surprising due to all the different woods they use. I also tried the burnt end chili, which I was most excited for. The chili itself was good, burnt ends not so much. The sides were amazing!  I'd definitely recommend the baked beans and cheesy corn."}, {"review_id": "OV_rJFJ4mt3-bkDIGX4Y-g", "user_id": "RqgOD4--lA6x00jXRJdb0g", "rating": 2.0, "date": "10/8/2017", "text": "Depending on which meats you order, the quality at Woodyard can be hit or miss. We tried their ribs (delicious), pull pork (some of the worst I've ever eaten), brisket (dried out and flavorless), burnt ends (good), and sausage (OK).  The quality should be more consistent.The staff is very friendly and I'm glad we could order meat by the pound.  It was a lovely day, so we could sit on their patio.I won't rush back her."}, {"review_id": "jbePck6SkrgNsvCfnqmf_w", "user_id": "UgCptZjEgGrscq1H-ZsMTg", "rating": 2.0, "date": "3/30/2018", "text": "Woodyard isn't very good. I ordered a Burnt end sandwich, single rib and a single wing to get a feel for the type of Q they serve. The burnt end sandwich was the best part. The bun was toasted perfectly and the burnt ends had good flavor....BUT, They're also covered in sauce and kind of soggy. Zero bark...so are they even really burnt ends? The wing was pretty good. It had crispy skin with tender meat but nothing that stood out. The rib was down right bad. I honestly think it was baked. Zero flavor. Rub hadn't formed any kind of bark and the thing was tough! Couldn't hardly get a bite out of it! If you're into good flavor and don't mind if the barbecue is \"legit\" the burnt end sandwich will do. If you are a BBQ snob best to find another joint."}, {"review_id": "t-uq2qSs8zQYre7LdBNSfA", "user_id": "5r8XOzKVAOJaa6JbhUkFLw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/9/2017", "text": "I was passing through for work and needed a bite.  Let me start by saying I'm about 90% vegetarian but this was some of the finest eating I've had in a while (sorry critters).  The place is rustic and comfortable and the staff are great.  The sauces are tasty and the bbq is cooked perfectly.  Definitely worth giving this one a whirl... and definitely try the mac!"}, {"review_id": "zKi-P5lkELcQEqchtMuzvA", "user_id": "1HYAi1A8nkRls67v5NB2VA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/25/2018", "text": "My favorite bar b que in the Kansas City area. Meat smokiness is a cut above the rest. Atmosphere is unique, warm, and inviting. This is worth a try! When someone asks about KCbbq, this is where I send them. All have been pleased."}, {"review_id": "TOvrgMcFaFLA2mcgyP0vPQ", "user_id": "fM0nCiUOGYQY9p9VdInSOQ", "rating": 2.0, "date": "8/9/2017", "text": "I'm starting to see that just because some of our favorite food TV personalities said the place was popping, off the hook, flavor town, or whathaveyou isn't necessarily great since they are being paid to go there.We ordered the 3 meat deal and a dinner plate to feed 3 adults.  We picked pork ribs, brisket, sausage, and burnt ends. For our sides we got the cheeseie corn, potato salad, and Coleslaw. Our order came to the table real quick which was a hint. Our food was lukewarm and the sides were enough for one grown man's meal (the not so helpful young girl at the register wasn't helpful whatsoever and not very friendly)For our meats. The burnt ends seemed to be the better of the four but kinda chewi. The sausage seemed to be on the mushy side, the brisket was paper thin, ribs had just enough of rub and smoke but were cold and the meat was not falling off the bone. Our sides. We liked the cheeseie corn, the potato salad was homemade, and we enjoyed the coleslaw.We didn't care much for the bbq sauce. In my opinion it tasted like a mix of tomato sauce and chili powder. All in all, I'm glad we didn't pay a lot of money on this meal, I would have been upset if we did."}, {"review_id": "bd8D50fVV8GYhkJJ_wydwg", "user_id": "SpmCdveO6_sEih2DDlsBiQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "6/20/2017", "text": "We went here because it was on DDD season 9 (not sure how long ago). Wanted to see if it lived up to its reputation. Locals said they didn't hear good things about it. Yelp ratings were a solid 4 so we went anyway. It was very good but I wish they would tell you more about the chicken wings. They are whole wings not just the pieces so we could've shared 6 instead of 12. The ribs were excellent but I would've liked it better if they put the sauce right on it instead of me having to do it. The sauce on the table is very good. Hot sauce is not hot at all! Was hoping for it to be hotter. Since we are from out of town we couldn't take our leftovers with us (we had so many) so we gave them to someone there. Beans were great. Coleslaw was good. The people that work there were very nice.The food came out really fast which leads me to believe it's not very fresh but we did get there about 45 minutes before they were closing so maybe that's why. Overall I do have to say my husband makes better ribs but I would eat here again just order less food."}, {"review_id": "BXNG3oyD0JpACU25JkDqsw", "user_id": "OqdjlzIiRq5cdwg6Wv7k9A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/7/2017", "text": "From the outside you will second guess coming in here.  Once you are done eating you will want to come back.   It looks pretty rustic inside and it adds to that BBQ atmosphere.  Pretty simple menu with some good daily or weekend specials.  You won't leave here hungry, you will leave here happy.  try the wings, they are big and filled with smoky flavor."}, {"review_id": "kVI17jQ6FqF7IDgxRPa7Rw", "user_id": "nqzqvYsAuRBa_o7_cN2ZVQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/7/2017", "text": "This is probably the most underrated BBQ joint in Kansas City. Not only can you get a decent amount of variety in your meal you also get quality meat. It's a real perk passing by the smokers on the way in to the restaurant and seeing the freshly smoked slab of ribs come out steaming. Their 4 meat plate is such a great deal that it will last you at least 3 meals. Just about anything you order comes with shoe string fries that you have to try. The meats I recommending trying are of course the ribs, burnt ends and yes, their sliced turkey. There are only 2 sauces to chose from, sweet or spicy and honestly that's all you need!"}, {"review_id": "UEW8pPafngI8dWOhdipc-g", "user_id": "f-0UwsC4dmp_WHe-NbbEVg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/20/2017", "text": "I don't normally eat a lot of bbq.  My son wanted this for his birthday menu so order away I did. We took home ribs, brisket, turkey, all of the sides and chili. The burnt end chili - omg I hope they make this year round!  Amazing flavor.  Everyone loved the ribs - easy off the bone.  Loved the red potato salad.  I wished they would've put some of their barbecue sauce in with all of my food. I didn't know to ask and I didn't know I didn't have any until I got home. Great food and loved the rustic restaurant"}, {"review_id": "GEFP9VH0bgXy1e8gmIMj6A", "user_id": "TlgI6AkLasd8f4cXkK4xbQ", "rating": 2.0, "date": "3/14/2017", "text": "Not good.  Went here for dinner last week when I couldn't find parking at another couple of BBQ spots and we were the only ones there at 6:30 pm.  That in itself should have tipped me off I suppose.  We had ribs and pulled pork.  The ribs were greasy and overcooked to the point they were mushy.  Seriously had very little flavor as well.  The pulled pork was gray and mushy and tasted like bitter smoke.  I'm hoping it was just a bad day and I am sure it wasn't up to their normal par but seriously...  I was not impressed in any way.  The only highlights were the cheesy corn and the sauce was good.  I'm really GLAD the sauce was good because I had to drown the pulled pork to be able to eat it.  I guess I'd give it another shot someday but with so many other options in KC that I KNOW are consistent I'm not sure."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/woodyard-bar-b-que-kansas-city-3?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]