[[{"review_id": "JfEx_uKy-R1iRf5uhiSkfg", "user_id": "HX02LFgHMPhURVxADIWvyw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/16/2018", "text": "One of my favorite places in Baton Rouge for ambiance, service, and celebrating a special occasion. I've always had the pleasure to have the pianist playing on almost all of my weekend visits and they can do a special request for you if you ask and if they have the sheet music for it. I adore that never fail to play \"Happy Birthday\" when bringing the dessert out. I have tried almost everything on the menu and from seafood to steak they can do it ALL. The charbroiled oysters are my favorite appetizers to get hands down. It's always made so perfectly and without any shell pieces (a problem I always suffer from).The steaks are big, juicy and, plenty flavorful. I've also had  the cedar-roasted red fish TWICE before. Yes, it's really THAT good! Their duck mansur is amazing and the creole chicken piccata is too if you're not feeling steak. Mansurs consistently lives up to its reputation and I highly recommend them for a nice dinner. You will not be disappointed."}, {"review_id": "p8hgG1xzAYacwEHKXjLFmA", "user_id": "MGwu7lnZF8wuLHPG66oojA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/24/2018", "text": "My husband and I share a nice meal together for Christmas and our anniversary instead of exchanging gifts. This year we enjoyed a meal at Mansurs while visiting family in BR. First, the service is impeccable. We never had a cluttered table, every dirty spoon or empty dish was quietly and promptly removed from our table. We started with the charbroiled oysters and for two people who aren't into oysters, these were phenomenal. Must have been all the butter and garlic and bread to sop it up with! Next, we shared a couple of crab cakes. They were alright but I expected more texture from a restaurant of this caliber. We followed that with the crab and Brie soup. It was a little sweeter than I would have liked and I likely wouldn't have it again but we were going on rave recommendations. For the first few courses. My husband had the blackened red fish topped with lump crab meat and I regretted not getting it too! It was so delicious! I got... a less memorable fish. So much less memorable that I don't remember what it was. The four stars are for the service, the one outstanding fish dish, and those buttery, garlicky oysters!"}, {"review_id": "XcGq5d0TyeMAWl-1M9TAOQ", "user_id": "akgHS3a9NFQ6DFEeAA891w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/6/2017", "text": "We had a business dinner for 5 people. This was my first trip to Baton Rouge and based on my host's comments this is a very nice spot to dine. The Restaraunt was clean and well decorated. The staff were friendly and attentive without hovering. I ordered a glass of the mid priced Pinot that was recommended by the waitress and it was delicious. For appetizers the table ordered some char broiled oysters and spring roles. Everyone enjoyed both. I then had the highly recommended Brie and crab soup. It deserves all the accolades it gets. This soup was fabulous. It was creamy and full of chunks of crab but did not feel heavy. For dinner I had an absolutely delicious and surprisingly simple Red fish on a cedar plank. Not being from here I expected it to be more involved but it was light and flavorful. This place is a place I will repeat the next time I am in town."}, {"review_id": "4WqT6PwJbjzNNUk5TpH7OQ", "user_id": "6lfFEeeF8snEs64e-oodQg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/1/2018", "text": "We've dined here a few times. For appetizers, I would recommend the charbroiled oysters or soup trio. The duck, Cobb salad and Red fish are all good as main courses. We've tried a few of their desserts and wouldn't really recommend those. Nice atmosphere and good service."}, {"review_id": "u7aactn9othwVTFO8Q4cXg", "user_id": "EjBHcISji917j4qsfeERKg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/26/2018", "text": "Walked in for lunch after reading reviews on Yelp..... I got my 3 free oysters for checking in... ordered another half dozen... they were AMAZING! Ordered the redfish as well.... the taste made my mouth very happy.... the waitstaff was quick and friendly... I'm very impressed overall.... highly recommend Mansurs to everyone!"}, {"review_id": "HQs1tFJr7ZAybc1v8yVSnQ", "user_id": "Yo6BfK-YJIiCIbHY5PDKPg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "10/24/2017", "text": "So, this was recommended from my boss so I decided to take a co-worker here. I will say it didn't start off good but quickly recovered. I walked in at 645 and was a little early, I was hoping for a beverage while I waited. I was seated right away and my co-worker showed up a few minutes later . I think they put us at a table and forgot to tell people we were there.  After 20-25  minutes of watching servers go back and forth I finally did what I hate when people do.Kind of flagged down someone to see if we can at least get a beverage. The poor guy had the look of fear and was apologetic, he went and found a server who was not apologetic and probably didn't realize we had been there that long. That being said, it was damn well worth the wait. Cocktails were perfect. Started with the charbroiled oysters, we opted for just plain charbroiled no crab or anything. These were pretty good size and had lots of flavor, we plowed through 9 of them thanks to checking in on yelp we got three free! We had the soup of the day which was a bisque that was absolutely amazing. I had the magi special with fried shrimp, my co-worker had a filet with oysters /crab cooked perfectly.I would definitely coma back to do it again. Hopefully minus the wait for a beverage!! (I'm sure it was a one off mix up)"}, {"review_id": "QD9iy8OurBpsKGSpMddWGQ", "user_id": "bWdJqXjntC7009OJcjeUUA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "7/26/2017", "text": "Came here with a group of four during Restaurant Week (three courses for $35) in July 2017. We were seated promptly at our reservation time. My husband and I shared the chargrilled oysters and the egg rolls (the former were a bit small, the latter were delicious!). For the main course, my husband's filet mignon was tender and cooked nicely, but nothing extraordinary. I ordered the Duck Mansur with some hesitation, but it was a fantastic choice! The sauce complemented the meat perfectly and the portions was generous. We both enjoyed the namesake duck more than the filet. For dessert, I ordered the chocolate chip cheesecake (a little sweet for me) and my husband had the bread pudding... the bread pudding itself was good but the sauce in which it was slathered was diabetes-inducing. Seriously... lighten up on the sugar. Overall, a very good experience and I'm glad we got to try this place."}, {"review_id": "EcvGYNXYbTF9_4ynu9tyFg", "user_id": "PIE78y5uvjyKAI_gCDGw-g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "7/24/2017", "text": "I had not been to Mansurs in about 10 years, and for the life of me, i don't know why not! My friends and I opted to take advantage of the Restaurant Week menu, and while I try not to rate somewhere based on RW, Mansurs certainly rose to the 5 star rating I give it. We started with drinks in the bar, and a nicely priced Pinot Noir hit the spot. The bar was a bit crowded, but again, it was a special week. The atmosphere was quite elegant with a casual touch. Once our table was ready, we were seated at a nicely sized table (there were 6 of us). We were right by the piano and, while nice and she was a very good player, it was a bit loud to be there in your ear. I also thought they could have shifted a bit as my chair, in particular, seemed to be in the unexpected lane of travel, and i was hit by several servers through the night. Our server was so friendly and was very attentive. She made sure that we were taken care of and had what we needed. She offered her suggestions and was very honest about each dish on the menu. Our table ordered a variety of items and none were disappointing.The crab cake was full of crab meat, and the breading did not overtake the meal. I tried some of the bisque, and that was lovely too, but i am happy with my selection. For my entree, I got the redfish with risotto. The risotto was cooked to perfection, and perched over it was the plank with the fish. It melted in your mouth. And then there was the dessert.... While I am really not a dessert fan, the Louisiana Lust was simply the best dessert I've had in quite some time. More or less a cookie pie, I was in love with the first bite. I hated to eat the last bite. I cannot wait to come back for another special occasion. This may be my choice over several other usual nice restaurants in town for the next birthday dinner. The experience was a very nice way for me to round out Restaurant Week."}, {"review_id": "iV03J_SB4bkNKuWO9D-f8w", "user_id": "ZDraBlgQ4gS9L2pDuucAAA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "7/21/2017", "text": "My wife and I ventured out to Mansurs for our anniversary dinner. It always happens to sync up with Restaurant Week, so we had the opportunity to try a good bit of the menu with the 3 course special. The restaurant was much bigger on the inside than I had envisioned. I was enchanted with the old world natural oak accents, exposed brick, and stucco walls. The dining area was very quiet despite being a packed house - the acoustics are fantastic for a nice relaxing dinner. We were also delighted that our little table for two was located in the same dining room as the grand piano. They had a pianist performing light jazzy melodies all night.I was pleased to see a wide selection of robust red wines by the glass. I'm a Cab fan, and they had about 5 different options in various price categories.We started with the Chargrilled Oysters and Crab and Brie bisque. The oysters had a nice balance of fattiness and acidity- your standard cheese, garlic, butter, and herb recipe. The Crab and Brie bisque warmed our bones! It was smooth and delicious. Very tasty. For the entrees, we both got the filet mignon. Both were cooked to perfection and well seasoned.Finally, we capped off the night with the Louisiana Lust and the Chantilly Cheesecake. The LA Lust was a dense cookie cake with pecans mixed in. It was pretty good (especially with the optional addition of ice cream), but a little rich for my taste. The Chantilly Cheesecake was a chocolate chip cheesecake with a light Italian Chantilly cream on top. It was great!We will definitely be back for another date night!"}, {"review_id": "38uosDO5Nsgv_rl6_fpPKQ", "user_id": "6qvFdkstnRjjcU_JJYVz7g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "First time going here in awhile last night. Chargrilled oysters are a must have. I had the ribeye, wife had the alfredeaux. Both outstanding. Bread pudding for dessert was also amazing. Andy was our waiter & gave excellent service all night. Can't say enough about the whole experience."}, {"review_id": "6EqqufiELv82gbWvITOewg", "user_id": "RYp_RLp6mJjDyHdv4UBUBA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/20/2017", "text": "I've been here twice and there's nothing that I don't love about this place. Food is absolutely amazing. I've had the red fish on cedar plank, chargrilled oysters, filet with garlic mash, and bread pudding. All just delicious!! Service is great and atmosphere is very chill."}, {"review_id": "q4QaNnt8Iadz9eZ00U84Kg", "user_id": "WaQs6MSljM0N7pGLpeMIYw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/27/2018", "text": "Let me just say that I haven't been to Mansur's since my junior prom. I won't say how long ago that's been, but let's just say that my 10 year reunion has come and gone. I wasn't exactly having the highest expectations and honestly probably wouldn't have gone if it wasn't Restaurant Week. Boy was I ever wrong! The food was outstanding and the service was impeccable. Our server and the manager were extremely pleasant and attentive the entire time. We checked in on Yelp for the 3 oysters and they were amazing! The sour cherry sauce on the duck eggs rolls was a stand out. No lie we dipped the bread in it afterwards. Entrees we're very good, but the real show stopper in terms of oh-dang-I -need-this-everyday was the Louisiana Lush dessert. Imagine a slice of cake that's really a slightly undercooked, warm chocolate chip cookie. I've already plotted my return based solely on this dessert. Mansur's has defiantly won me over!"}, {"review_id": "uPkeogmtW0-gRj0DD57GYA", "user_id": "jgkKv_xHvj4N4m4WvJFPbg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "1/29/2018", "text": "This place is \"okay\" in my opinion. I think my expectations were higher given the amazing reviews I read. My bf and I came here for date night, and we expected more for some odd reason. For starters, the ambiance is very romantic and warm. So definitely perfect for a date night! For our appetizers, we tried the charbroiled oysters and spinach dip. The oysters were probably my favorite thing of the night. So juicy and flavorful, topped with a squeeze of lemon juice. The spinach dip itself was good, but I wasn't a fan of the tortilla chips. I guess I've just had better. For our entree, neither of us were feeling steak, so I got the ultimate alfredeaux. Let me tell you, it's ultimate. I was a bit overwhelmed when I saw it come out in a big bowl! The dish itself was good, but the sauce was sooooo overwhelming. I felt like I was eating noodles drenched in sauce. You could've honestly brought the leftover pasta sauce home and make another batch of pasta. My bf got the duck mansur. Although the flavor was good, it wasn't anything special. We also tried the smoked Gouda Mac & cheese, and neither of us liked it. It was too smoked. It almost tasted burnt. We both still enjoyed our date night, and this place was worth trying out. Maybe next time if we come back, we'll try the steak instead"}, {"review_id": "7RCLN4vU8XjviKgQaHw1xA", "user_id": "PKNYovODih7nuGgqAwz-8g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/20/2017", "text": "Tonight went to celebrate my birthday.  The service was exceptional.  Our waiter was great, able to help with everything and we really enjoyed our special oyster appetizer for checking-in. Great flavor and the perfect start to the meal.  My son and daughter thought these were one the best parts of the meal.    My favorite dishes of the night were the crab and brie soup (my kids were fighting over who got to \"try\" the next bite to the point of them eating the majority).  The cedar plank redfish was really good I enjoyed the lemon caper sauce too.  Although the risotto was over seasoned with too much thyme, I didn't enjoy it and neither did anyone at the table.  The Duck was as promised exceptional.  My son had the stuffed shrimp, these had good flavor same stuffing as zydeco mushroom appetizer we had but the stuffing is so finely ground it become mush.  The Ultimate Alfredeaux was an amazing size portion.  My daughter really enjoyed i thought it could use a touch more seasoning as it was slightly bland.  Dessert though was really very amazing.  We had a dessert special of chocolate tort with raspberry sauce - great texture and flavor.  I had the Bailey's Cheesecake, it was the perfect birthday treat and I ate every bite.  I did not pick up the bowl and drink from it like my daughter with her berries and cream anglasie  Hers was really the perfect refreshing, light and tasteful dessert.  It was a wonderful night."}, {"review_id": "XmIHtF35k4ad091Cb6igTw", "user_id": "Ezp22tARnS-daT6UqpOm7A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/28/2018", "text": "Visited tonight while in Baton Rouge for a business trip. Summary:Get the chargrilled oysters. Leave happy you did."}, {"review_id": "9V7CoQz2jow-R0MsUZCvpg", "user_id": "4YLEZjZmxpWvRZPa0gDSDw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/1/2017", "text": "1 of 2 favorite higher end dining spots in BR. Their chargrilled oysters are amazing and you can get 3 free with your Yelp check-in which is awesome. Prepared right IFO you if you happen to sit at the bar like I do. I've always sat at the bar (been 3-4 times) and the staff is great! My favorite dish is the Alfredeaux- it is absolutely delicious and plump with all the seafood. I usually have leftovers for lunch next day and definitely take with me back to the hotel fridge- totally worth it.Othe entrees have been very good as well. Price is there for the quality of ingredients, etc."}, {"review_id": "Q27KTwkl2HbUKa5PO8DrEg", "user_id": "Em3N7YENkypeCWFDk6cU1g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/27/2017", "text": "We were in Baton Rouge on business and was recommended to eat at Mansurs by a local.  Highly recommended and after eating there I now highly recommend them as well.We were a large party of six and every item served was delicious.  Everything from the raw oysters to the mushroom appetizers were excellent.  The house cab wine was perfect.  The service was excellent.  When I checked in via Yelp we were rewarded with a free appetizer, chargrilled oysters THAT WERE DELICIOUS!Thanks you Yelp."}, {"review_id": "SEw3nPZ_YEJORrsp5BwiJA", "user_id": "nbEszrF4JG27tZ0mtwuSqA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/22/2017", "text": "I've been to Baton Rouge quite a few times on business but this was my first time trying Mansurs. A co-worker recommended it and I am so grateful! We sat at a table in the bar area, where there was a good sized crowd. The wine selection was great. I ordered a house salad and loved the dressing (house cheese vinaigrette) - very light and refreshing. For my entree I ordered the lobster tail. It was cooked perfectly and tasted great, as did the risotto that came with it. We saved room for dessert and ordered the bread pudding. Now, I'm quite picky with my bread pudding and didn't care for the raisins in it. Unfortunately I've had better tasting bread pudding and would skip it next time. Other than the dessert, this place was amazing and I can't wait to come back!!"}, {"review_id": "9I5kzdfGA1FulQMwZTNUsA", "user_id": "balhXuT7Pa2Sqb3cuTkDRA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/2/2017", "text": "If you check in you get 3 free char broiled oysters! They were delicious, I would probably order a dozen if I ever came back. I ordered the duck, chicken, and sausage gumbo which was really good but lacked some spice. The crab salad was pretty good but the dressing was a little too tart for my taste. Good chunks of crab. The service was very efficient."}, {"review_id": "49WNijz-QYCG4jLXlYYNYw", "user_id": "YiyxqIiL8QHOebstouxLpg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/15/2018", "text": "I went twice in one week, because I moved away and we all craved it.  The chargrilled oysters were so so so good!  We had some ??? raw oysters developed by an LSU professor that were also excellent.  And the Rockefeller oyster soup was delicious.  I asked if I could order the BBQ shrimp as an entree topping, with no entree, because I wasn't super hungry, and I was very pleased that they let me do it.  A year ago the dishes I ordered (different ones) were not as good, but I think it's just my taste buds like certain dishes and not others.  Oh, and the service was excellent."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/mansurs-on-the-boulevard-baton-rouge?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]