[[{"review_id": "WFiSTmab1ABILrvdcKzoBQ", "user_id": "rmHikSz-CJIlqo3AJBHBsw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Outstandingly NOLA food experience. Like other reviewers, I agree it's worth the wait. The line actually goes pretty fast because this is not a fine dining restaurant so people are probably done eating in less than an hour. The portions are generous and prices a very good value. I got the soft shell crab platter and my friend got the char grilled oysters. I'd say the grilled oysters are a must try. They were very tender with great flavor...not loaded down with cheese like baked oysters...although there was a lot of butter on them and a fine layer of cheese. Not overdone though. The soft shell crab was very good. Cole slaw was average but didn't take away from the experience. Hush puppies had a slight yellow cake taste (rather than grainy and savory). That gives you the feeling like you're getting away eating dessert while you're eating dinner. They serve the food as it comes out from the different stations so don't worry that they forgot your order if your dining companion gets theirs first. Considering the amount of mediocre, overpriced food in the French Quarter, this is a new favorite place to recommend. You're welcome!"}, {"review_id": "O3raRvjGugbOCZ2KX_iV7w", "user_id": "5mB5hOFKtM9YCs-Yytl9Lg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/9/2018", "text": "So many people suggested chargrilled oysters, I just had to give them a try. I was blown away! I like oysters, but I honestly don't know if I could ever have a raw oyster again without fantasizing these. The spices and garlic are invigorating as they're brought fresh off the grill. Get them! You won't be disappointed.I also had their gumbo, which was delicious and modestly apportioned with seafood, which is all I was looking for this trip to NOLA. Not the best I've ever had, but up there.The etouffé with fried crawfish was also delicious, but warm: like it had been sitting out a bit. A stark difference from the hot and fresh oysters and gumbo from before.If you're going with 1-3 other people, prepare to share a table. Embrace it. It enhances the experience! Make friends. It's NOLA and the conversations are lively!"}, {"review_id": "QUSbe4ngy0PHbiv3R1gzQA", "user_id": "phwieYi78MSvaFZCXK4XGQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "My boyfriend and I decided to try this on a whim when we were visiting New Orleans. We have heard of Acme Oyster but was not sure if it was a tourist trap but decided to try it when we walked by. Even though it was a Thursday afternoon, there was a line of about 20 people outside. We waited about 20 minutes and got seated at the bar. We ordered the chargrilled oysters, bang bang shrimp and gumbo. The shrimp and gumbo was good but the oysters are where it is at - they were so good! I do not like to eat oysters but these were so good I wanted to order more. The oysters were fresh and flavorful. Even though it is a tourist spot, this one is worth a visit. Pro tip: dip the bread in the oyster sauce."}, {"review_id": "5v_bPG5xInuXLTXNhtK4qA", "user_id": "83lK2Huqq_2jr4YUy8SUJA", "rating": 2.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "I'm disappointed to say that this place is vastly overrated. We stopped here first when we visited New Orleans for the first time. It was around 3,4 pm on Saturday afternoon and the line was super long. Our bill for three totaled about $63 pre tip. We got a dozen chargrilled oysters, a large seafood etouffee, and some soup.  The oysters were...crunchy.  There was sand in roughly half of the dozen we got.  It was overly cheesy.  The size of the oysters was vastly inconsistent. Overall...not a fan.  No one was fighting for the last oyster, you know what I'm sayin?Soup of the day was corn/crab bisque. I was so excited to eat it because CORN AND CRAB. Got a cup and when it came..let's just say, it was fun sized. And lukewarm. And ...I forgot that there was supposed to be crab in it when I was eating it because there was no trace of crab taste (either flavor or crab pieces). The seafood etouffee was yummy, but also lukewarm. We added the crawfish tail and it was $17.98 for the large size. Which wasn't that large.The bathrooms are super gross."}, {"review_id": "cksxDqOCYmMpcbzO8s8q3g", "user_id": "1fGQk63NNfSJGj3lxCzWhg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "It is my third time to Acme, and I still enjoyed going back. I loved their char-grilled oysters, the fried fish, and hushpuppies! It was to my surprise that we did not have to wait in line at all this morning. We showed up at around 11, and luckily, we were sat right away. To keep our stomach ready for some tea time brunch later, we only ordered 2 dozens of the chargrilled oysters and the fried seafood platter. The oysters were still as good as they were! I loved the parmesan topping on the oysters so much, and the butter was sooo good. My only complain is that the oysters were still very gritty like I have had previously. Not sure if it's because it's not being cleaned properly or not, but I had no such problem at another establishment.Otherwise, the fried seafood platter was great. The coating was perfect, not too much, not too little. The fish tasted very fresh, and the hushpuppies side was a sweet little kick!"}, {"review_id": "0D9uvF1nq2YredQJ8J0_rg", "user_id": "mfUqexGCiamAxeEzzxmijw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "I've been here many, many times and realized that I never wrote a review. To provide better context, I've eaten my way across the city - from holes in the wall all the way to Commanders Palace - and I'm from Atlanta. This place is an institution. It doesn't matter what time you go, you will wait in line. Again, you will wait in line. They don't take reservations or allow call ahead seating. The line moves really fast unless you've got a large group. This place isn't fancy by any stretch, but the food is legit. This visit, I had the seafood gumbo and seafood platter. The seafood gumbo was chock full of shrimp and crab and served with rice and was wonderful. The seafood platter is fried perfection. However, the hush puppies and fries weren't my favorites. I've wanted to get dessert, but have never had the room. I saw the bread pudding and peach cobbler at neighboring tables and vowed to try it next time. The service is always good - even when they're extremely busy - even at the bar. I'll see y'all next time! It's always one of my first stops."}, {"review_id": "sysKBufXVNub_lkjJH8uyw", "user_id": "XUnT1W_zRnUtms9svpa-Pw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "Classic Nola quarter joint serving super fresh oysters and really delicious po boys. The fried shrimp is my favorite but last time I went I order the half shrimp half oyster. Delicious. Perfectly fried with pickles and French fried on the side. Grab a seat at the bar and watch with amazement at the oyster shuckers."}, {"review_id": "gssf-17s1WLOyesCi7zwqA", "user_id": "TC4Gt0VopFAZDnUO_2q66A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "10/10 the best place for oysters in New Orleans, or even in the southern area. We're very lucky to make it there before the line appeared. We waited in the line for 30-45mins (not too bad for them oysters) We ordered 3 dozens of raw oysters,  2 dozens of charcoal grilled oysters, 2 orders of fried crawfish tail, and an order of boo fries. Everything was all tasty, but the star of meal are the oysters! You cannot have better oysters elsewhere!!!!! Therefore, I would recommend y'all try out ACME whenever y'all in New Orleans!"}, {"review_id": "2jJ9yo1GNWvl_nJg472JWQ", "user_id": "omtZLg0ryIeaJfLTM7JPIA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/7/2018", "text": "When I come back to NOLA, this will be my first stop & my last stop, too!**Warning:  If you do not love grilled oysters, you will love it after you eat here!  You will be obsessed!There was a long line when we went but since we were just 2, we were called to come ahead, yes!  If you are a big group, I recommend splitting into smaller ones.Great customer service & phenomenal food!Chargrilled Oysters:  My last meal on earth, this.  If that does not make you run to Acme, I do not know what will!  The sauce is heavenly!  But what makes these oysters perfect is their special blend of cheese that makes it so, incredibly creamy!  A must order!Boo Fries:  Similar to Poutine, but yummier!Boiled Crawfish:  Tasty!New Orleans Bread Pudding:  Unfortunately, they just heat this up.  It was still frozen in the middle."}, {"review_id": "MDlTR_NqEDuaSnoPd2V4NA", "user_id": "QngxwA3Oj6-YDwbyD93sHQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/6/2018", "text": "Well it's not hard to find this place being there is a line all the time. But it's worth waiting. I was a bit scared because you get a plastic menu like a chain restaurant but don't worry it's worth it. Our waitress was amazing and gave great recommendations. We had a bunch of stuff we went for the oysters and the charbroiled oysters are to die for. Even my wife ate them.  So much garlic, cheese and butter that you have plenty to sop up with your bread. May be a bit expensive but it's worth the wait and the price. Put it on the list!"}, {"review_id": "9K2VT6Tiu8f-HzUsE6R7cg", "user_id": "PoOAjJNa6T2PlD86UvGtQg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/30/2018", "text": "Cash and card accepted. Acme Oyster House is located on Iberville Street and is accessible by foot. I did not see many street parking spots available nearby.I went in on a weekday with my dad around 1:30 pm and it was the perfect timing because we only waited 5 min. The host and servers were super friendly and quick here.I ordered a pound of crawfish, coleslaw, beans and rice, and soup, and my dad got the half shrimp and half fish combo. Everything was really good and fresh! I would definitely recommend this place!"}, {"review_id": "WuggDHJgXZeMJQy2I2UCUA", "user_id": "Y9VVaJY4hbCzzWKXTSfTyQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "After coming back from a swamp tour on Monday at noontime, my boyfriend and I beelined our way to Acme to grab some lunch. With larger parties ahead of us, we were lucky when the manager cut our wait short and asked if we wanted to sit at the bar. Being as hungry for chargrilled oysters as we were, we responded with a heck yeah! To which the gentleman behind us (probably also anxious for oysters) jokingly exclaimed, \"Damn, I was hoping you were going to turn down that offer!\" Cue good natured laughter from everyone on line in hearing vicinity. I never knew I needed chargrilled oysters in my life until I tasted Acme's. We ordered a dozen to share and despite being piping hot, they were inhaled and the sauces mopped up with the delicious bread served on the side. If you come here and don't get oysters, what are you even eating? Although, warning: some of the oysters were smidgen sandy. The flavors were still amazing though. I got a shrimp and oyster poboy and my boyfriend got the fried shrimp and fish platter. Both were hefty and delicious- could really tide you over for the whole day. Acme is a super cool, divey place lit with neon signs all around. It's a place worth dining at when you're in town and dreaming about when you're not."}, {"review_id": "n5gKGEsH2Crg2R0LuIcMBQ", "user_id": "fYaiBMYHEh94DaqGzFfSoQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/22/2018", "text": "We waited a little in line, but they move very quickly so don't let that deter you! What might deter you is seeing your waitress touch her fake eyelashes and face multiple times before and after she brings your food to the table...or waiting fifteen minutes after being seated to even be acknowledged. Honestly the 3-stars are for the lacking service, the food was decent.We wanted oysters, so we ordered half a dozen chargrilled oysters for the table. However, we asked that they not be dipped in butter or topped with cheese.They said that they could decrease the amount of butter, but they needed it to grill it properly. We said fine, but all the oysters were basically swimming in butter sauce and we had to drain it slightly before eating. Really good though! We all ordered the New Orleans Medley! The gumbo was a little salty and didn't have much substance to it. The beans in the red beans and rice were a little more liquidy than I expected (and preferred). However, the grilled sausage and jambalaya were amazing and the real stars of the restaurant. If I came back, I would only order the jambalaya from here and get my gumbo fix at the Gumbo Shop or something."}, {"review_id": "WrQ1XHkCr-vevQVV4D5tMQ", "user_id": "jbnhgQm1I7Xnh9jTcPQH7Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/20/2018", "text": "There's a lot of competition for dinner patrons in NOLA and this place does a ton of business. We stood in line for 45 minutes to eat here and try primarily one thing, their chargrilled oysters. And let me tell you that my only regret is that we didn't order a larger portion. Succulent and smoky. Everything we had was great and we ended too full for dessert. Service was also very good but you should note that the restaurant is VERY loud because they pack you in like sardines!"}, {"review_id": "0FEm1CKEtXRPaUvW5P0TLQ", "user_id": "Ulqdx37tpcmtlxHWSOe_HQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "I have to say I love this place. The oysters were excellent. The service was the on point. I know it can get a little touristy and crowded but be patient it's worth it. The place was full of life and laughs the day we went. I like the fact that we could see the oysters being cooked in front of everyone. Again, if you don't like large crowds or wait times this might not be for you but if you want to give it a try...you probably won't be disappointed."}, {"review_id": "kSA5vzmrFbcvaHtYViG7lQ", "user_id": "5TTNa5UZPGSnSLwnMmXTvw", "rating": 1.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "This restaurant is an overcrowdedDirty version of an old fashionedBennigans or applebees.You are forced to sit at tablesWith people you don't know.Service and food qualityWere below par.Will not return"}, {"review_id": "jvBAjNA-DJ9G7qKCx011Fg", "user_id": "iRstX0a2QRu5os3eloEQhg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/23/2018", "text": "We were on vacation and ate her on a recommendation. Since it was crawfish season we decided to try some along with some oysters. We live in CA and have had plenty of oyster and these by far are the best we've ever had anywhere !!! The oysters were tender and had a sweet flavor to them that's without the cocktail sauce. The sauce taste like a combination of horseradish and cocktail mixed together what a compliment to the oysters. The crawfish was perfectly seasoned not no salty very savory and pared well with their local IPA \" Big Daddy IPA \"You will not be disappointed. Just know if you have to stand in line it goes fast."}, {"review_id": "sy1Ad1pJ_ydRQoAuyGYGsQ", "user_id": "yUJ3iif5wtqTBjJeWOa9Ng", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/19/2018", "text": "Came to Acme for lunch on a Sunday, it was absolutely packed! We had to wait outside for seating, but it didn't take very long.The red hue lighting filled the restaurant with plenty of seating, and it has a sports bar vibe. The staff was friendly and energetic.The food was amazing! As someone who isn't an oyster fan, I was able to appreciate the freshness of the raw oysters. The chargrilled oysters were so good we ordered extra, and the fried soft shell crab platter was well seasoned and fried to pure goodness. This place is a Nola must!"}, {"review_id": "1pRWgdzpjfZ7G9FcTiZhfA", "user_id": "BzLUyHSJrl-lUVWw9rqlvQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/25/2018", "text": "Our first meal in NOLA was the Acme Oyster House. Since it early already early afternoon and dinner reservations were coming up we decided to grab a quick and simple meal. Luckily throughout our vacation to the Big Easy by making reservations we really missed all the lines and long waits. Acme was very busy but we were seated right away. Our order consisted of a couple dozen oysters, a couple ponds of boiled crayfish, and a fried seafood platter. The NOLA oyster is different from the Pacific oysters, they are bigger and meatier. The Pacific coast oysters are more briny and harder in texture. The NOLA oysters are softer. We ordered the first pound of Cajun boiled crawfish, they were so good we ordered another pound.  The best item of the meal was the breaded fried fish of the seafood platter. I forgot to ask what kind of fish it was but it was so tender. With the platter there is fried oysters, shrimp, fries and slaw.  Acme is a super casual restaurant some paper plates and disposable plastic cups are used but the food was excellent. The line to get in was 30 deep by the time we left."}, {"review_id": "MN8QsJxjlcwFw10lX-YGew", "user_id": "JZrKi23Q0ZSvDWieRhjupw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "This was an OK place, but not impressive. I might have felt differently had I not have had the grilled oysters at Neyow just the day before, which were significantly better. I also had the seafood gumbo here, which was OK but a bit watery with a very small amount of actual seafood in it. However, I did enjoy the crab cake. I really liked its taste and texture. That was the best part of the meal. This seems to be a very popular place, with lines extending outside and wrapping around the corner on a regular basis. Maybe I am too picky, but I got that feel of a restaurant-chain type of food, which was re-enforced by the sub-par service. Overall, the food was OK, the service what you'd expect in a very busy place where it feels like they don't really care, so not a place I would want to go back to."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/acme-oyster-house-new-orleans?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]