[[{"review_id": "3bX5BDg2Ek7DjyloLcfpqg", "user_id": "13ZAPxr6DPkzK71_nGNi3w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "Incredible meal. We had a bottle of the Uruguayan tannat, which was lovely. Started off with the crawfish Beignet and the beets on a cloud. Incredible dishes both of them.For entrees the black drum and the shrimp and grits. Both of them very complex dishes, fresh and flavorful. The portions were generous too.And for dessert the blue cheese flan which was the best dessert I've had in New Orleans yet. One of the best meals we had here and would love to come back!"}, {"review_id": "o2ygVFYQVHFZjTJwgY6Bbg", "user_id": "CSsZKyjgef2GS20JtP4W2w", "rating": 1.0, "date": "4/23/2018", "text": "Food = ?Price = ?Experience = 1Pretentious bartender was trying to rush me to place WHOLE order... you could tell he wasn't pleased that I sat at the bar with 30 min until close."}, {"review_id": "wKSZLIUk0zzQ7-ELCys9Mg", "user_id": "sYDw_28joeT7VoA8qNVsxw", "rating": 1.0, "date": "4/19/2018", "text": "I must say I was taken aback that we were a table of 5 and the maitre d dam to our table and said are y'all ordering another bottle of wine because we turn our tables every two hours and if not you need to leave. We were not even ready to order dessert as our waitress spilled two drinks on us as the table was uneven .It's a shame as the food is good bit staff is assholeish Don't bother"}, {"review_id": "u-SErtSKO3xhtVH1rF-axw", "user_id": "iiy3wCfkTbYqwZMVO7NbSg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Consider your trip to Louisiana incomplete if you haven't dined here. We will never forget our brunch experience here. You will not regret starting off with any crawfish appetizer nor will you regret the crawfish eggs benedict entree. It is fresh, the portions will hold you over to enjoy their bloody mary bar, and it is so New Orleans in flavor I can't explain it. The complex seafood flavor and the spices and seasoning are super memorable. We also loved the etouffe omelette and turtle and alligator sausage gumbo. I was very skeptical about such an exotic gumbo but honestly, it's the most flavorful dish I've ever had. The only thing that makes me weary about recommending​ this widely is the poor service. The servers were fantastic but the host and manager were a pill."}, {"review_id": "98e12uLdrGj1mj1De0vVvQ", "user_id": "WwmWdDCJREohcxQqfnOL-A", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "Probably our least favorite restaurant meal in NOLA. The drinks were amazing but the service at the bar was a little spotty (only one bartender who was really busy). Our friends liked their Bloody Mary (they have a BM bar) but did say that it may be best to leave making Bloody Mary's to the professionals.We waited about 45 minutes for a table for 4. The restaurant is cute and feels almost like dining in someone's mansion. The food, however, just wasn't that great and the brunch menu was limited when we went in terms of Cajun/creole food which is why we came here in the first place. The dishes weren't memorable or particularly flavorful-I can say that the petite corn muffins were delicious but everything else wasn't worth the wait. Our server was kind but shoutout to a waitress who brought us hot sauce and was a hot sauce fan/gave us some great recs for getting hot sauce in NOLA."}, {"review_id": "ExrUHC18VBFmLq2SQEdxbg", "user_id": "ZQ-9kUNQ6FjNLcPxPWyZNQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/5/2018", "text": "This was my favorite meal in New Orleans! We came here around lunch time on a weekday and only had to wait about 10 minutes. Seeing the yelp reviews, we really wanted to try the crawfish eggs Benedict but it wasn't on the menu anymore. We asked about it anyways and our server was so nice to ask the kitchen who was able to make it for us anyways. So glad we were able to try the crawfish Benedict. The crawfish pieces were big and crispy and everything went so well together. The duck hash was also amazing. I was surprised that there were berries in it but it was a nice sweet contrast in every bite. I pretty much licked the plate clean, it was just that good. The portions were perfect and filling enough without that feeling of being overstuffed. It's also located in the Garden District so you can take a nice stroll through magazine street afterwards. This is a must for anyone visiting New Orleans! Also American Horror Story Coven was filmed here so you get to pretend you're a witch too."}, {"review_id": "HhqYtj4D-mNTADqlqOiCEA", "user_id": "ELfP3v7fG_C1xiB0bEaJuA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/12/2018", "text": "One of the best brunches I've ever had. Every thing I tried was incredible, from the cappuccino to the crawfish tails.Yogurt and Granola: So delicious. The vanilla yogurt is just a touch sweet and pairs perfect with the house made granola. Local Vegetable Omelette: Easily one of the best omelettes I've had. The oil they use is infused with herbs (YUM), the eggs were cooked perfectly, and the veggies were fresh. Shrimp and Grits: Best shrimp and grits I've had so far-they're incredibly creamy and flavorful. I don't have any other words because words won't do these shrimp and grits justice.Treme Po Boy: Okay, so I only tried the crawfish tails because I'm too chicken to try boudin yet, but our friend that ate this absolutely loved it (and obviously the crawfish tails were amazing)The service was also on point, our server was friendly, organized and our food came out quite quickly. The environment is fun too. Last thing I'll say is definitely make a reservation-we came on a Monday around noon and there was a 35 minute wait (luckily, we had a reservation though). That in itself shows how good this place is. So far, this has been the best brunch I've had in New Orleans. I can't wait to come back and would highly recommend it to anyway visiting that is looking for a brunch spot in the garden district!"}, {"review_id": "DpmMtL-g8lBNZBqYGms8Cg", "user_id": "nynCdsDYV1yQm69fkkCdwg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/5/2018", "text": "This was probably my favorite meal in New Orleans. We walked in here on Mardi Gras weekend and they didn't have any seats available inside (only for reservations). So we took the adorable patio outside. We ordered the shrimp and grits (which were my favorite dish of the meal and my favorite shrimp and grits I've ever had), fried chicken (close second), fried green tomatoes and the duck hash (overly salty for me). Everything was honestly delicious, the staff were kind and I just wish we could experience the live jazz inside!Make a reservation here and also enjoy their Bloody Mary bar!"}, {"review_id": "RN_u5Uo3MkQKPZiq3n21Gg", "user_id": "vSzO0rw4EU_lQD4L-v7HKg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/3/2018", "text": "Quality food & drinks, service & atmosphere. My favorite place to take out visiting out-of-towners.This is without a doubt my favorite place for SHRIMP & GRITS. It's extremely rich, flavorful, yet balanced perfectly with subtle freshness and tanginess from the garnishes. The way they infused the dish with shrimp fats and juices packed every bite with creamy savory goodness--you can just tell they used a rich shrimp broth that must have taken a whole day (or more) to make. The sizable grilled shrimp served whole (head intact) tasted fresh and again, packed full of flavor.My friend got the FRIED OYSTER POBOY with the largest fried oyster I've ever seen. Not shriveled up like the ones I've had from other places. The oysters were still so juicy with a crunchy, thick batter all over. Other delicious items: Duck Hash, Atchafalaya Benedict. Both amazing if you're going for a ~lighter~ breakfast. The BLOODY MARYS bar was the highlight. You can order your vodka base from a list and go over to the bar to select your tomato juice (they got 3 different kinds) and a wide variety of pickled items. I'm usually not a big fan of the drink but had to change my mind after I tasted their tomato base, especially with the crunchy pickles.Service is wonderful and attentive as always. We made a reservation but ended up coming an hour early and was seated immediately! (3 people for Friday brunch). Atmosphere is light and sunny--like springtime in New Orleans. This is my third time back and definitely will not be my last."}, {"review_id": "Dx5FAD3b2S6Kw9_0OKpSfA", "user_id": "0H2ggT37lK8hsbH8aGR1Ug", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/25/2018", "text": "11/25/17This beautiful restaurant serves the epitome of Sunday Brunch, but for every day!  We sat outside at a wooden table in their petite garden, under a grand parasol, just taking a moment to enjoy the sun and cool morning air fragranced by flowers.  The light framed my beautiful gf to perfection while our table-neighbors played with their big dog.  Everything just felt so nice.And the mood would be heightened further more by deliciousness!...1. Coffee $42. Duck Fat Sazerac $12 \"duck fat washed sazerac rye, peychaud's bitters, herbsaint\":  What a wonderful cocktail creation!  The waitress was right--the duck fat lends a bit of a smooth rich texture, more felt than tasted.  The liquid was woody, balanced by orange citrus.  The only thing keeping this cup from being perfect was perhaps a bit too generous use of sugar that slightly overcomes the potential complexity.  Otherwise, very very nice.  9/103. Shrimp & Grits $25 \"head-on gulf shrimp, andouille, smoked tomatoes, cream cheese grits\":  Not your dad/mom's shrimp and grits for sure.  The grits were super ultra creamy, and extremely smooth.  Guess that cream cheese really works!--I gotta try cooking this at home.  Also, the shrimp was actually cooked surprisingly well, meaning the flesh was tender and juicy and with just the right amount of rawness to taste plenty of that brain juice and sumptuously rich guts.  The whole dish was totally covered with sauce, yet magically overall it remained light tasting--how?, no clue, who cares.  Delicious!  10/104. Eggs Louisianne $22 \"jumbo lump crab cake, poached eggs, Rockefeller spinach, hollandaise\":  More often than not these days, restaurants skimp so hard on the crab.  Ever order crab cake and get plenty of that cake and none of the crab?  Yeah, we all have cause that's how it is most of the time.  But, here hell no!--the crab cake is nearly pure lump crab!  Just enough binder to keep it all together, but it's pretty much invisible to sight and taste.  Just pure crab awesomeness on your palate!  And course, the eggs were cooked perfectly, as you would expect of this place.  9/105. Bananas Foster Waffle $14 \"rum sauce, banana, whipped cream, powdered sugar\":  Well, I have mixed feelings on this one.  The waffle was very soft but still very rich.  Great.  BUT, this was NOT bananas foster.  Just serving a tub of rum sauce on the side and raw bananas on top does NOT make something magically bananas foster.  Like come on Atchafalaya, you're better than this!  Where's the caramelized bananas?--the hot and cold ice cream?--flambe???  It all tasted great and I would say 8/10 for taste alone...... but if you're gonna label your food anything, it better live up to its name!  3/10Want brunch in New Orleans?  Come here.  Period.(Still thinking about it?--tell your brain to shut up.  Just come.)5/5#neworleans #sundaybrunch #brunch #breakfast"}, {"review_id": "62-mb9mklWns6pH6HZkwxg", "user_id": "xxjE4zcuIdKnEc_fja2NWA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/28/2018", "text": "BRUNCH REVIEW:The short: perfect brunch spot with great food & good service--and a few tables for outdoor seating. The longer: my friend who lives in NOLA recommended this spot, and I'm SO happy she did. It was nice to get away from the tourist areas. We came at 1PM on a weekday, and it was pretty crowded - but we were able to snag a hightop table outside. We started with wine (I had a really great chardonnay) and beer. They had a pretty extensive Bloody Mary bar, but I'm not into the Bloodys. We started with the beet salad. It was SO GOOD-- one of the best salads I've had in a long time. There were three different color beets, goat cheese & little pieces of grapefruit. For brunch I ordered the crawfish omelette. I was not at all expecting it to be covered in a creamy sauce, but it was... and it was quite delicious (but a little heavier than I wanted). My boyfriend got the duck hash with blackberries and it was incredible. I would definitely come back here when I come back to NOLA, and would highly recommend it for a delicious brunch!"}, {"review_id": "N10z6mKbvlmV69YEfA78YA", "user_id": "FjpfRE7uoBpKmh9m01q2Vg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/21/2018", "text": "Brunch on a Saturday!  One of my favorite meals this trip!  Cute house location and make reservations!  We got seated right away and live music started shortly after which was nice.  Waiter apologizes and warns us the kitchen is backed up so could take awhile. That just meant we could listen to the live entertainment longer.  Nothing lost here.  We settled on etouffee omlet and eggs Atchafalaya to split!  Both were amazing!!!  Yum yum!  I tried the etoufee first and loved the flavor!!  So delicious you'll want to lick the plate!  Eggs Atchafalaya was poached eggs on top of fried green tomatoes with hot blue crab!  What a combination.  Also was excellent!  We are so glad we did get both since we were full from all our eating.  Friendly service and our water was always filled.  We didn't think about it until it was too late but we could have gone back on Sunday. Go go go!!"}, {"review_id": "GYr0oZiWweKAgmdm6fughA", "user_id": "mGiUnXUc9iX_WAha4I5QNQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/11/2018", "text": "If you're on a budget and wanting to pass on this place because of the $$ sign, DON'T. It was hands down one of the best meals that we had in NOLA.My group all ordered different items from​ the menu, which is probably the best way to go if there are multiple items that you have your eye on. You know when you order an overpriced menu item and the food portion that arrives is only about a palm of your hand? That's not the case with Atchafalaya. All of the portions were more than enough for each individual.Our group ordered the Duck Hash, Etoufee Omelette, Low Country Benedict, Atcha-pho-laya and even got to try the Eggs Atchafalaya because of an order mess-up. All were flavorful and delicious. The only​ thing to keep an eye out on is the fact that the Atcha-pho-laya is merely a play on words. We had a majority of Vietnamese people in our group and when we read the ingredients of the item, which includes udon noodles and pork belly, we knew that it would be more of a ramen dish than pho.All in all, we had a great time here because nothing we ordered was disappointing despite the heftier prices."}, {"review_id": "pGCOlV9THK_0UKU4icpIxw", "user_id": "3h8syvP0p47XvLHQT1atLA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/18/2018", "text": "Went for brunch for a party of 2 at 12:45 pm on a Friday. Restaurant was full and I was glad we had a reservation. We were seated by a friendly and energetic host/waiter. Decided to start with the make-you-own Blood Mary bar. You pick your alcohol (got the cheapest at $9) then mix it with the Blood Mary Mix and a myriad of toppings like celery, crumbled bacon, hot sauces, pickled veggies, etc. The friendly host/waiter even gave me a small plate so that I could get more toppings. It was my very first Bloody and I enjoyed it! Sure is an acquired taste though!The menu is really interesting - almost every item has 1+ Cajun/Creole ingredients and there's a tempting variety of traditional breakfast fare mixed with sandwiches, fried chicken, etc. With my out-of-town visitor, it took us a while to comb through the menu to make the best selection. Our waitress checked on us about 3 times before we were finally ready to order. She was extremely rude and said something along the lines of \"I hope you like what you pick since you've taken so long to decide...\" she then laughed to herself and tried to rephrase so that it didn't sound so rude. We were appalled! A few minutes later she brought us some complimentary small cornbread bites seemingly to make up for being rude to us. Food came out very quickly. We had the crawfish etouffee omelette and the low country benedict. The omelette was a generous portion size, the sauce was creamy and tasty without being too thick or heavy, and I liked all the small crawfish on top! My friend enjoyed her benedict. The alligator sausage was well-spiced and tasty, and the use of red beans and rice as the \"English muffin\" base was really creative!Overall, great atmosphere, great and inventive food, quick service, but one rude waitress that dampened the whole experience! Not enough to drop a star though."}, {"review_id": "VPnheKnj5ujr-T94KdVroA", "user_id": "moNhelvHfXSh2BtlpGiDvw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "A make your own bloody mary bar.Let that sink in for a moment.Yes, Atchafalaya has such a beautiful thing and it's right when you walk in! My boyfriend and I had made a reservation for brunch weeks prior to our annual New Orleans trip simply because the fine folks of Yelp guided us in the direction of Atchafalaya for a solid brunch. They were not wrong. The first thing I noticed on the menu was this bar where you choose a vodka and then the rest is up to you. The waiter brings you a shot of vodka in a glass, you go back toward the entrance and ta-da, a house Bloody Mary mix, plain tomato juice, so many hot sauces I thought I would explode from sheer joy, and condiments/add-ons all over. I was quite pleased with my creation: Louisiana vodka, house mix, horseradish, bacon, Louisiana hot sauce, and olives. I did a happy dance as I walked back to our table with my fine creation in hand.Okay so there's more to this fabulous place than just boozy drinks that are acceptable to consume before noon on a Sunday. First of all, this place must have once been a house. Various half-levels, different dining rooms, a porch/patio/outdoor dining area. Beautiful floor boards and high ceilings. Lovely bar when you first walk in. The restaurant itself is a work of art and makes you feel right at home (the chairs are even super comfy).The brunch menu is impressive. I went with the eggs Atchafalaya. Eggs benedict over fried green tomatoes with spinach, blue crab, and homemade hollandaise sauce. Good lord, it was delicious! I ate every last bite, which is rare for me. My boyfriend had the bananas foster waffle. Oh em gee, the rum sauce instead of syrup....I want to pour it on everything - everything, I tell you! The waffle was nice and crispy and fresh. He got a side of bacon based off the suggestion of our waiter to counter the sweetness of the dish. Fried to perfection and went well with the rum sauce. Service is also fantastic here. The host was great, the waiter was great, everyone was just so friendly and nice. My one tiny issue is the bathroom. The stall doors are held together by a hook so if you don't know someone is in there you kind of go to pull it open and you can almost see who's inside. However! We ladies are pretty understanding when that happens so it all worked out but they might want to invest in better doors.Overall, solid brunch place that I will add to my rotation next time I'm in town. Make a reservation!"}, {"review_id": "RrYW2wxEbqVxXKeHA-jzzA", "user_id": "GF-UBIwA0gEcUbAkve6s3A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/15/2018", "text": "Grabbed some brunch here while on vacation.  I intended to listen to some live jazz, but I made my reservation too early.  I just assumed that the band would be playing when they opened at 10:00.  Still, we took our time and heard a little bit of music towards the end of our meal.The brunch menu includes a bunch of Southern classics that have been modernized in a good way.  There were four of us at the table and I don't think anyone had a bad dish.  The bloody mary bar is pretty comprehensive and they have an eclectic selection of vodkas to choose from.Would totally resist this place for brunch, but i would make my reservations an hour later.  LOL"}, {"review_id": "H5c186c-ibK8qDGOq7rXNQ", "user_id": "ck1FtZr0wYXv7HBV5bU8ZA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "A trip to New Orleans is not complete without a visit to Atchafalaya!Excellent food everytime!We get:Shrimp & Grits which is basically head on gulf shrimp served in a sauce of smoked tomatoes and served on the dreamiest cream cheese grits.- If you don't order this dish be prepared to regret it for the rest of your life.Chicken & Biscuits- a huge portion of lip smacking fried chicken. Easily shared between two people.Jalapeno cornbread - as good as it getsThe front waiting room has a DIY Bloody Mary bar which is bloody fabulous!"}, {"review_id": "yJc5cL4-hsAnRGJla6mUnA", "user_id": "F0IP7FuJLricwiqW_6ol6Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/5/2018", "text": "This was the first meal I had in New Orleans during my weekend trip and it set the tone perfectly for the food adventures to come. I've always loved New Orleans style cooking but damn, the people here just blow my mind. Don't think I'll ever eat Cajun anywhere else again. Came for brunch. Parking sucks, but that's not unique to Atchafalaya. We ordered: grapefruit Bellini, shrimp and grits, chicken & biscuits, duck hash, and the étouffée omelet. We had \"an hour\" wait but was more like 20 mins. Everything was delicious, but things could've been better. Duck hash barely had duck, the étouffée omelet fell a little flat in flavor, the chicken and biscuits were divine (biscuits are the PERFECT amount of sweetness and fluff), and the shrimp and grits were above average, though I've had better. I would say omelet and chicken and biscuits were the better two dishes, but over all still an amazing meal!Qualms: the price is a little steep compared to some nearby places, and the place is a little tiny. If you're cool with that then this would probably be the perfect place to come for a bougier but unarguably delicious meal."}, {"review_id": "NrqvoietiJvJH0qw_HsZaA", "user_id": "ncIHRw4Vx3Wh9mZhLZxB7g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/25/2018", "text": "Sunday Brunch at Atchafalya was the best book end to our amazing NOLA road trip.  Reservations are a must.  My husband made reservations several weeks in advance.  The current owners, Rachael Jaffe and Tony Tocco, took over in 2008. The space has a great ambiance and is intimate, and cozy.  The energy was vibrant for a Sunday morning, amped by a great local musician in the front entrance / bar area.  While the volume was a tad on the louder side, you could still carry a conversation comfortably.The menu focuses on innovative New Orleans dishes, craft cocktails, and a decent wine menu.  Their brunch highlights an impressive build your own Bloody Mary bar.  Their craft cocktails were EXTREMELY tasty as well.  Hard too make a choice.  The food here was impeccable.  Everything was delicious.  We each ordered something different and shared.  There was no mediocre or bad dish amongst the bunch. All were equally awesome.  I don't think it is possible to go wrong here.  It stood up to all the hype we had read about this being the best brunch in NOLA.  Highly recommend. The service was friendly and knowledgeable."}, {"review_id": "dZQvYQNKgaY_watVNN9cqA", "user_id": "OmFAlaOBZSX66T9QODyaaA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "We went to dinner there and ALL of the food was outstanding! YOU MUST GET THE fried green tomatoes !! They're incredible! And I had the duck, and it was so delicious! Also, they had mustard and pretzel ice cream and Thai chili ice cream which were both very tasty!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/atchafalaya-restaurant-new-orleans?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]