[[{"review_id": "wPnJBaY5QnoBYxVS_T25Gg", "user_id": "xxzqdck_y4aHXcYq3K1AYg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/9/2018", "text": "My friend and I wandered in on our first day in NOLA for a lunch. Our biggest mistake was eating at Royal House first because we had such high standards for cajun cuisine after eating here (no other restaurant could compare). We ordered the crab claws, a few po boys, and char-grilled oysters. The po boys were perfectly fine, but the oysters and crab claws were absolutely divine. The sauce with the crab claws was a tangy deliciousness that had a 'homestyle cooking' feel. The oysters were not rubbery and grilled to perfection. I highly recommend eating here to anyone who wants to experience good N'awlins-style cookin."}, {"review_id": "uSfWOW9Jjl3acONgb6rwgA", "user_id": "uz_imGYs_FHNjS6soiSqiw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "My friend and I popped in for a light lunch. We really enjoyed our meal. We shared oysters and the crawfish etouffee.My friend ordered a hurricane- she said it was just right. Our server, Ariel, was very sweet and attentive. We actually walked past the restaurant again later that night and talked to the manager about how sweet our server was and left a second tip. We will be back."}, {"review_id": "ugMrSZtyJ4v3KhjtrLWVlQ", "user_id": "hxAmOOv9Y3Z6prcNGICtZA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "Wow! This place is wonderful! Christopher our wonderful and friendly server! Thank you for your hospitality. The manager she was super nice. She comp'd our appetizer because the kitchen made a mistake and served our entrees before the appetizer.We had the crab claws (super flavorful and pure heavenly delicious), the shrimp creole and the shrimp PO boy. The food was just bursting with flavors and not heavy at all!!!What a great and positive experience here at the Royal House!"}, {"review_id": "X2Mm7qVzHIdY6jnISsloOA", "user_id": "yCLhbgrhy1TiuiElL7NOxg", "rating": 2.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "I was genuinely excited to try this place out. First the interior, you are in such close quarters that whenever someone walks by you are constantly getting bumped. The service is slow, we ordered our appetizer and by the time we got our appetizer midway through our main course arrived. Now i ordered the roast beef po boy, terrible choice because the meat was way too salty and the gravy that came with it was not a good mix with the bread. The only upside of this experience was the redfish beignet appetizer which was much better than the entree. I would say not the best experience as there are too many other great places to try in this area for me to come back to this place."}, {"review_id": "qRN8CNLxsRRYOTSmyyP88g", "user_id": "qT7MjiUE09NMVSqihDpVyQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "We were in search for Chargrilled Oysters at around 9:30pm, and this was the only place famous restaurant which was open till late. And thank you very much for that.Our service guy was very enthusiastic and took good care of us and also recommended what to have. So we ended up having Shrimp Creole, a dozen Chargrilled Oysters and Blackened Redfish. Man-O-Man the Shrimp Creole was fantastic served in the tomato sauce and little bit of lemon on it, definitely finger licking good. The Chargrilled Oysters and Blackened Redfish were great too."}, {"review_id": "DEhjyEcCVuXbVPRPnLSp_Q", "user_id": "Xk2nwdwEMU76G5MpuQZ9RQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "Each time I come to New Orleans, I stop by Royal House. I love the ambiance and the prices are reasonable for the type/caliber of restaurant. Today was the first time I had the opportunity to sit on the balcony. Great view and great food, what could be better?I came with my mom (her first time here and NOLA) and we started with the crab claws. Hands down my favorite thing on the menu. I also got oysters. The charbroiled were the best. I'm a big oyster connoisseur so I tried two of each (Rockefeller, Royale and Charbroiled). Skip the other two and go right for Charbroiled. It's totally worth it! Last, I got an oyster po'boy BLT. Yum. The sauce is great. I added a dash of hot sauce and was a happy clam. Our server Billy was amazing and made us feel welcome and happy.The only ding I'll give is my drink. I got a Makers 46 julep. It was a bit watery. Other than that, all around great lunch."}, {"review_id": "55un3ueEN10xtoYA6mfiFw", "user_id": "GNk3IDzVLSz8elX0LO2sVQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/4/2018", "text": "Royal House delivered! We walked in and were immediately seated at a table that overlooked St Louis St.We ordered a glass of rosé and an Abita. Both were delicious. To start we ordered raw oysters on the half shell and they oysters were huge! I ordered french onion soup, lots of cheese and salt, but oh so good!We also ordered the Taste or New Orleans and that had crawfish étouffée, red beans and rice, and jambalaya. All were very tasty, a bit salty and not much andouille in the jambalaya. Overall a great meal and great service. Loved the ambiance."}, {"review_id": "xpg3Tzbs896a-FMiRoiWsQ", "user_id": "omtZLg0ryIeaJfLTM7JPIA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/7/2018", "text": "If this place is not on your to eat list for NOLA, put it on now!  A must go to!As the name states, located on popular Royal Street.  We came on Easter afternoon & was seated within 15 minutes.  We sat upstairs.  I wish I had asked to sit on the balcony because there was a parade going on that I wanted to see!  & when I, & others, went out to look, we were quickly redirected to sit back down in our section.  I do not understand why, because there was a lot of space & we were not interrupting people's meals.  It was truly annoying!Other than that, customer service was very friendly.  Food came out quick & was very tasty!Bloody Mary:  Strong!Crab Claws:  I am seriously kicking myself right now for not order 2 of these!  It was definitely 1 of my top 5 things I had eaten in NOLA!  The sauce was killer yummy, so savory.  The crab claws were juicy, I could have eaten 100 of them.Peel-n-Eat Shrimp:  Fresh & beasty!  Light butter sauce.  Served with corn-on-the-cob& boiled potatoes.Fried Alligator:  Delicious, tender meat.Pecan Pie:  Not your typical Pecan Pie.  Custard inside with pecans, & a graham cracker crust.  Different, but good, but I still like the original version better.  Vanilla ice cream for extra."}, {"review_id": "WpJdLxpxpQcDSlhJi2jY5w", "user_id": "39bL-LzL78Cag8R9L8yXPA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/10/2018", "text": "Backstory: Only had a few hours left in New Orleans and was looking for a nice place to grab a bite with my colleagues. We read numerous reviews of places within walking distance and chose Royal House. We were promptly seated by a very nice waiter. I asked for suggestions and his answer was seafood pescatore. Not too surprised it was one of the most expensive menu options, but I went with his word and ordered it. Food took a reasonable time to come out. The place seemed well staffed, something I always appreciate. I was deeply disappointed when right on top were two empty mussel shells. Not only that, there was a closed off clam shell as well. I can look past this to a point, but was surely disappointed. Not only that, but there were shell bits throughout the bowl. Ouch!! I won't discredit the taste of the pasta though. The sauce had a nice heat and I really enjoyed it. My colleagues ordered gumbo that didn't come with a spoon. Uncertain if that was intentional or not. They both ordered the alligator bites and thought they were just okay, required the cocktail sauce it came with. The waiter started to lose our love for him as the lunch went on. He kind of disappeared. He offered me a refill and never brought it. My colleague requested more sauce and he never brought it. We asked twice for a split bill and he still delivered one check. Overall the experience was interesting. There was way too many potential restaurant options to probably ever go back."}, {"review_id": "dWboHfZPXMX2xPnQABuvow", "user_id": "patyuahoCWDWfkG71LEvMw", "rating": 2.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "We were seated promptly on a Sunday evening, and the order was taken almost immediately, including crab claws, chargrilled oysters, crawfish ravioli, and a taster. We waited 45min, and were only told that the kitchen was behind when we looked for our waitress. Crab Claws 4/5 - The crab claws contain minimal meat, but the sauce was incredible. No complaint with coupon.Chargrilled oysters 3/5 - the oysters taste similar as surrounding restaurant offerings, however, they were dry and chewy, with strong indication of being overcooked.Crawfish Ravioli 2/5 - dry and chewy. Most flavor came from the tomato sauce, with some texture of crawfish. I prefer Trader Joe lobster ravioli.....The meal ended up taking 2 hours, including an hour wait between ordering and receiving food. With the service and price, the time and money can be better spent elsewhere."}, {"review_id": "xBXx4CULpaiKrR4fuRgwtg", "user_id": "B8VwxDCvEr_eyq4b8_fXow", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "Get the crab claw appetizer! The sauce that it is in is delicious! You get 4 slices of bread with it too to sob up the sauce.I also had the Bloody Mary. The veggies in it were pickled, loved the green bean. Pretty decent Bloody Mary."}, {"review_id": "9gsWGhEj5KgzgdbFVrDvlA", "user_id": "9PZwc_hdFL75FjFK2xPQkQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "I was in NOLA for a quick trip to visit my friend. I have been to NOLA twice before. I wanted to sit on a balcony in the quarter since I never had previously. Sadly most places only sit two tops on balconies, so I was out of luck at this place too. When we arrived there were lots of people waiting outside but we were seated upstairs immediately. We were promptly greeted by the waitress. Not sure if there were specials, as none were offered. We ordered Spinach Dip and 1/2 doz raw oysters to start. Spinach dip was 3/5. Could have used a tad more flavor. We ordered Shrimp Creole to share for dinner. The flavor of the sauce was great, could have used more spice. We fixed that up with some Crystal Sauce. No biggie. Prices were mid range for the kind of restaurant in the quarter. Service could have been a tad better. We had to summon the waitress several times. Oysters took a super long time to come out. We needed drink refills and we also had to ask for the check. Overall, it was a Louisiana style restaurant with dishes typical to the area which is what we were looking for. I may return but there are so many other places to try out first!"}, {"review_id": "OupP9e5rSduoqfBQ0NrB1w", "user_id": "ELfP3v7fG_C1xiB0bEaJuA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/24/2018", "text": "Came here today and tried the crawfish étouffée. I was not disappointed! People have recommended different restaurants to me for crawfish étouffée, but my fiancé doesn't eat seafood (crazy, I know), so we chose Royal House because they serve burgers (lol). With that said, if you too are in the area and are with someone that doesn't like seafood, Royal House serves up a pretty decent burger, and they also have roast beef po boys as well as another chicken dish. It's clear that their specialty is seafood, though.Anyway, the crawfish étouffée was served with crawfish two ways-sautéed in the gravy and fried crawfish tails. It was super flavorful, and the texture of the crawfish was great too. The portion size was also perfect-I usually never finished my food but I ate every last bite of my dish and felt comfortably full without feel overstuffed. This is only the second time I've had crawfish étouffée, but I'm so glad we chose Royal House because my dish truly exceeded my expectations.I've never tried oysters before, but they (obviously) have different oyster dishes as well that are good for splitting. Next time I come back will be with a seafood eating friend so I can try some of their other dishes.Lastly, we came on a busy Saturday afternoon but were seated super quickly. Our server was also very knowledgeable and friendly, and I was surprised at how fast we received our food given how crowded it was. With that said, although it was crowded it never felt uncomfortable. Like I said earlier, this was only my first time here but it seems like the staff does a nice job of keeping the atmosphere enjoyable even when there's heavy traffic. I'll definitely be back again!"}, {"review_id": "VdnUoEPVJnmYwK2dAobI0Q", "user_id": "up1kzre_qKzXOdo3FiMN8w", "rating": 1.0, "date": "4/19/2018", "text": "One Star. That is a pretty tough rating to give, but this place worked for it. I think I can safely say I had one of the strangest dining experiences here. After doing my homework before the trip, this place was bookmarked because they offered a \"Taste of New Orleans\" dish and the reviews here seemed excellent. So, off we went. And, just for good measure, I am going to copy/paste right from their site as it currently reads: Taste of New Orleans $18.00A sampling of the city's most famous dishes: Chicken & Andouille Jambalaya, Crawfish Etouffée and Chicken and Andouille Gumbo.Weird that I did that, right? Well, yeah, it is weird and so is this story. Sat down. Pulled up Yelp for the discount (free appetizer) and was informed that I had to buy 2 entrees if I wanted to use it. Done, no problem, we had already planned to anyway. We opted for the alligator bites and ordered some drinks while my husband worked on deciding what he wanted. Finally came time to order and I ordered the Taste of New Orleans and the waitress informed me they were out of it. So, I asked which part they were out of (thinking I could still get it and just be short one of them, which would have been cool with me) and she said, well we actually aren't out of it but we don't have the right dishes. Oh? Ok. So, I said I needed another minute to think it over. After thinking about it I asked if maybe they could just put it in the to-go containers and I would eat it that way? She said no because the manager didn't like how it looked on the table, which I totally get. SO, THEN I said, hmmm well, I think I will just get it to go and we will find a little park to eat in outside and she said no she couldn't do that because they were all out of it. After looping through the whole, \"which part?\", \"well, we have everything but we can't serve it\" routine, she basically was just like, look, this menu item is not available for purchase. LOL HUH? Really guys, this happened. AND THEN the alligator bites come out (which were OUTSTANDING by the way!) low and behold the dish they were served in, a little crock. Honestly, the exact thing this trio would have been served on. At this point, I knew a few things. I knew I wouldn't be giving this place any more of my business, I knew my Yelp coupon would be voided and I knew that I was beyond annoyed. SO, I did something I rarely do, asked to.....speak to the manager...it actually hurts to type it. Anyways, manager guy comes over and rude as can be and says YOU CANT ORDER IT, WE DON'T HAVE THE PROPER DISHES THEY ARE ON BACK ORDER and walks away. (LOL???????) HUH?So. This happened. Just to clarify- the place had bowls, the place had smaller crocks, the place had plates and anything from that trio could have been ordered on it's own. I was and still am perplexed at this whole scenario. Honestly. It is not my nature to cause a stink, but I couldn't let this go for some reason, mostly because it made ZERO sense. FIND A WAY. That's it. Like seriously. Especially if the nagging customer (me) asked about it for like 15 minutes in 15 different ways! YEESH! There are too many excellent choices for grubbing in NOLA, skip this one!"}, {"review_id": "3spmzDo8udukV1zsSmkgnA", "user_id": "kIBeplQosbMX-fzQ7dhxrA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "This is a testament to Yelp is a good place to find bad places, a bad place to find good places.  Royal House was good....not great, not worth the \"premium\" pricing, but it is in a hotspot of a location.  Make sure you check in to get the free appetizer!Shrimp and grits was good (though my son says it is a little dry), the crawfish etouffee was above average, but nothing we had in our meal justified the 90 minute wait (our fault, I know) nor the six figure bill for 5 (3 of whom were kids).Side note, having ate at a few places (check out my other reviews) I'm a firm believer Cajun cooking is very over-rated."}, {"review_id": "R9tehjvhcpIMKUW22D-btw", "user_id": "5xl6ZvsXSTpPD8pOKDZJtg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/2/2018", "text": "This place is a must if you're visiting NOLA. The service was great and the food was even better. It has a nice and relaxing ambiance as well. Our server suggested the Crab Claws as an appetizer (check in to get a free app) and it was very good. The sauce was creamy and rich. I ordered the Crawfish Ravioli and it was so delicious. My favorite thing we ordered though was the Shrimp Tortellini, it was one of the best pastas I've ever had. We also ordered the Taste of New Orleans which was good, the gumbo was the best out of all the tastes. It was my birthday but unfortunately they don't offer anything special on occasions, I was bummed but no big deal.Overall this place was great and definitely worth trying."}, {"review_id": "CijbqueisvbRVVC_IiDf2Q", "user_id": "0lXyh91o_62cRV3RmtGemA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/9/2018", "text": "This was my first restaurant in new orleans and did not disappoint.French onion soup was probably the best I had anywhere with just the right amount of bitter saltiness and crusted cheese.The mushroom w crab was amazing with the louisiana hot sauce.Shrimp and grits seem to be a staple menu in this area so I never tried any others before but I was in for a pleasant surprise as the flavor of the shrimp had a perfect orgy w the grits and butter.The sausage and beans were alright, wish I got the crawfish ravioli though..Overall recommend!"}, {"review_id": "WFo_RPOmrSmMg3_g-pOO_w", "user_id": "vHeE-J3qSMl1tZfAILOgww", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/9/2018", "text": "Last time we came to New Orleans we stopped at royal house for our first dinner and we were blown away. This time, the food was still good but it wasn't amazing. The bread was stale like it had been cut earlier that day. The restaurant was very busy and we were seated after the rush, but the service wasn't amazing as our drinks got to us after our food (no opportunity to have cocktails and then wine). The girls at the hostess station were delightful! Overall it was good and it's a great location, just not as magical as we had remembered."}, {"review_id": "bAPHyLI3gUUGMJWA7mSmow", "user_id": "as_bh-J066S8BDopkbHFQQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/30/2018", "text": "We had a hoot of a time here.  I was with 2 NOLA rookies who had ideas of where they wanted to eat from talking to their buddies.  We walked to each of those places and turned away.  Such is life.  Those suggestions were not in the cards.  They turned to me, an experienced NOLA vet, for guidance.  I fired up the Yelpmobile and did a quick search, the likes and intensity of which only a true Yelper knows.  I punched in my secret codes for filtering out lesser places and for maximum effect I added the double secret passphrase.The Yelpmobile spit out the Royal House.  It was awesome because we were near Jackson Square at the time, so it was super close.  Oddly, I see another review that says there was a free app for checking in.  I didn't get that.  There are two foods I try to make sure I get when I'm up this way: redfish and softshell crab.  I got the redfish here at Royal House with crab on top and some nice veggies.Our server Tina was a rock star.  She was hilarious, fun, and very attentive.  She'd swing by, crack us up, and flutter off to her next table.  We loved her.The food was well-prepared and tasted fresh.  I'd say it was a bit pricey for what we got, but that's life in the FQ... you always hate your wallet being so empty when you leave (hopefully, you leave with your wallet, it can get rough in the FQ with all the pickpockets) the area.The place was comfortable and we had a great time here."}, {"review_id": "UiGAKSOXtaMx0L6XRntuYQ", "user_id": "1s1J_yyl4Auhf2oi6ge5Iw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/2/2018", "text": "Royal House was one of the only restaurants open on Christmas Day that didn't require advance reservations.  It was a boon to last-minute travelers like us.  It seemed like we weren't the only ones.  The line for dining continued the whole evening (seating on a first-come, first-served basis).  The place was hopping.  Servers were swept off their feet.  Despite the cold weather, some people opted to sit outside on the balcony, as trays were being carried up the stairs to them!We loved our appetizer of crab claws in lemon garlic butter sauce.  So rich and tasty.  It came with four pieces of toasted bread for dipping - we could have used more of that to mop up all that yummy sauce.We shared the fried fish platter, crawfish étouffée, gumbo and jambalaya. Nothing really stood out.  The gumbo and jambalaya were not served hot.  A big no-no for me.  I would rate the food as just ok as I've definitely had the same dishes better elsewhere in the city.  Not sure if this was due to the holiday kitchen schedule...We deeply appreciated the hard-working staff of Royal House, who ensured that we tourists could eat in comfort on Christmas Day.  For that, I'm awarding an extra star."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/royal-house-new-orleans?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]