[[{"review_id": "ylN8L5SZEijiu9B3jFo1aQ", "user_id": "WHGjqjqBFXkFyF8UjXwP8Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "I went searching for the best Po'boy I could find when I had a break for lunch at a conference. I was not disappointed and I came away raving to all of my fellow attendees that Cochon Butcher was the must-go place in Downtown NOLA.You walk into the door and you are greeted by a vast deli counter with all sorts of meat laid out for the taking. Behind the counter is an active butcher and the entire place has a very active, warehouse feeling. A lot of raw wood and metal in the dining areas.I went for a pull pork and slaw po'boy that was spectacular, the flavors really worked on all levels with a very flavorful meat and great parings with the slaw and condiments. I'm getting hungry just thinking about it now.Overall, I was very impressed by Cochon Butcher and I look forward to making a return trip to NOLA just to try something else."}, {"review_id": "3TybeSIBt8d_-fmi22CRxw", "user_id": "nok8EGzOP8NTefKcR1EG4g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "This is my review of just eating the le pig Mac. So imagine the best Big Mac experience you've ever had. Now multiply that by a thousand!That's how good the two all pork patties, special sauce, lettuce, cheese, pickles, onions, on a sesame seed bun tastes! My mouth is watering from just thinking about this sandwich. I'm here for a conference at the convention center so I may go again today to get another le pig Mac. It's only two blocks away. It most certainly beats any convention center food so everyone who's in town for a meeting at the convention center should go try it!"}, {"review_id": "kQOAQr5Dculku0KhiE65XQ", "user_id": "WKpzoB_oom4OSEe703-uxw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/1/2018", "text": "We had lunch at the bar. The gambino--an Italian--was served on a ciabatta roll and was very good. Also had the novelty sandwich Le Big Mac which is made like a Big Mac except with a pork patty. It was, as other Yelpers have said, salty. And tasty!The house made potato chips are the best. As good as any anywhere. The potato salad is also very good.Sitting at the bar is fun, but one sandwich came out 10 minutes before the other."}, {"review_id": "TrL-ZbyhbkP788sn9sHb3g", "user_id": "auNEI7561VMt2qf37LfGZA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Came here for lunch with my family. As soon as we walked in, we noticed that the restaurant was packed. There is seating both indoors and outdoors. You order at the counter and then you can sit at whichever table is available. We ordered the Le Pig Mac, Pork Belly sandwich, the Muffaletta, and a side order of mac and cheese. The Le Pig Mac is Cochon's version of the Big Mac. Instead of using beef, they use pork patties (hence the name Le Pig). Everything was great. We really enjoyed it. They have housemade meats and sausages for sale in addition to their sandwiches. The decor inside the restaurant is definitely unique. There is a lot of Star Wars memorabilia! Chewbacca stands right behind the counter haha. It is a little pricey, but I think its worth it. For anyone in the area that is looking for a quick bite to eat, I definitely recommend it!"}, {"review_id": "EMvS6JJJSxQ7FVmHFEi2nA", "user_id": "82dCHyU-ANOgdhxUgZsUeg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/1/2018", "text": "After running the New Orleans Rock 'n' Roll Half Marathon, I moseyed on over to Cochon Butcher to destroy a tasty sandwich that I think running a half marathon earns you. I like the open atmosphere and the high quality of the food. This is one of the true gems of NOLA so don't skip out on this joint. The next door restaurant Cochon (obviously same ownership) was a decent traditional sit-down restaurant experience but if you have to choose one over the other, go to the butcher shop for sure!You must absolutely get the Pig Mac--enjoy!"}, {"review_id": "lUvqc_xwZy3v6wjrUvHHCQ", "user_id": "zcUlXyniwZMHmP3Ns6P4Ew", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/31/2018", "text": "So we loved Cochon so much decided to try Butcher for lunch.The place was packed on a Saturday afternoon. I had my girlfriend try to find us a table while I waited to order. We got the pork belly sandwich, muffaletta and head cheese.The head cheese platter was good but having never tried head cheese I was expecting it to be a bit more flavorful. With the mustard and other stuff on the platter it was pretty tasty though.The muffaletta was very good. Strong flavors that got better the more I ate, probably my favorite item. Also enjoyed the pork belly sandwich. Honestly it was an odd flavor combination when I read it on the menu but it worked very well.I dropped one star because one of the servers kicked my girlfriend out of the table she got us because I was still ordering."}, {"review_id": "zqXpRzTqKVtiAYYep7Whmw", "user_id": "u31zMUh4P8LO2HmVlHvnNA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/18/2018", "text": "This place was so good we came twice in one day, which means we got to try everything we wanted to try.- Brisket sliders and duck pastrami sliders: Amazing! Both were super tender and flavorful, especially the duck pastrami. - Pig Mac: I liked this one more than I expected! The pork patties were a small change but made all the difference in this sandwich. - Muffaletta: Basically a huge Italian sandwich on sesame bread. What you see is what you get for this one, but it does taste a lot better dipped in hot sauce- Cubano: Super solid option, had a good crunch on the bread and tender meats- Hot Boudin: Similar to bangers, but a little softer- Pork Belly: Good but not mind blownThe lines are really long, but the overall wait isn't so bad. You order at the counter, grab your number, then grab a table. Don't worry about not getting a table, by the time you get your food something will have cleared out. Definitely check this place out especially if you're looking for a bite around the WW2 museum."}, {"review_id": "lIJB6jNfM6UbFZmDT9-z4g", "user_id": "Y9VVaJY4hbCzzWKXTSfTyQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/5/2018", "text": "My boyfriend and I waited until our fifth day in New Orleans, when we were in the area for the National World War II Museum, to stop by Cochon Butcher.  Honestly that might not have been the worst because then I might have wanted to eat here every day (drools). You try turning away their duck sliders. We came here on a Wednesday around 11am just as the place starting filling up with people for the early lunch rush. You order at the counter and then grab seats. We didn't have to wait more than five minutes to order. My boyfriend and I opted for the duck sliders, mac and cheese, and the Le Pig Mac, which all come highly rated via previous Yelpers and we were definitely not disappointed. The duck sliders are served on grilled white bread and are absolutely a cheesy, meaty delight. Le Pig Mac is their better take on the Big Mac and it is also amazing to bite into. The mac and cheese warmed my insides up and was tasty, though not so remarkable that I would necessarily have to order again my next time back. If you love meat and find yourself in New Orleans, you would be doing yourself a disservice by not eating here."}, {"review_id": "98vdHX3UXW6PUVjFFXHbfQ", "user_id": "3uKL0uiXCPJ9p7323HZU8w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "Found this spot on Yelp and it didn't disappoint! Great lunch with a tasty sandwich and one of the best Mac n cheese dishes I've had!"}, {"review_id": "tv6zGdHRapiGhu5v6wq10g", "user_id": "kWYI0Ucy9y2ONSOd4H_MlQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/14/2018", "text": "Cochon butcher is around the corner from Cochon. The regular restaurant is a fancier atmosphere and easy to accidentally enter when looking for the butcher. Here, you order at the counter and then they serve you at your table. I had the muffuletta and it was very good and a nice size. Many other places serve ones that are enough for 4 people. This one would serve one...maybe 2. Mac and cheese was good too- nice and creamy. Definitely a great lunch spot. It does get a bit crowded."}, {"review_id": "2BlDFRdbaVPCVTYg2rah4Q", "user_id": "Eqasd-ntQh8nMjA4R2ZdZQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/28/2018", "text": "Duck Pastrami sliders... YAAAAAASSS! It was delightful, buttery, cheesy deliciousness. It may be slightly less than the size of a full sandwich but I really enjoyed.Also, had their feta fries which was the special. It's a heavenly version of cheese sticks.   The pretzels was and served with dijon mustard. Also, tried the pulled pork which was pretty good given that it has Carolina style BBQ (the best in my personal option)Ambience: Very crowed but moves fairly fast. You order at the register, grab a number, and the food arrives according. Since it's pretty crowded, I would recommend for groups but  definitely a place you grab a bite with a small party This is place will remain on my radar for my next trip to NOLA"}, {"review_id": "cBRmmEEect2OwFD0DMIVAA", "user_id": "mQ1kBe0JoDbv5Wvhnxhbow", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "At first we passed this place as we were trying to find the Kartina Scrap House Memorial that sits across from the conventions center. On our way back we decided to walk into the Butcher sandwich shop to look over their menu. Lots of choices while the butchers were slicing and dicing raw pork behind the counter creating chops and loins. We asked if the restaurant at the corner was theirs as well. They said that it was and its more of an upscale place were as the Butcher sandwich shop was quick bites and beverages.  We ended up at the Butcher ordering the Cuban and Italian olive sandwich. both came hot and smelled delish. Both sandwiches were great, melting cheese and homemade pickles. We grabbed a table in the bar area and that also have some patio seating on the narrow sidewalk. This place is south of the WWII museum and is also a must stop to experience."}, {"review_id": "BPKR1ymOTrSDo4Qb2mMLIw", "user_id": "psNK1kQxxLHDMu-jm6F6mQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/28/2018", "text": "Arrived on a weekday afternoon for a quick lunch with a friend.  Between the two of us we ordered the pork belly sandwich, the bacon sandwich, coleslaw, and brussel sprouts.  You order at the counter upon arrival and then find a table, where they bring you your water/drinks and your food once it is ready.The atmosphere is trendy and open with windowed garage doors along the outer wall.  Indoor and outdoor seating with high top stools is plentiful, as well as a bar.The food ranged from good to stellar.  I did not taste the coleslaw, but my friend was very happy.  My sprouts were delicious and colorful; my only complaint was that they were quite oily, which spoiled the crispness of the sprouts, and a large pool of oil was left in my bowl.  However, I gobbled down every bite.  The sandwiches then arrived with a big pile of bread and butter pickles.  As someone who despises b&b pickles, I was more than happy to pass them to my delighted friend, who was thrilled to munch them down.The pork belly sandwich, for which I was most excited, was disappointing.  I LOVE pork belly.  Like, I would eat it as my last meal.  Or my next meal.   And any meal in between.  The pork belly on this sandwich was underseasoned and sliced so thin it was almost lost.  The main flavor came from the sauce and the cucumber, and not from the belly.  The bread, the vessel that relays food to my mouth and that can turn a good sandwich into an amazing one, did not deliver.  I just cannot be impressed with white bread, despite it being nicely toasted.  Luckily, the bacon sandwich more than made up for the belly.  Bacon, which is really in itself just cured and smoked pork belly, was piled high atop this hefty sandwich.  Each bite was smoky and a little sweet, and not too salty.  The greens added a hint of crunch, and the (unfortunately also white) bread was toasted to perfection.  The cherry on top was the sweet potato habanero hot sauce provided on the table, which when added to the sandwich, made it sing.  We raved about the sandwich even after we left the restaurant.  All in all, I would certainly return to cochon butcher again and eat that bacon sandwich, and maybe try a different one in the process (Cubano, anyone?).  I also am now convinced I need to try cochon next door."}, {"review_id": "D277vzqAg0PGMfuUOGz1Jg", "user_id": "UeC4W4V8YjkXQ3eJYtpRZQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "Dearest Reader--I write with glorious news. The stories I read are indeed true. I have never gazed upon a muffaletta of this stature. The bread exquisite, breathtaking. Not too thin, nor to thick. The meats were cured to perfection. I doubt not that I will dream of this savory creation night after night. How I long to return to General Cochon's butcher shop. This campaign was a robust success. I will return. --Mitchell"}, {"review_id": "X4zUnqRtNpkPTMRlf9r43w", "user_id": "TB2SpGebhE84RvMI0I-WAw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "Possibly the best lunch place in town!! Absolutely delicious and fresh sandwiches. We got a muffuletta and duck pastrami sliders and both were to die for and really good portions! You also must try the b&b pickles that come with a muffuletta (and I believe with a few other sandwiches), my friend is not a pickle guy and we ended up buying a jar each lol! They also have a very nice selection of beers and I believe a full bar. And the area it's in is really cool as well, only a block or two behind the WWII museum so make sure to walk around. It's a pretty far (around 20-25 mins) walk to the French Quarter but very beautiful and historic, so I'd recommend putting on some comfy shoes and going for it!"}, {"review_id": "xQQw-_BARkuVkRgAyLD8oQ", "user_id": "MiIhPqbV11A_rmDfCjVL9w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/7/2018", "text": "I ended up walking by Cochon Butcher last night while being hungry and also really wanting some real New Orleans food. From the outside this place looks awesome. They have some tables outside and when you walk in you are surrounded by awesome decor, plenty of cool seating, and a menu full of mouth watering sandwiches and sides. I decided to order the Cubano with a side order of the macaroni and cheese. Once you order the food you find a table and when the food is done, it's served (it only took about 8 minutes for everything to come out). This was some of the best macaroni and cheese I have ever had (and I've been eating a decent amount of It recently). The cubano was hot, juicy, mouth watering, and honestly a little mind blowing. I was blown away by the quality of the food, the friendly staff, and did I mention the food? This place is definitely worth checking out!"}, {"review_id": "4cSS2AzZ7ESA4V_MNt_lUw", "user_id": "MYk4l5ACB_UIlKjGXtU0EQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/2/2018", "text": "Husband had the muffaletta and I had the bbq sandwich. He just likes muffaletta sandwiches, and said it was great. I just wanted a small sandwich that was dairy-free and wasn't a hot dog, and it did the job. The pickles on the side were divine. They were slightly and instead of being salty like American pickles, they were sweet like the veggies you put in a banh mi. I also liked the ice tea. It's unsweetened, even though it's the south, and super flavorful. I hate places that serve ice tea and it's just piss water. This place knows ice tea should taste like tea.You can buy a slice of king cake, but it's only the Elvis. If you want any of the other versions, you have to get a mini cake for $7.50 (before tax)."}, {"review_id": "TWo446TFodW50_V9BQ3dBQ", "user_id": "jfP512Pt6pjRHGw8UlyHGw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/13/2018", "text": "Whenever I rate things, there's a \"5\", and then there's a true honest to God, literally could not have been made any better or further improved at all, 5. This place fits into the latter category. 6/5 stars. However many stars you wanna give, I don't care, this place is PERFECT. It was so incredible the first time I tried it, that I came the following day during my short vacation in NOLA - in lieu of trying out another, most likely good-but-not-as-great, place - as I was afraid that I would never get the opportunity to eat one of their sandwiches ever again...Upon entering, you can immediately tell this place is unapologetically all about that pork meat. In sandwiches. I guess I should have known as \"cochon\" means pig in French, but I didn't put that together until afterwards, when I finally reflected on my experience. There are a ton of pork deli meats (with a few other animal meats present as well) arrayed nicely for display at the front. The interior was really spacious, clean, and inviting, and I could see it being a nice hangout spot. But each time we came here, we just got our sandwiches to go, and they were super efficient and awesome.Cubano - I don't even know why I ordered this, as I typically don't like cubano sandwiches. I blame the fact that I was in a rush and it was just the first picture of a sandwich I saw on Yelp. And I am so glad I did that because this sandwich was AMAZING AF! SO good. The bread was buttered and toasted perfectly and was super satisfying to bite into. The meats were incredibly savory and oozing with flavor and juice. The cheese, perfectly melted into and integrated within the sandwich. I know already that I can never order another Cubano sandwich from a different place because I will invariably compare it to the one I had here, and then be extremely disappointed.Le pig mac - I got this during my second trip here, after having had a bit more time to really decide on what I wanted to order. This sandwich was just the most intriguing one and so I got it. In appearance it's actually quite similar to that of it's phonetic cousin, the big mac, but it is much more appetizing to look at and infinitely more tasty as well. Again, dripping with pork juices and deliciousness. Perfect ratios of cheese to meat to bread. Simply amazing and no other words to describe how great it was.We also ordered the buckboard bacon melt (best bacon I've ever had in a sandwich) and a salmon based dish that was the special of the day. Needless to say, both were absolutely stunning.Overall right now I'm racking my brain to think of a better sandwich that I've ever had than the ones I've had here. And I really can't. This place has dethroned the likes of Ike's in San Francisco, and many others, and is now my all time number one favorite sandwich place, and by a longshot as well. This is a MUST eat at place if you're ever around in New Orleans, especially if you are a pig meat enthusiast!"}, {"review_id": "65IXnUyToJpmEcBuPzWOeg", "user_id": "0MQp1SYB12lvJmi4hgt-TA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/13/2018", "text": "My fiancé and I were visiting NOLA from Florida and had a bucket list of places to eat before we left. Cochon Butcher was on it and boy did it not disappoint. The way it works is you order in the front room at the counter and take your number to your table in the second room which also has a full bar. The sandwich options were great. I went with the smoked turkey while my fiancé went with the muffuletta (which is a super popular sandwich option in NOLA) and a side of Brussels sprouts to share. When they came out we were shocked at how massive the sandwich was. My fiancé who can usually down two full meals by himself couldn't finish his lunch! I saw a couple off reviews before heading in here regarding flies... while we were here we noticed maybe 1-2 flies and it's because all the doors were open since the weather was so nice out. So don't let things like that steer you away!"}, {"review_id": "Y7dKDsSqhuRo_hgdqAPG9g", "user_id": "xvu8G900tezTzbbfqmTKvA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/11/2018", "text": "Welcome to Foodie Meat Paradise, tucked into New Orlean's version of a Williamsburg or Wynwood warehouse neighborhood.  Why this still isn't a Michelin town yet, I have no idea, but at least those James Beard awards make up for it.  Cochon Butcher provides gourmet foodie eats in a casual food environment where you order at the counter and then grab a table and have your food delivered. I went for the Sweet & Spicy Brisket Slider (2 mini brioche bites), Mac n'Cheese, and Brussels Sprouts, while my partner went for the Cold Roast Beef and Pimento Cheese Slider (4 toasted finger sammiches).  It was all so good and definitely too much food for two, but we just decided not to eat dinner at all rather than sacrifice any digestive room not to try all the fixins for a late lunch.  Make it a one meal day and you'll still have a happy day."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/cochon-butcher-new-orleans-2?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]