[[{"review_id": "vv-ZCmtBBijRQxP6f35PRg", "user_id": "8ubBK8XpGqhztb8S_gEGjA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "I can see why most people suggest going here if you're in the area. What a great experience. When you arrive at night you'll most likely see a line with at least 20 people waiting. Don't let this discourage you, it's worth it!  We waited in line for  about 20 minutes and once we were inside service was quick. We ordered drinks and food. Drinks came and not even 5 minutes later we were diving into our entrees. The crab cakes were incredible. The sauce just added to the seafood goodness. I got the corn casserole. I wasn't expected the burst of flavors and seasoning. It tasted amazing!  Everyone in my party loved their dishes. I have nothing bad to say about this place whatsoever."}, {"review_id": "hZ5s3dmBqc0akWg9YhE7HQ", "user_id": "uz_imGYs_FHNjS6soiSqiw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "Love this place! My friend and I popped in here the other night to have food to take on our flight home the next morning. There was a long line out the door, but the lady at the door said for to go- head on in and place our order at the register by the bar. My friend had the catfish platter. She said it was amazing. She actually couldn't wait til the next day- she said it smelled so good when we got back to the hotel that she inhaled the whole platter. I had an oyster po-boy. Mine was so good- even the next day. Planning to eat in next time we are in the area. We saw that they even offer a walking tour thru their app."}, {"review_id": "bNMyFTOGBC_HWKdBBntq7A", "user_id": "-wKLpGlmJXvNG_qqoTmU8A", "rating": 1.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "Never again!I'm at the bar sitting next to a lady. She orders fried fish and shrimp. I order a crab cake appetizer and we both just start talking.  Both agree our food lacks flavor but eat it. Her food is cold and has no flavor other than breading. My crab cakes taste eggy and fishy, as if they used old fish and too much egg to bind it to together. During the meal she pulls out a long hair out of her food that clearly didn't belong to her. To make matters worse, another lady walking out also asked her if she found a hair in her food.   At this point i ate one of my 2 crab cakes and literally lost the desire to eat any more. Jai, our bartender, and perhaps the only good experience I had at the restaurant got his manager. You would think at this point the restaurant would recover. Nope!  Daniel was a total ass. His comment to me was that I ate my food. He then goes to the register, prints my check, slides it across the bar in a shot glass, then walks away. Never again will I eat here, never again will I suggest anyone to eat here. I'll see to it that  no one else does either."}, {"review_id": "QW6mABzKhECeUPIuzxz8UA", "user_id": "82dCHyU-ANOgdhxUgZsUeg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "I know this place has prime real estate for vast amounts of foot traffic on Bourbon St. so naturally you might think this is a tourist trap. Well, I guess it is, but that doesn't mean it's not good! Don't be scared if there's a line out the front door because it goes relatively fast. The food is pretty great if you're really hungry and don't have crazy high expectations. This central joint has the NOLA charm and flavors you might be seeking.Yummy menu item choices are:1) Gator Tail Bites - Marinated white meat gator tail served fried or blackened. Served with remoulade sauce. 2) Taste of New Orleans - Creole jambalaya, crawfish etouffee, red beans and rice with smoked sausage.3) Oyster Rockefeller - Classic sauce with spinach, smoked bacon and pernod liqueur, topped with a blend of fresh grated parmesan cheese.4) Bananas Foster Ice Cream - Bananas Foster Ice Cream CakeI think the highlight was the dessert so be sure to leave room for that ice cream cake!"}, {"review_id": "3pwS0lewC36p6BKlzJk47w", "user_id": "TwgQb6iTLcBSs4hzErTRag", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "Why the 5 stars? The service and food!Our waiter was super nice and prompt. We ordered the gator bites as an appetizer, we got half crispy and half grilled. I liked the crispy way better since the gator meat was kind of chewy so the crispy texture from the fried batter complemented it.I ordered a beer since it was our vacation and I needed a non-sweet drink. For my meal, I had the jambalaya pasta which was out of this world. It came with pieces of bread on the side. The sauce was out of this universe. It had the perfect kick to it. There were shrimp in it and the pasta was perfect. I literally slurped all of it up. I finished with an Irish coffee which was delicious. I highly recommend checking this place out of you're in the area. I really liked my dish and would definitely stop by again when we are in the area."}, {"review_id": "jL2TAJ5FbBGhiLfBVM-WYQ", "user_id": "SwvZ30fgYuTl8IPEXZTL-A", "rating": 2.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "Read reviews about this place, and lines were out the door. Honestly, I don't know what this place has to offer that's so good but I was not impressed at all, maybe it was the food I ordered. The gator bites for $10 was decent; I ordered them blackened served with remoulade sauce. The upside is that it was a pretty big portion for an appetizer.Fried Shrimp Po-Boy for $14 was nothing special and their fries tasted like Checker's fries. The po-boy is topped with coleslaw, tomatoes, pickles, onions, and remoulade sauce. Overrated and overpriced; highly recommend to go someplace else if you want to eat some good seafood!"}, {"review_id": "FAgbmm37BDNWWArSvgzOvw", "user_id": "21wkkMppjxxLUS9xF9E5FQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/5/2018", "text": "Came here with my BFF for my birthday dinner. We met up in New Orleans, she came in from California, and I came in from Tennessee. We were departing the next day for a 5 day cruise. My friend found this place and made reservations. It's right in the French Quarter. There was a line of people when we got there, but again, we had a reservation. We were taken upstairs to a table and our server came by shortly to take drink orders.Let me say, our server was wonderful. I believe her name was Kim. She was funny, and nice and very helpful. We saw her interact with other customers as well, and she was just as engaged with them as she was with us. Awesome service!I started out with the Mandarin Blush drink and it was really good. Refreshing and fizzy. I think I had a few of these. For an appetizer we ordered the crab cakes. They were very tasty. That crawfish and mushroom sauce was soooo good. Almost licked the plate. While not the best crab cake I've ever had, the sauce really did bring it up to a different level, instead of the usual remoulade sauce typically served with crab cakes.Then my BFF and I shared the Taste of New Orleans and our server even had it split for us into separate plates. Nice touch! It was great to have a pretty decent sized \"sampling\" of red beans & rice, jambalaya and crawfish etouffee. We even had some fried crawfish on top of it. It was plenty for both of us and left us some room for dessert.Did I say dessert? Sure did. We shared the New Orleans Bread Pudding with some yummy kind of praline rum sauce. Oh my! Of course, it had a scoop of vanilla ice cream on it too. The 2nd time I wanted to lick the plate at this establishment. We tried to play it cool like we weren't gluttons and left two tiny little bites left. LOL.Overall, it was a great experience, and I would definitely go back there. Thank you for a wonderful meal."}, {"review_id": "j5uhVRDfmgQNqGe43MatBw", "user_id": "3mZrXEDBw4tZviWX0SDCoQ", "rating": 2.0, "date": "4/2/2018", "text": "After a long day of travel and our kids staying at my mom's house for the night, we wanted a place that was open late near our hotel. After searching, we decided Oceana was the best spot. Probably not the place I would have picked if it were a decent hour. But at 10:30 on a Sunday night, we were pretty limited. The service was great and so were the raw oysters. But that is pretty much where the good ended.We decided to test out the BBQ Shrimp as an app in addition to the oysters. The sauce was not anything like I have had with other BBQ shrimp. It was too thick and sort of bland. For that reason, it did not flavor the shrimp at all. The shrimp were also overcooked and very difficult to peel. For $9 and 4 shrimp in the appetizer portion, it was highly disappointing. After the double appetizer, we decided to split the Redfish entree with eggplant sticks. The eggplant sticks were actually pretty good. But the fish was a little dry and overcooked. The only saving grace was the sauce that came on it. But even with creamy crawfish sauce, the fish was still a disappointment.I teetered between a two and three star since the service was good and we enjoyed some things. But since the thing we enjoyed the most was something they didn't even have to cook, two stars is ultimately what this experience was."}, {"review_id": "hck2A5qGD1lK2rvdPC9V-g", "user_id": "omtZLg0ryIeaJfLTM7JPIA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/7/2018", "text": "Our first stop from the airport into NOLA!  Thankfully, there was no wait at midnight but it was still a bustling restaurant.  We were seated in their beautiful courtyard.Service was fantastic, food was delicious & came out fast, & I loved how lively the restaurant was!I had Sazerac on my to drink list & I am so glad that my server was honest with me & asked me if I liked licorice, which I do not!, & after hearing my response, she gave other suggestions.Louisiana Crabmeat Cakes:  A must order!  I enjoyed how the cakes were crispy!  I was obsessed with the crawfish & mushroom sauce, super creamy & tasty!Taste of New Orleans-Creole Jambalaya:Crawfish Etouffee:Red Beans & Rice with Smoked Sausage:  Such a hearty dish!  If you want to sample what NOLA is known for, this is the trio for you.  Come hungryFried Shrimo Po-Boy:  Omg!  Their Remoulade sauce is outstanding!  So savory, & a bit sweet, like a honey mustard.  They are generous with the serving of shrimp, & they are big too.  The French bread is very filling so I just took the top off.Hurricane:  Came our looking like a mini hurricane.  Sweet & strong!"}, {"review_id": "w8-HvV_L6_kE11Bqwt7jww", "user_id": "zSjmPLpwPy0C5TZ5h_1__w", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "Kind of a tourist trap. The food can best be described as average. The crab cakes were very breaded and lacked much crab flavor. The sauce that promised shrimp and crawfish was so disappointing. The upstairs bartender was a nice guy but the hurricane was kinda weak. I guess the dry ice is supposed to make a show that distracts you. The decor is standard tacky NOLA as tourists expect. Can't imagine why this place has a high rating."}, {"review_id": "IQWDVpWvKF5_OzTzf6_1sQ", "user_id": "6cBZYz36SYI1g0cYBYsteA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/26/2018", "text": "When in NOLA - try the gator! A friend and I were walking around the area and after a quick Yelp search, we were on our way here to try some alligator!It was about 2pm; there was no wait at all, so we were seated right away. My friend and I were both pretty full but we definitely didn't want to miss out on the opportunity to try some alligator bites!We got the Alligator Bites - half fried and half blackened ($13). After about 10 minutes or so, they were at our table.Honestly, it tastes like chewier chicken, but it was great! I enjoyed the fried alligator more than the blackened, so I'd definitely do that one only next time.They're known for their seafood here, so if you're in the mood for seafood, definitely keep their place on your radar!"}, {"review_id": "1APsD7O5y09QPFHg36hczg", "user_id": "8XJ7DpZhQrzxNIJDRShf5A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/25/2018", "text": "Oceans Grill. The restaurant you can't count on in the quarter to have good food, at a great price , brought to you by great servers.  The restaurant is narrow, but has multiple floors and multiple dining rooms. Both times we visited , we were seated in the 2nd floor which has good views. The decor is casual and colorful. The servers are very informative. They want you to be happy with your meal and have fun if you're visiting the area.The food is that typical Louisiana cuisine. Po boys, seafood and rice, seafood and pasta. Seafood, seafood, seafood . They have a extensive bar menu as well, to-go cups available upon request.The crab cakes were more bread-like than I would have preferred, but they are served with a crawfish cream sauce that was really delicious. They did the collard greens RIGHT, so I very much enjoyed that. The mashed potatoes are from red skin potatoes and are creamy and good; perfect for sopping up that crawfish cream sauce.My second visit was a pre-drinking visit, so I had the fried catfish Po Boy, which comes with lettuce, slaw, tomato, remoulade, pickles and red onion . Delicious. The French fries were also fried a little harder than McDonalds' fast food chains fries and sprinkled with a little seasoning that reminds me of Season All. I'm told they are available for delivery, take out , so if you are visiting and don't want to leave your hotel, this might be a good place to visit:"}, {"review_id": "B6co2N6tyNXLjYNo0MHnSw", "user_id": "gvdFSI9b9IvLuqZeIili7g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/23/2018", "text": "We decided to stop for lunch. The restaurant is located right off our Bourbon Street. All of the staff at the restaurant was extremely friendly, including our server, Lakeisha. I ordered the hurricane cocktail, which was mixed well. We were also impressed by how quickly the food came out.We started with the gator bites appetizer - half fried and half blackened. My husband enjoyed them. This was my first time having gator bites so I have no comparison, but it will say the blackened was way better than the fried.For entrees, my husband ordered the shrimp fettuccine Alfredo. While he enjoyed the meal and said the Alfredo had good flavor, the sauce was a bit runny and it definitely wasn't presented with jumbo gulf shrimp. The shrimp were on the small side. I had the Taste of New Orleans (pictured), which was creole jambalaya, crawfish etouffée, red beans and rice with smoked sausage. Was it the most authentic dish in the world, probably not. But it had good flavors. However, I was disappointed that it only came with a half a piece of sausage (the sausage was delicious!)."}, {"review_id": "PB151RzTkWnajfZb3PXhvQ", "user_id": "hcGgZ4PbKcM3K1clw7tEGA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "While most of Yelp pointed us towards Port of Call as the place to go after 11pm for dinner, I forged my own path and went with another highly rated midnight dinner space, Oceana - and I am so glad I did.So I'll preface this review that I am from California. In California it's illegal to smoke within 20 feet of a business door and thus when we were seated for our first meal (we returned a second time the food was so good) on the patio, we were shocked that every single person on the patio was smoking.Beware, if you're seated in the patio, someone will probably be smoking.Now, on with the review. Both visits we had the crab cakes and bread pudding. The bread pudding was amazing, sheer bliss. It made the top 5 of the items I tried while in New Orleans. The crab cakes themselves were filling, delicious, and savory. An entire meal really.We didn't repeat the fried crab I ordered on our first visit (incredibly tiny, and generally not worth the price), but both times our service was friendly and warm. I definitely would return to Oceana and I'm very glad I chose it over Port of Call!"}, {"review_id": "-USlmw8UKg-0GlTrYUu8jw", "user_id": "3EQlw6ZYp2CUN1J-B-GqDQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/18/2018", "text": "I came to this location originally for brunch while visiting NOLA for the weekend and might i say the food was delicious. I love the feel of the restaurant it definitely makes you feel like your in the French quarter. The service was great!!!! Now this is no exaggeration. We were greeted in the way in, once we reached the top of the stairs, at the table, by our waitress, food runners, and by the host and door greeters on the way out. I just loved the southern hospitality. We also tried alligator for the first time and it was very good and not what i expected. All in all my experience was amazing and this place is a 5/5 Hands down. If i could give it a 10 i would! Don't cheat yourself by not visiting Oceana while in NOLA!"}, {"review_id": "knc1UAsr1yR0DwXxIODBNw", "user_id": "mfUqexGCiamAxeEzzxmijw", "rating": 1.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "If I could give this place zero stars, I would. I've been coming here for years but tonight took the cake. We ordered 2 Sazeracs, 2 seafood gumbos and a seafood platter to share. After waiting in line more than an hour, the gumbo arrived almost 20 minutes after we sat down and both of ours had issues. Hubs had a spoon with caked on rice and mine had \"water\" on it that rolled into the gumbo. No ma'am. They sent a replacement after a manager stopped by but our ice cold fried platter showed up. It had zero seasoning and lacked that Cajun flair. We sent it back and left after the manager vowed it would take 2 minutes for a replacement. Yeah right. You see how long our soups took. This was the worst experience I've had in 15 years of dining in NOLA and I'll never return. They wasted 2 hours of my Saturday night. Go at your own risk."}, {"review_id": "3CKlPmIO6P3ZsB1ZYHhHoA", "user_id": "skNNQ9TfpaA50Zz2pQjfXg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/8/2018", "text": "This is seriously one of the best places I've ever been to. I ate here twice on my visit; once via delivery and once dine-in. Delivery was quick and the food was still hot and didn't lack even though it was delivered. My dine-in experience was great too. We had to wait a few minutes but this place is multi-level so they found us a table within 5 mins. The service was good and our waiter checked on us often to make sure we were good. My favorite thing about this place is the pricing. It is so reasonably price for the quality and flavor of the food. The food was so good. I had the best greens I'd ever had here. The portion sizes were great and I honestly had no complaints. I cant wait to go back to NO just to visit this place."}, {"review_id": "EapA99aGAZYGwABKYyU2Qw", "user_id": "SWI3z-KwefD2ziZYi6ohKg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/13/2018", "text": "This was my favorite restaurant on my short trip to nola. We were little buzzed so we ordered a lot of food. The crab cakes, the fried gator, the pasta, everything was so damn good. Thank you to Oceana Grill, ya'll did not disappointment."}, {"review_id": "dDiA6qjUgqQgGLnjWlEWaw", "user_id": "PB1PY4NhNu1bNwQCEUcFQQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "We were in NOLA and looking for a place that has good seafood as well as a few American dishes since my dad doesn't like seafood and we found the right place! The crab cakes were amazing as well as the taste sampler that has a few different creole type items to try that was perfect. My dad had a craving for garlic fries which were not on the menu and the waiter was kind enough to ask the chef and he personally made some which were amazing and he even came out to check if we liked them. The restaurant is located right in the quarter so you are in the mix of things which is nice as well"}, {"review_id": "p2nIE0Pj3mUryewK70j_5w", "user_id": "eElSzw8gST2EpkWD-mc2qA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "We couldn't leave New Orleans without trying gator tails and Cajun fried seafood. We were told Oceana Grill was the spot, and it definitely lived up to the hype. The hush puppies are the real deal, the seafood was seasoned to perfection and the gator tails....an explosion of fishy-chicken greatness all in one bite. (Drops mic)"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/oceana-grill-new-orleans-4?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]