[[{"review_id": "yPSL3vLeQH83gVk-fBKvFQ", "user_id": "vT0Q2NGlMoQbUTHIp3mMtQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "The hype is real!! The beignets here are so delicious! I wasn't a big fan of beignets before - I mean, I'd eat them/get them, but I never would crave them. But these are on a different level! My boyfriend and I went here almost everyday of our trip (3 out of 4 days). Seriously, even Disneyland beignets got nothing on these. Also, I really liked the location and general atmosphere. There's a ton of tables crammed in, lots of chatter around, but you can also hear music going on in the French Quarter. Somehow, the waiters/waitresses know to serve you among the tons of tables. However, I did go during an off-weekend though, where there wasn't any big festivals going on and seating luckily wasn't an issue."}, {"review_id": "aoA8VQB3ktBY3EYDd5y3fg", "user_id": "IcsIvkwDkBhRJvc-LBQQoA", "rating": 1.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "TLDR: Skip it. Just walk by and look at it.Everyone I asked for what to do in New Orleans recommended this place. Even a friend I had who used to live here. They all went on about the chicory in the coffee. Even people I know who don't like coffee.  But after visiting I just don't understand why people like this place, at all. Coffee: I'm an avid coffee drinker and I could barley taste the chicory. Also the coffee was meh it just tastes like instant, ground ages ago, watered down coffee you can get in a can at the grocery store. I think maybe people just go on about the chicory because it is like a thing not because they actually can taste or enjoy it. Beignets: As far as beignets go they are good. But I personally don't get the appeal of eating fried dough drowning in powered sugar? I just don't care for it I guess. Service:Some of the severs were really really nice while others are quite terrible.  I don't like the vibe of the place it feels like you've been thrown in a cattle pen with other tourists and the servers are vultures watching and waiting to descend on you. Nothing against the servers personally, it is how it has been set up in order to deal with a high volume of customers and I have a feeling they make most of their money in tips. The server I had was an older asain lady. She was rude and after paying for our food she stood there staring and made a kind of clearing her throat noise to indicate she wanted a tip. I don't like when people pressure for tips. I don't feel like I should have to tip someone who brings me one plate of food and isn't coming back. Skip it:I went to just have the experience. Deffo not worth it. I felt like all the people I see waiting in a line at the 1st Starbucks and have felt bad for. My view is similar walk by and take a pic if you want to but then move along and spend your travel time better elsewhere."}, {"review_id": "CDVKh1tANXDb1boIHAmLmA", "user_id": "OLf0E5VhM50TRJcA-jUWlw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "So good I came here twice. Came after dinner on our first night for dessert then also for breakfast. Fresh hot beignets covered in powdered sugar and coffee with chicory. Simply delicious! V lucky on both visits that we got a table without needing to queue."}, {"review_id": "qWzJXI25Kk06CjJgUB3Eew", "user_id": "a4m4ZwQu_0zsJhTrAHBsdA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "So this place obviously doesn't need need my review to help establish how great it is. I'm honestly surprised that it is rated as low as it is. People probably just don't like getting messy or the controlled chaos that ensues once you come anywhere close to this place. So some background. I've been here a few times over the years, and it's been great. I came to New Orleans on a business trip recently and I actually came here twice during that trip. There are a few other locations I think throughout New Orleans, but I don't care. This place is the one and only one for me. The beignets here are the most perfect beignets that you can ever get. They are warm, fluffy pillows of airy dough. Their sweetness is directly dictated by the amount of powdered sugar you can keep on top of them. They are perfect. You'll find beignets at other restaurants, sure, but they'll be small or too flakey or a little soggy from oil. I am resolute in my love for this place.In order to get to this place, you'll have to wait in one of two massive lines. One is the line to sit down that spills out onto the sidewalk. No one is going to seat you. You're just going to have to see when people are leaving and jack their seats as soon as they leave and before another party from the outskirts can jump in front of you. The other line is the also massive line that leads up to the to-go window. It'll get you through faster, but you won't get to experience the hustle and bustle of the servers trying to get everything right, nor will you get to wade through the mountains of powdered sugar all over the floor. If you come to New Orleans and you don't come here at least once, you're not doing it right. Also, we forewarned, they are cash only."}, {"review_id": "2hfheZk9quQGyrK1sqnYrQ", "user_id": "W_MuoJIhSJYCXJ3q6TkyWA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "Because of the popularity there is going to be a wait. There are 2 lines, one for take out and one for dining. Keep in mind they are known for their beignets (powdered sugar donuts). From other yelp reviews people highly recommend their coffee, but I thought it was actually bad. I love coffee and was disappointed. I understand they are very busy, but with a limited menu and most of the customers coming for the beignets, I don't really understand how difficult it is to serve the dining customers. We came with a group of 8 guys and they seated us at a table that should fit a max of 4. We waited at this squished table for about 15 minutes before we were served. In the meantime people are sneaking in the back and sitting down, skipping the line. Yes they are busy but they could do a better job at seating and serving. You have to try this place only because of all the reviews, but next time I'll try another restaurant that probably has equally as good beignets."}, {"review_id": "mP24Vp4DQDctB6AW0nNBbg", "user_id": "xExFffLMwG2V6-709f3oFg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "It feels somewhat ridiculous to be writing a review for this place. Who HASN'T been here? Or with all those reviews already, what will mine say in addition? I will say that my cherry was popped last week and I've never been the same. #NolanewbieOf all things in N'awlins, hands down my fave is.. wait for it.. the cafe au lait LOL. This is coming from someone who is lactose intolerant and mostly drinks soy/almond milk. Let me specify that it is the hot cafe au lait that I think is delicious, especially if you pair it with the beignet. The iced one doesn't give the warm fuzzies as the hot one. The coffee is strong with the taste of chicory, all fanciful with milk. I prefer the coffee without any added sugar (the beignets are sweet enough as is) and you just let that coffee do the talking.I like simple donuts, so the beignets were perfect. These were hot, fried dough with an interior I'd describe as pillowy and soft. I must've been to Cafe du Monde 5 times during my trip (no joke), and every time these beignets have come out piping hot and fresh. So bomb diggity at 2am on a Friday morning, and at 4pm on a Thursday, and..This review ended up being long.."}, {"review_id": "4W5oHFMUQJ4zwZDnDvk_1Q", "user_id": "nok8EGzOP8NTefKcR1EG4g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "I feel like a sellout reviewing this place but I honestly have to.There's a part of me that doubts how good this place is every time I come here. But literally a minute after ordering, a plate full of beignets topped with powdered sugar is put in front of me. I look at it from all sides in an attempt to find fault with it. There is none. I pick one up and take a bite, hoping to find an uncooked, doughy, raw center. Nope.Honestly, it doesn't get better than this. These beighnets aren't a part of some fad. It's the real deal! It's no wonder this place is crowded all throughout the day and night. Yes, the entire 24 hours!It's a New Orleans landmark for sure. I've never been disappointed the many times I've been here. At this point, I'll be shocked if the next beighnets aren't the same, incredibly delicious, puffy amazeballs I'm used to."}, {"review_id": "91OZ4895xKuWkvZ9RgRv3A", "user_id": "FcCTddM29VnAagu4W6rmvg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "I always make sure to take my NOLA first timers here because I think it's a fun experience if you've never been.  Look, you can stand in line and eat in a crowded space during the day OR you can go late at night when everyone else is busy drinking in the Quarter and get sat and served right away.  I think you know which one I prefer.  On our most recent trip, our group of 10 had plenty of space to sit and 6 coffees and 7 orders of beignets later, everyone was covered in powdered sugar and extremely happy.  Café du Monde is a study in business efficiency and I find it fun to observe such a well-oiled machine.  Plus the beignets are consistently warm, soft and delicious."}, {"review_id": "mDhTJvl77kI8ce7J2Hotng", "user_id": "9PZwc_hdFL75FjFK2xPQkQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "This place is iconic. Not sure how any can be complaining here. They are open 24/7, 365 at this location. They are ALWAYS hopping. I have been here several times in the last 20 years. They have a small menu which consists of beignets and coffee! Can't mess it up. First you have to get into shark mode and gobble up the first free table you see. Within 2 min a waiter will be over to you to take your order, 2 min after that you have your items. Each order of beignets comes with 1/2 lb lol of confectioners sugar, which is amazing. You'll see every walk of life here. You'll leave happy and full of sugar and carbs. Please try this place out at least once in your life. Oh and remember, CASH ONLY!"}, {"review_id": "dXOZg7_3Lr0CucpMq8r_uA", "user_id": "DBX_qNim3dUMXCzpEe_G3g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "When in New Orleans... Café Du Monde is a must. I was here twice during my trip, once at night and once during the day. Both times they were jam packed with tourists and locals. Café Du Monde has a huge outdoor seating area and a smaller indoor area. It's self seating so just stand on the side and grab seats when the table frees up. Both times the turnover rate was relatively quick for us so there shouldn't be more than a 10 minute wait. Don't let the huge crowds scare you! Upon seating, almost immediately one of the servers approach you. It's cash only and all items are available for takeout. Their menu and prices for merchandise is attached to the napkin holders. $6 could probably get you an order of beignet and a drink. Beignets were delicious! Initially I thought it would taste like a donut, but it definitely reminds me of zeppoles. Orders are made fresh and the outside is crispy and the inside is super soft. If you're interested in buying their merchandise (coffee, beignet mix, t-shirts, etc.), the store is located just across the street. They don't carry merchandise at the actual cafe."}, {"review_id": "t_hZXxM8FUHjMc2lXYihGA", "user_id": "NZrhXVRJIY7qMCrRytFJJQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/11/2018", "text": "Hey yo. OVER-RATED, *CLAP *CLAP *CLAPCLAPCLAP. Decided to stop here and try the world famous beignets from Café Du Monde. The only time I've had beignets is when I had them at Grace Street in Koreatown, NYC. For some reason, the beignets here were not like anything I expected them to be. Firstly, don't be intimidated by the long lines. There's one in the front if you want to be seated, and a takeout line towards the back. The lines move at a moderate pace as the beignets are packed before you order.As for the beignets, they were huge! The texture was crispy on the outside and slightly crunchy on the inside; softer than a zeppole but not as fluffy as I thought. Also, the mounds of powdered sugar were visually diabetes-inducing. As if I needed more reason to be reminded of the snowstorms and cold weather the past few weeks! Chomping them was a total mess - I was wearing a black jacket (yes, it was windy in NOLA) and I got powdered sugar all over me! I ended up looking like the Michelin man. You either have to eat them while danging them from above, or just eat em over a trash can. They should serve soft serve/ice cream though - it'll be a nice compliment to fried dough, and thus increase revenue by tenfolds."}, {"review_id": "8kVnnP-mjC0odgm279vFWw", "user_id": "b4bTks98idS6-hx5AT92WQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "Before you come here, while it's definitely something you'll see as a must-stop in a New Orleans tour guide, ask yourself if you really must have beignets.I like sweets as much as the next person, but if I had to choose between some beignets or a dozen donuts, I'd probably go with the latter.I'm not downtalking Cafe Du Monde's beignets--they're delicious, but they're not something I'll stand in line for more than an hour for, and after doing exactly that, I'm glad I know now.  You'll probably find a shorter line getting Mickey beignets at the New Orleans Cafe at Disneyland and they don't taste that much different.Anyway, I came here twice.  Once alone, where I actually stood in line for an hour and another time after walking Bourbon Street with co-workers at 2AM.  It's $3 and some change for three beignets, and you can also get some coffee, which I honestly wasn't all that impressed with.Other than the insane amount of powdered sugar they'll put on your beignet, there's nothing special here unless you think beignets are the best thing in the world."}, {"review_id": "qJALd2JvvpjTW6B3P7wtYA", "user_id": "hxAmOOv9Y3Z6prcNGICtZA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "Bucket list checked! Came today around 1ish and the place was packed and long line. But when you come to CDM you don't wait on line, just walk in, find an empty table, and they will take your order ASAP which what we did.  Our server was super nice! The beignets were so good! Crispy on the outside and super soft and moist inside. Tons of powder sugar too!! The frozen cafe au lait was a nice pair with the beignets. We will definitely comeback before we leave NOLA."}, {"review_id": "bzwLIT43KPzbCKXN-Mt8RA", "user_id": "omtZLg0ryIeaJfLTM7JPIA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/7/2018", "text": "All right, I know you are shocked I gave this staple a 3 but I was not impressed!The beignets are good, but not wow.  Make sure to sit down & order these fresh because if you get them to go, they come out smushed.  I was expecting to bite into a sweet cloud of glory, instead I bit into a crunchy, flat, oily beignet.Lots of seating available, service is quick.  To go line is quick as well.  They have a variety of beverages.If you are a fan, they have mix you can buy."}, {"review_id": "CxGFzpN7r-y298OHE_-XgQ", "user_id": "fX2eLAYd9ufkCrBJdZF3Ag", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/6/2018", "text": "We visited New Orleans in December 2017, and our hotel was a few blocks away from Cafe Du Monde, in the French Quarter, and there was no excuse not to visit it.  It was well worth the 12 minute walk, and even the plane ride down south.  Initially, I was expecting this to be one of those places with tons of buzz surrounding it, and little merit to back that up.  I'm happy that that wasn't the case.  We lucked out and didn't have to wait at all on the first day that we went (afternoon), and though it can get a little frantic here with all the tourists, it is a very well-oiled machine, and there is a method to their madness which we learned on a walking tour that we took the following day! The hack is that you don't need to officially wait on line to get in!!  That's right, you just have to spot an empty table (either inside or outside), and just park your butts down, and the hawk-eyed servers will find you and bus your tables (AFTER you sit down), and then take your order.  We learned this Pro-tip from our tour guide, and made sure to heed her advice on our second trip to the cafe (Oh, you better believe we went back again!!!).The fluffy, utterly delicious, and warm beignets (3 to an order) and yummy coffee come out relatively quickly, and you pay -- cash only, and make sure to tip -- as soon as you receive your food, and you can enjoy your pastries as you people-watch.  Jackson Square is right across the street, and there's a ton of fun things to do and see around there.  Now, don't be fooled into thinking that you'll have beignets better or even as good as the ones from Cafe Du Monde while in NOLA (or anywhere else), because it's not going to happen.  I don't know who told you what, but nothing tops them.  We tried this other place that advertised the Food Network's Alton's Brown's favorite NOLA beignet, and though their beignets were bigger, they were no where near as delicious or done with the same finesse as Cafe Du Monde.  Don't sleep on this.  Believe the hype, and like me, buy yourself a Cafe Du Monde sweater at a nearby gift shop because you'll want something to commemorate your visit to such an iconic place."}, {"review_id": "VCO1QMgO9OGSykqOdi9KBw", "user_id": "DbNKK25oOzfHxyfBHlOaDg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "It was raining on our first day in New Orleans so we took a chance on this place having a shorter line than usual.  It paid off for us and there wasn't a line.  The tables in the covered outdoor area were full so we made our way inside and found a few empty tables.  We definitely picked the right day to visit because every other time we walked by the cafe the line was very long.The servers come to your table to take your order.  The server then goes through the line with other servers to pick up your order and brings it to your table.  It is cash only.  The only food they serve is beignets.  One order consists of three beignets covered in powdered sugar.  They were very good.  Drink options include coffee, hot chocolate, milk, orange juice, bottled water, and soft drinks.  I was disappointed that they didn't have tea but they brought a small glass of water for each of us.  I'm glad we had the pleasure of tasting the beignets that everyone raves about.  We may visit again while in New Orleans but only if the line isn't very long."}, {"review_id": "pCBA6xNFWaghO7v7L4EhYg", "user_id": "I4eTqRHq93iElqq4f5istw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "A trip to NOLA would not be complete without a stop at Café Du Monde for some beignets and a cup off coffee. It's such an institution, and fun place to eat, and people watch, that I really do think it's as good as it gets.Scanning the others reviews, I see almost everything I could mention, already mentioned, except a couple things: Don't wear dark clothing if you plan to eat beignets, and for sure don't wear dark clothes if you plan to eat outside, and plan to eat beignets ON A WINDY DAY. You will end up covered in powdered sugar! Now you can (probably) find beignets, just as good (but I don't think better) than the ones at CDM. And some places do a fancier beignet, but I'm a purest, and am not a fan of those. It's fried dough and lots of powdered sugar, and nothing else, for me. Oh, and if that long line scares you, since CDM is open 24 hours, you can get them ANY TIME! I've hit CDM coming and going to Bourbon Street, but then I am a bit of a sugar junkie. Bottom line: Try it, at least one."}, {"review_id": "ikiFQbPy9fSr2FiibmIk0g", "user_id": "H8k5FpZTXhAxGwXWys8sGA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "Food: excellentService: excellentCame here late night to sit at the outdoor cafe with 2 friends to get the beignets. They did not disappoint! They were hot & very fresh, inexpensive and were served very quickly considering how packed it was."}, {"review_id": "-f9lIomFzmhqtCxsy9zlCw", "user_id": "mpIWbn0dTPxfQ_ca7tKLNQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "This is all they have to offer.  There menu hasn't changed since the place was founded in the 1800s.  If you like a strong cider this is the place for you all their coffee has chicory in it and they only offer one type of cow milk.  Therefore I wasn't able to enjoy a cup of coffee but opt to get the fresh squeezed orange juice instead and beignets.  The beignets here reminded me of a thick biscuit... it was still good just not better then cafe beignet...Another interesting fact is that the servers take your order and pay for it and when they come back you reimburse them for your order.  This way Cafe Du Monde is oaidbfir every item they serve and all the risk is in the servers."}, {"review_id": "hV2MaCWFrSJ_2VFwFSdoAQ", "user_id": "_hSzfiH_PsJobDYZze0ANA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "New Orleans oldest \"coffee shop\" is still cranking out the world's tastiest beignets and Cafe au lait!We stood on line to get a table, and in spite of the length, it moved quickly. We waited maybe 15 minutes total. We got a seat, ordered two Cafe au laits and two orders of beignets, and waited for the goodness to come. I couldn't leave New Orleans without stopping here, and have zero regrets about breaking my diet for this delicious bit of heaven. Fluffy, powdery goodness, that I dunked in my muddy, rich coffee...just perfect!Cash only, so be aware, but super cheap eats, and well worth the visit. Stop across the street to the general store, and get some coffee to take home..."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/caf%C3%A9-du-monde-new-orleans-12?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]