[[{"review_id": "s1lSuOWXfGWS-XVZHZtbAw", "user_id": "OLf0E5VhM50TRJcA-jUWlw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/9/2018", "text": "Wow wow wow!!! This place was absolutely the highlight of my 3 days in New Orleans. Fresh tear and share bread which was still warm. For starters I had the special which was shrimp and rice boulettes which came with a mustard tartar sauce. They were fantastic! I then got the dry rubbed ham hock with quinoa, herb and goat yogurt. The smell was incredible. The ham was so tender and just fell off the bone. We shared sides of mac n cheese casserole and smothered greens. For dessert I chose the chocolate beignets which were filled with chocolate sauce and cake with iced coffee ice-cream. Amazing"}, {"review_id": "laKZEAO47eaIRyiMYAH2jA", "user_id": "1fGQk63NNfSJGj3lxCzWhg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "New Orleans never ceased to amaze this Houstonian boy! I really liked my dinner visit at Cochon yesterday, it really made my second one-day trip in New Orleans complete.We were very lucky to get a table without reservation at Cochon at around 8. The restaurant has a huge dining area, so it really has higher seating capacity than other venues in NOLA. Our waitress was extremely friendly as well! For starter, my friends and I had the wood-fired oysters and the fried alligator. The oysters were sooo good! I have to say these beat Acme for sure. They were succulent, juicy, and so flavorful with the garlic butter topping. The fried alligator was also tactfully done, though the sauce made it a little heavy. For entree, our group fell in love with the short rib. It was so moist and tender, YOU MUST TRY IT! The rice was also served with a flavor-pact sauce as well. Nothing I would ask to change the way it is! The ham mock, ok the other hand, was a bit too tough and dry for my taste. I wouldn't order that again. Tl;dr: order the wood-fired oysters and the braised short rib, you won't be disappointed!"}, {"review_id": "cIe51gsNDOCX77kRVoG2qw", "user_id": "k-XqQgcCVw3o8ZCzWft1Sg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "Cochon was on my list from the moment I knew I was going to New Orleans. I was so excited to be there, and I really wish that it had lived up to the hype, but it did not.Items Ordered:Fried Alligator - The chunks of alligator were a good size, and the batter was decent, but the sauce was honestly kind of gross. I usually love sauces like this, but this tasted like under-seasoned warm mayo. The pickled onions and mint in the sauce were barely perceptible. I ended up removing the actual alligator meat from the breading and enjoying that on its own. Boucherie - The meats themselves were bland. I expected an array of salty pork goodness and received a variety of things that somehow all had a similar flavor, just with different textures. Paired with the toast points (which were delicious), the mustard, and the pickled vegetables (house made bread and butter pickles were the best), it was just okay.Smothered Greens - Delicious. The second best item we had. They had just the right amount of bacon, vinegar, and kick. Rabbit and Dumplings - served in a small skillet, but definitely heavy enough to be a main course. Comes with four dumplings each about the size of an egg. The dumplings had excellent texture. Unfortunately, my serving only had one piece of rabbit that was about half the size of one of the dumplings. The texture of the rabbit was also excellent, I just wish that there had been more of it. Also, although the gravy had a silky mouth feel and was well salted, the herbs in it were so overpowering that you could not actually taste the rabbit, dumplings, or root vegetables.House Lemonade - tart and refreshing, just a tad on the sour side, mellowed as the ice melted. Did a good job of cutting through the richness of the dishes and working as a pallet cleanser between plates.Blueberry Buttermilk Sorbet - The highlight of my meal. Amazing blueberry flavor with an ever so slight tanginess from the buttermilk, sweet but not overly sweet, and great texture. A perfect dessert.The service was great. You have two servers in your section so there is always someone available if you need anything. Both of our servers were extremely pleasant and helpful. Final thoughts, I was really hoping for an amazing meal here and, though it wasn't awful by any means, it wasn't $100 good."}, {"review_id": "SpaYnhyyzAHyORwOu-nCsg", "user_id": "82dCHyU-ANOgdhxUgZsUeg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/1/2018", "text": "Cochon means pig in French so if you're going to check out this NOLA-unique joint, don't skip out on some delicious pork. The service here during my visit was perfect--southern hospitality at its best! It's almost like we had 2 servers who were very attentive to all our needs. I even brought my 3-month old who was being extra fussy and difficult.I wanted to give this place 3 stars but the service was too good. I'd say it's a solid 3.5 and rounded up, mainly losing points because of saltiness. I ordered the cocktail, Smoke On The Water, and it was too salty (salt on rim of cup). I got a different cocktail and didn't like that either. I also ordered the Louisiana Cochon and it was too salty (needed some rice or something on the side to balance it out). The only thing I really enjoyed was the braised pork cheek (appetizer).I'd say anyone who is looking for a higher price point of yummy N'awlins grub, then check out Cochon! Maybe skip on the cocktails and get an Abita beer."}, {"review_id": "yjZGv6HL3uKGPxT5LLAgFQ", "user_id": "lt1554dV0MqddOI3MToi_w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "I came here while in town in New Orleans because of the great review and I wanted to try some true New Orleans food.  I made reservations online and requested a booth as well.  I checked in 30 minutes prior and was told that the table wasn't ready.  I came back 30 min later and was told that the thing available was a half booth that was right next to other people.  I was ugh.  Seriously?!    Other than the seating,  I was ready to eat some food Cajun Creole food from Louisiana. There was complementary rolls which was very tasty woI ordered the alligator and oyster appetizers.  I also ordered the Louisiana Cochon with cabbage and a side of Shrimp and Eggplant dressing.      Omg, the alligator and oysters were perfect and off tha chain.  It's amazing as everybody on here has said it was.  The Cochon was very good as well.  The Shrimp and Eggplant was just awesome.  I wanted more when it was all done. lol.  I highly recommend this place if your in the area.  Total bill was approximately $63 and well worth it."}, {"review_id": "LWTtRIiT92ycDnUVyEe8Bw", "user_id": "qqq14OFf-qUfgBkCf_X90g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/6/2018", "text": "Excellent! Superb! Decadent! I absolutely loved it here. Not to mention this place was incredibly trendy, hot and happening. I loved the vibes, from groups celebrating birthdays, to groups of girls dressed up in sparkles for a bachelorette, to our little casual group of 6. I absolutely loved it. Felt very welcome and at home here. The Wood-Fired Oysters with Chili Garlic Butter are an absolute must!!! I mean even if oysters aren't your thing, the flavor, the texture, the tast will definitely change your mind. I was so sad when I was done with my appetizer that I wished I had ordered a second plate. (Yes, they are that good). Also the shrimp and deviled egg gumbo is a must too. Just add that to the list. I'd say skip the Cochon plate, it had a unique particular flavor to it, and stick with the small plates and boucherie to share with someone. We had the Smoked Pork Ribs with Watermelon Pickle and these were pretty tasty, flavorful, messy, definitely going to see some hand wipes later on, which they actually give you after!We also tried the Boucherie Plate, which was filled with crouton crackers, pickles, and prosciutto like meats. Excellent Plate to Share!I also want to make sure that if you haven't already guessed that this restaurant is called COCHON, so plan on a lot of pork dishes. So full disclosure.Now for dessert. THE CHOCOLATE BEIGNETS will help you recover from the itis and get you on to your next destination in New Orleans. The vietnamese coffee flavored ice cream mixed with it is absolutely delicious."}, {"review_id": "5tM3v3f5kbv545rnVACJOw", "user_id": "NZrhXVRJIY7qMCrRytFJJQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/11/2018", "text": "Hey yo.I've wanted to come here since Phil from Somebody Feed Phil dined next door. After attending WWE Axxess nearby, I decided to take my friends here to dine on some legit southern food. If you've ever seen the Netflix show, you can say I was making the same faces that Phil makes when chomping. Chomped:1. Fried Alligator - tasted like chicken.2. Boucherie Plate - came with an assortment of ham, head cheese and paté. I didn't figure out how to properly chomp this to balance out the flavors until I combined everything and stacked them on the crouton crackers. The saltiness from the prosciutto was balanced by the bitterness from the mustard and sweetness from the pickled veggies. 3. Smoked Pork Ribs - smoky and tender af. 4. Louisiana Cochon - a pulled pork dish. Overall, I thought this dish was on the salty side. 5. Rabbit & Dumplings - rabbit also tasted like chicken. Make sure to soak this up with some bread (other than the dumplings). *Notable mention - sliders; this reminded me of the bread they sell in the Chinatown bakeries (奶油餐包). So soft and buttery!Otherwise, the decor was hip and trendy, and they even had a wood oven in the back with an open kitchen! Overall, I would come here again when I come back to NOLA to try all the other offerings. I saw the cooks making wood-fired oysters which looked absolutely mouthwatering."}, {"review_id": "nUcOqNVPRT2t073s9JL-Ag", "user_id": "omtZLg0ryIeaJfLTM7JPIA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/7/2018", "text": "A Cajun restaurant with a classy feel!  We came for an early lunch on a Monday & was seated immediately.  Such friendly, attentive customer service, & even better food!Fried Alligator with Chili Garlic Mayonnaise:  This restaurant has, by far, the best fried alligator I have ever tasted!  Crunchy outside, juicy inside, but what takes the cake is the savory, delectable sauce!Pork Cheek Sauce Piquant with Hominy Grit Cake:  Tender, tasty pork cheek.  Loved the pairing with the grit cake.Wood-Fired Ousters with Chili Garlic Butter:  Yummy sauce & scrumptious oysters!"}, {"review_id": "6JJWdgfiBfDpv6yxVuE0pw", "user_id": "Np9_vlzIcSOeOdHpnZA42Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/5/2018", "text": "Jay Z said, \"don't argue with fools, cause from a distance you can't tell who's who.\" Words to live by from The Black Album circa 2003. That's also the last good album he's released, so its been a good 15 years since he's dropped any real knowledge. I like to throw random shots at Nas' biggest fan from time to time to rile up his \"Stans,\" so here's the obligatory But I Digress...I bring up the aforementioned gem because I argue with a friend about pork all the time. For some reason he doesn't partake in the beast for archaic reasons. He thinks pigs are filthy animals, and I hope he didn't get that reasoning from Jule's in Pulp Fiction. He's not a religious fellow so I can't surmise that's his reasoning either. Not that eating pork would have kept us from passing through the Pearly Gates...we both led seedy lives in our youth, and the shenanigans of 2001 could solely keep us out #neverforget. Regardless, I don't argue with him anymore about it. I just tag him in every picture I post on social media that includes pork. Hey, I'm petty like that.I bookmarked Cochon via recommendations online. I'd say I got it from Eater, but then I wouldn't be a company man...and, I want another Review of the Day, so let's just say I used Yelp.Cochon is a french word for pig, dirty swine, or something along those lines (maybe my friend was right). You didn't think your boy was cultured huh? I learned that in France, as boucherie plates are my thing, and if you hang out in butcher shops long enough you pick up a few things here, and there. You're welcome.I got here right as it opened at 11am on a Sunday, and a line was already forming. I'm not sure that's a good sign or not as people line up those for highly overrated beignets on Bourbon Street. Give me savory over sweet any day.The first thing that was ordered were the wood fired oysters with garlic chill butter, and boucherie board. The clams came out first, and they were smokey, and as advertised, a bit spicy. Definitely good, but I think I prefer my mollusks al natural. The board had pickled veggies, pate, head cheese, sliced pork/hams, and toasted bread to put them on. This is what I came here for. It was all excellent, especially the head cheese.Lastly the Cochon was ordered. I didn't know what it was at first, so I had to ask the waiter. He told me it was shredded pork rolled up into a ball, and lightly pan fried. It was accompanied with cracklins, pickled turnips, and cabbage. Cracklin's are like upscale pork rinds, and mixed with the meat were great. The cabbage was flavorful, and also complemented the pork well. I can't say I've had something like this being a gringo from Alaska, but I am now a fan. You know, I'm not sure my friend is on Yelp. I might have to ask him to join, and follow me (as you should all be doing), so he can see pork is a thing of beauty. While I do that, get the boucherie board, and check out my other reviews of New Orleans cause I got a few coming people. Until next time, salute!"}, {"review_id": "k2dWafNINzrFOTq2BfeOzg", "user_id": "7AZwH142qByRsLlai-2OBw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "I had to come here since Nicholas Cage raves about their wood-fired oysters with chili garlic butter (B+). It didn't live up to the hype for me. It was good but wasn't comparable to Felix chargrilled oysters. Granted they are both made differently but there was no wow factor. What we ordered:poached shrimp with grilled cucumbers, basil, chilies & clam broth (A-)- refreshing and light, best dish of our entire meallouisiana cochon with cabbage, cracklins & pickled turnips (C)- not enough flavor and punch, not memorable Our waiter seemed grumpy which added to our undesirable experience. While I was eating I was hoping another waiter swapped with us but nope we had to endure the pain of ours. Was watching his mannerisms with other patrons and he definitely was someplace else in his mind. Negative vibes suck.The restaurant is definitely a hipster joint. I don't particular care for the pretentiousness. The tables by the wall are placed TOO close together which creates an uncomfortable ambience. We couldn't wait to get out of there and walk over to Felix for chargrilled oysters where the service is unpretentious and the smiles are plentiful. Skip."}, {"review_id": "QPv9Xyx-cJf5ItG231W0KQ", "user_id": "zcUlXyniwZMHmP3Ns6P4Ew", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/28/2018", "text": "Short Review:Best meal I've had in a long time.Long Review:Just arrived in New Orleans for the first time. It was a Wednesday around 3pm. Had to be back by 6pm to do some work so we decided to get a quick bite. Not sure how long we would be able to stay in NOLA since we were only able to reserve the RV park we were at for 2 days. So I did not want to waste the meal. Logged in to Yelp and saw Cochon was highly rated so we hit the road. Was able to find some street parking fairly easily around 4pm, not sure how the parking situation may be during busier times.Service was great, we were sat quickly and everything came out promptly as it should. I'm not big on uppity fine dining type places. One thing I liked about Cochon is that it was almost like being at a fine dining restaurant without the fine dining uppity atmosphere. It was very casual.We started with the baked oysters... amazing. Perfectly cooked and the sauce/seasoning was so good. Their bread was also very good.For our main course I had the short rib which was one of the best things I've eaten in a while. The flavor was insane, the sauce, the mushrooms the fried onions all worked perfectly together. My girlfriend had the Cochon which while not as \"intense\" as my short rib was also very good.So happy with the food we had so far we decided we had to try the dessert and what else could we choose on our first day in NOLA but the chocolate beignets. Now I've never had beignets so I honestly can't compare it to any other beignet. What I can compare it to is other desserts I've had and this was by far one of the best. The beignets were very sweet and you put that together with the amazing coffee ice cream which has a very good coffee flavor but is not overly sweet and it was a perfect match.Two entrees, one appetizer, dessert and two drinks came out to just under $100. Rarely have I had a meal that lived up to a $100 bill, this one was totally worth it!"}, {"review_id": "Tz-E9JGqWiL_LtUK8nt8Ag", "user_id": "rEoXzDJC_rAxUjaAL78KJA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "What a great recommendation! We were only in town for 1 day, and a close friend suggested I check this place out before heading out. We visited on a Tuesday afternoon just before the lunch rush. We opted to sit outside because it was such a beautiful day, which was a bit noisy because of the street traffic, but it was still quite enjoyable. We started off with cocktails, the \"Black Magic Woman\" and a local beer. Both great options and the cocktail was made to perfection. For entrees I went with the Rabbit & Dumplings $23, which was my first time trying rabbit. It was absolutely delicious! The flavor of the dish was very impressive, and the rabbit taste very similar to chicken in my opinion. We also ordered the fried alligator with chili garlic mayonnaise. Also my first experience. The sauce was not a great as we expected, but the gator itself wasn't bad at all. The service was absolutely incredible! From the moment we walked in until the time we left, the staff were all very friendly and helpful, not only to us, but to surrounding guests as well. I would certainly recommend this place to anyone visiting the area."}, {"review_id": "rnZaawHEA3VpKkot6L7mjQ", "user_id": "k1DUnGCEGsVE-kaCimakZg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/1/2018", "text": "Have you ever had food so good it makes you cuss? Let me first say that I am not a fan of small plates. So it goes a long way when I tell you that Cochon, despite its small plate offerings, was delightful. I was visiting New Orleans for work and cozied up to the bar for a solo dinner. I had the oysters and ribs, which was plenty of food for one and didn't feel like small plates at all. The oysters were drenched in a garlic butter sauce that I couldn't get enough of, and the ribs were rich and meaty. When the ribs came out, multiple people at the bar remarked at how good they looked and smelled. Strong whiskey cocktails as well that are unique plays on traditional drinks."}, {"review_id": "PTr6fIGW0oKNKNzC4FXqHw", "user_id": "yUJ3iif5wtqTBjJeWOa9Ng", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/19/2018", "text": "Came to Cochon for a nice dinner, plus our Uber driver spoke to how popular this place was.The restaurant had a dimly lit, bar vibe. However, it was classy and it had a slight hipster ambiance. We ordered the fried alligator and mac and cheese on the menu, and an aged pork and fish from their menu of the day. The food was delicious! However, while it was very good, it seemed to miss anything special about it. I came to Nola expecting unique and exquisite food. However, most of these items I felt could be replicated anywhere else (outside the alligator.) The bathroom was clean and organized, as I expected somewhere this classy to be."}, {"review_id": "8M-s0-fxZWMU-J3MIizPsA", "user_id": "m8qHVtzs3PypPzc_G7wl4w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/30/2018", "text": "This was our best meal in New Orleans.  After getting a recommendation from our Street Food tour guide, we decided to dine here on our last night in New Orleans.  I couldn't get last minute reservations, but from others' reviews, bar seating was available for walk ins and we were lucky enough to snag the last to seats.  We ordered the Short Rib over rice and mushroom gravy, Gulf fish cooked Fisherman Style, and Mac and Cheese casserole.  I was going to order a 4th dish, but I was glad I didn't.  3 was more than enough for 2 people to share.  The short rib was cooked perfectly.  It was tender and full of flavor.  It was my favorite dish out of the three. The fish was my husband's favorite.  The skin was crispy and the fish was still moist and flaky.  The portion was large and could easily split for 2.  Service was on point also, friendly and attentitive.  If we visit New Orleans again, this would be my first stop."}, {"review_id": "p49vdOORyMJt_Tgllf8Kow", "user_id": "9-8TrvuGkwtgH2nuVQ5wKw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Exceptional food, friendly service and all around great vibe. I had the oysters (best I've had so far), liver, shrimo and alligator - the flavor of the meat with the accompanying sauce were delicious and memorable."}, {"review_id": "WVP7b4ltED-MSrUCdXO0DA", "user_id": "EV7NdSdZlLIJ39Rq5DYI6A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/7/2018", "text": "Hmm... This will be a bit of a very personal review for Cochon. This was my first time in Nola & some of my friends did research and recommended Cochon as a great restaurant to try when Im in the city. 1st. The restaurant takes reservations - YESS, finally I wont have to wait in line. That's a great perk for a SF resident like myself. Make reservation a couple of weeks in advance to grab a good time slot - mine was 9pm, I was starving when I got there. The food menu looks good, we were splitting dishes so we can try a bit of everything. What I love: - Fried Alligator : it was sooo soo delish - Oysters: BEST DISH THEY HAVE (and they are famous for their pork - I know) My take on their signature dish? - Cochon something something ? MEH and also for the pork cheeks. MEH. I am sure people are crazy over these dishes, I think Nola people eat hella salty (probably the way they prepare the food) but I felt like I didnt enjoy these 2 because it was too salty for me - So for those who are aware of sodium intake, prepare yourself. But the way they prepare it, I think it's very well crafted. Pricing is reasonable, I need to give a non biased review on this despite my experience. :) it is worth the experience & food quality. If I come back, I would try the prosciutto plate & cheese of theirs"}, {"review_id": "5INSpLTtqvjtmwmW3IHjLg", "user_id": "nynCdsDYV1yQm69fkkCdwg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/5/2018", "text": "I was a little disappointed with the amount of reviews and rave I've heard. We ordered a ton of stuff for three: the mac and cheese (yum! Get this, nicely crusted), the short ribs, the pork cheeks, the fried alligator, the boudin balls. They gave us a complimentary pate dish, but it was underwhelming as well. Everything was either overly salty, heavy and/or tasteless. I'd honestly just go to Cochon Butcher! It's friendlier on the wallet and stomach! All in all, it was a pretty expensive meal too with how small the plates were."}, {"review_id": "gGOhlmqGOO92OUcHNmRSoQ", "user_id": "JlwVYU6MZta-nW0lSjkQKw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/7/2018", "text": "Cochon was the first reservation I made once we had booked our first trip to New Orleans. Even upon checking into our hotel and speaking with the concierge, they were enthusiastic when I told them of our one and only \"set plan\"- Cochon. We went on a Sunday night and I don't think we realized where it was in relation to the French Quarter- to us New Yorkers, it was off the beaten path. The place was jammed! Space for outdoor seating and a beautiful large space indoor that seemed to go on for miles. The space is gorgeous and exactly what you picture when you think of a butchery. Food- For starters we got the fried alligator (when in Rome, right?) and the pork cheeks with sweet potato gratin. Both delicious. Alligator was kinda like rock shrimp- is that a good thing? Yeah? I just was hoping for a different, more unique flavor. The pork cheeks was my favorite dish of the night I'd say. We shared two entrees: the Louisiana Cochon and the braised short rib. Both absolutely delicious. The Cochon has a pork sauce that, believe it or not, was a little too porky! I know that seems silly to say in a restaurant that oozes pork but- the dish could have used a slight contrast in flavor. But again, amazing. Oh and the Mac and cheese. Yes!Overall, another great meal in Nawlin's. Looking forward to trying Cochon Butchery the next time we're in town!"}, {"review_id": "kvAv8LZSM5zdioZ9Hhjkmg", "user_id": "BzLUyHSJrl-lUVWw9rqlvQ", "rating": 1.0, "date": "2/24/2018", "text": "Just the facts, Recommended by a couple of foodie friends. Made reservations a couple of days in advance on open table only 5.30 and 9.30 pm reservations available. Took the 5.30 pm Arrived at Cochon at 5.30 and was seated in the back room of the large restaurant. Beautiful simple decor with large tables. Plenty of empty tables through out our meal. Promptly ordered our drinks and food. Drinks came out with dinner rolls right away. 6.30 pm no food not one dish. Asked our server \"oh its coming right out\". No apologies,  6.40 my wife spoke to maybe a manager in red. 6.50 our table was discussing about when we were going to get up and leave. 5 minutes later the food came. Alligator Pork cheeks Louisiana CochonLima beansRedfish Boucherie plate BeetsFried livers Two items we ordered did not make our table, the ribs and the collard greens. However, at this point we did not want them anymore. The food wad decent but not memorable.  Just the facts $190 before the tip No Apologies just the truth."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/cochon-new-orleans-3?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]