[[{"review_id": "QubCxaX_odU3RDTsHXdw7w", "user_id": "0n4g3q1CMDiwZVMwBHmlAg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "The ambience is to die for with an art gallery on the ceiling!! It's in a shotgun-style house, where you walk through the bar to the kitchen to the seating area. We celebrated my parents' 35th anniversary dinner here in April. Our waiter brought out a champagne toast on the house for 5 of us to enjoy a flute of celebration! We were allowed to bring in a cake from a local bakery no problemo!The food was amazing! We had the blackened redfish, the godzilla, and catfish etouffee. The blackened redfish was like butter. The godzilla is a softshell crab on top of a fried tomato and lives upto it's name. The crawfish étouffee was jam-backed with crawfish meat and cajun flavor. Thank you for making our night so special! Well-Done!"}, {"review_id": "OxqTlco-sSj9cza8hItFqw", "user_id": "enyya6d9nhKu08Qsk9Jvdg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "Cool kitchsy spot to visit in New Orleans. I absolutely enjoyed the decor and the fact that you can have dinner on the back of a pick up truck. Sadly we didn't get seated there but the whole restaurant's is worthy of a cool pic. The environment is super casual and eclectic. Went here on a late Friday night and was able to get a table relatively quickly (30 min). I didn't mind the wait since they have an outdoor bar (which is cash) that you can easily grab a drink while you wait. The food: Delicious depending on what you order. I had the seafood bouillabaisse and by god try it. The flavors are all on point. You will not be disappoint and it's a big portion. Don't waste your time with the ettoufee because it just lacked flavor and very bland. I enjoy the fact that they provide free garlic cornbread but some of the pieces were dry but the ones that weren't were tasty."}, {"review_id": "MT6QF-3rb32KTLMitWq84Q", "user_id": "0-xOnpxY7bxozKIaJg32MQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "There is a reason we HAD to come here on our recent NOLA trip. Our visit paid off in the form of delicious, rich, unbelievable food and friendly service. We had: Boudin Balls - fried with spicy pepper jack cheese inside. WowooowwwwwStuffed Pork Chop - full of shrimp and ground beef, with a mushroom sauce and cracklins on the plate - holy huge pork chop, batman! This thing was three inches thick, and the stuffing was spilling out everywhere, yay!Stuffed catfish with hollandaise - large piece of delicious baked fish, stuffed with crab meat in a thick roux, and covered in hollandaise. Obviously not for those who are watching their heart healthy eating but holy crap this was spectacular. Fish cooked perfectly, flaky, great crispy edges, and the stuffing was woah. Sides: creamy mashed red potatoes that you could melt the butter out of, smothered cabbage with andouille sausage (super flavorful), butter beans with rice (should have just ordered a big plate of these, amazing)Bonus freebie: cornbread muffins with garlic butter on top. Next time please bring us twice as many please, these are spectacular. Drinks: watermelon mojito special, my go cup was full at the bottom of delicious rum soaked real watermelon that I ate for dessert because I could not find any more room in my stomach for more food even though I WANTED TO. Our waiter was friendly and attentive, the interior is bigger than I thought, and the decor is fantastically eclectic."}, {"review_id": "LKL7qGWho94wmAh14BChcA", "user_id": "21wkkMppjxxLUS9xF9E5FQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/22/2018", "text": "This was an interesting experience, to be sure. Came here on our last night in New Orleans. This place was packed and we had about an hour or so wait. The main part of the restaurant is super tiny, but they have expanded to the building next door and have outdoor seating as well.While waiting we wandered around the neighborhood. I do like that they text you on your phone when your table is ready. We got lucky and got the front window table. The decor is super funky and eclectic. Love the old portrait paintings on the ceiling and the light fixtures. There is only one bathroom, and it's super tiny. Unisex bathroom, so ladies, be careful of the floor and don't let your pants touch it. Ick. The sink is outside of the bathroom, it's that small. LOL. Our server was very good, though not super friendly, but I wouldn't be very friendly trying to fight my way to tables through the waiting crowds.We ordered the alligator cheesecake. Some loved it, but I did not care for it. Just a personal preference. I guess I'm not big on savory cheesecakes. The cornbread muffins were super good though. Loved them. The house salad was interesting. A handful of spinach with a deep fried oyster on top. It was good. Very different than most salads. I ordered the Crawfish Etouffee and I just didn't care for it. I traded with my sister and I had her gumbo. The gumbo was good. My friend ordered the BBQ Shrimp and I had a couple of those and they were delicious. I wish I would have ordered something else. I think I just chose the wrong dish for me. Hope to be able to go back and try other dishes. It was a super fun experience though, and I love the old truck parked in front that has a table and chairs in the back. It's actually a seating area and there were some people eating at that table. Hilarious!"}, {"review_id": "k0W80bJBpvt19BG-QyYkVg", "user_id": "gK9q-OTSYdllXTkZ2NIQfA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/24/2018", "text": "I'd recommend coming early as this place fills up quickly & the wait can get intense depending when you show. They have some really unique items here influenced by the cuisine of the region. Alligator, rabbit, venison, and duck all make appearances on the menu. The meal here starts with some pretty epic garlic butter cornbread biscuits. We ordered the  duck & andouille gumbo & alligator shrimp cheesecake as appetizers. The cheesecake was unlike any other dish I've ever eaten. Really inventive and, most importantly, tasty. The gumbo was superb. Smokey, a little spicy, and just flat out delicious. Save some of your cornbread & use it to sop up the gumbo (pro tip)...amazing. I had their fried chicken with potato salad & red beans and rice. All were great. Loved the red beans & rice. Fantastic. My wife had the grouper special & loved it. The kids split a calamari appetizer & loved it. Service was good & surprisingly attentive give how packed the place was. Prices were.reasonable.  Definitely worth a visit if some slightly more exotic proteins don't scare you off."}, {"review_id": "k0T8U3QrfAgoSzWnF7wchw", "user_id": "BepphI_oGFLXywZ8JlpbbQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "Come to Jacques-Imo's hungry. And not just a little hungry, STARVING. The portions are very generous and everything on the menu is delicious. I've been here twice now and the second time was better than the first. The atmosphere is really fun. It's fast paced and funky but definitely fun. We had a large party and our server Aubrey was really attentive. I asked her to pick her favorite item on the menu and surprise me. The crab stuffed drum (I think it was) did not disappoint. She chose greens and mashed potatoes as sides and OMG the mashed potatoes were UN.REAL. Best I've ever had. My mom also got the Godzilla special and said it was the best meal she's ever had. I also loved the boudin balls. This is a must stop when in Nola, for the street car ride if nothing else (the ride is gorgeous through uptown)."}, {"review_id": "gG5yY0jOFt_Kzr7CbrCm9A", "user_id": "TiikA-pjftLxzo5tr-fIig", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/23/2018", "text": "After a nice afternoon at the Audubon Zoo with the Fam - went in search of sustenance and rolled on over to Jacques-Imo's - and, by some miracle, we were able to get a table right away. The last time I was here was at least 10 years ago but it left a lasting impression on me. The Alligator Cheesecake and the Soft Shelled Crab that night were just perfect. Maybe the best Soft Shell Crab I've ever had. So it was with high expectation that I walked in with two people who had never been here before. And it was just as good as I remembered. Within minutes of arrival there appeared a plate of Buttered Garlic Parsley Cornbread that I could have just eaten all night. Following that was a pan of flash-fried Brussels Sprouts and part of that process involved some sweet & sour sauce that just WORKED. These too were so amazing that a coupe orders of those would have done me fine for a meal. For a main I had the Blackened Redfish with Sweet Potato Mash and Mustard Greens also nicely done. The combo of all three of those was really the best part about that dish. Each item on its own was very good and just short of amazing but the three together became something special. One of our party was celebrating a birthday so the surprise Bread Pudding and Creme Brûlée with the obligatory candle was a nice touch at the end. Avery took GREAT care of us so huge shout out there.....Another great meal and memory in the greatest culinary city in the country....."}, {"review_id": "XuoYIFMHzI05LDy2JaFTWg", "user_id": "wh7yz5cZKi-nMhyLhUIM0Q", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/19/2018", "text": "Loooooonnnnnggg wait for dinner (~90 minutes). Complimentary garlic bread was very good (but not warm). We both got some watermelon drink which had whole chunks of watermelon. I appreciated the fresh fruit juice but could have done without dodging the little white seeds. (I know they're edible, but it's not my thing!)The shrimp and alligator sausage cheesecake was unique... more like a quiche. Good flavors and textures but the temperature was a weird lukewarm. The small side salad was good with a light sesame dressing and an oyster.The boyfriend's crawfish etouffee was good but not the best he had while in NOLA and was also lukewarm. The crusted drum fish was a new one for me. Nice and crispy with a mild flavor but not my favorite (lukewarm as well). Overall, a fun, quirky place. It was nice to see Jacques mingling with the crowds. However, being that I'm not the biggest seafood fan, I felt my options were a little limited and the food overall could have been much better had it been hot."}, {"review_id": "eEryLoPfE7ad-TBrX9TtdQ", "user_id": "ysCBsXWPB-LAiewVS3jZfQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/21/2018", "text": "Though I've had a string of 3-4 star experiences as of late, I can't help but look at the entirety of Jacque-Imo's and realize what an impressive operation they run. There is usually a young, eclectic crowd night in and night out; kthe cocktails are excellent and on its best days, the food is incredible. It is one of those establishments that needs to be visited multiple times to appreciate its potential and is one of my favorite spots in all of NOLA.Though it doesn't look big from the outside, Jacque-Imo's is in fact deceivingly spacious. From the entrance near their infamously painted vehicle is their bar setup, where I've spent several visits just sitting at the counter sipping a cocktail or three away. Dig a little further in and one will encounter their kitchen, which is out in the open for all to see. Only after this will one reach their dining room, where a handful of tables are situated close to each other. The decor is very NOLA with a slightly funky feel with what feels like random paintings and portraits scattered across the walls and ceilings.If it weren't already obvious, the star of the show is the food. Budget eaters beware: it is pricey, but I like to think that I won't find food like this anywhere else. Everything from their appetizers to main courses have been downright delicious. Listed below are my favorites:-----Boudin Balls: These are as stuffed as the ones found along I-10 across various Cajun mom and pop restaurants. They're hearty, crunchy, and the accompanying sauce (creole mustard) is the perfect tang for a wonderful bite.Garlic Cornbread: Dare I say it, but they have some of the best cornbread I've ever had.Crawfish Etouffee: This classic dish is one of my favorites anywhere in Louisiana and Jacque-Imo's has produced such a rich version that it has occasionally haunted my dreams.\"Godzilla\" = A seasonal item that if available, one should always get. Fried soft shell crab is too good to pass up. The bonus? It's stuffed with cheese and shrimp. It's also the perfect Insta-opportunity for those of you who dabble in IG.Shrimp + Alligator Sausage Cheesecake: It sounds a lot more glamorous than it really is, but it reminds me of a meaty slice of cake. Portion wise it may surprise folks at how small it actually is. Bottom line: It's very tasty and by far the most memorable dish in the house.Fried Oysters: This seems random, seeing as it's not a star item on the menu, but rather a complimentary piece that is offered at the start of every meal. I always ask if I can get a dozen of these babies because they're addicting as hell. The crunch of the fried shell met with the fleshy innards of the oyster is a wonderful finish.------The service has always been friendly with me but I know folks have had their issues with the efficiency of the staff in the past. I tend to visit during their least busy hours, which I think is key to getting the kind of attention one needs. This place is often so busy that waiting for a table between 6pm-9pm is not at all out of the ordinary."}, {"review_id": "lpIcxOw_hRGCxDAHr5y0VQ", "user_id": "9Ojmt0CYcKnrCQAK7csIfg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/7/2018", "text": "There aren't enough stars for this review !!!THIS RESTAURANT IS PHENOMENAL ! I've lived in New Orleans all my life and have ever been to a better run restaurant. The teamwork between staff members to get food out, the friendly service and the AMAZING food makes this restaurant my new fav. Yes the prices are a little higher than most but the amount of food you get for what you pay is on point!!! I can't wait to go back!!! We showed up about 6pm and the restaurant was already packed, we waited about 20 minutes and were seated. Our waiter was nice and very knowledgeable about the menu and the food was soooo good! If you are looking for a great place to grab a meal please check this restaurant out !!!!"}, {"review_id": "kV-Hh8ej0Nemu9TzaRpN5g", "user_id": "BhVYeXN3H3rvmpIb9dvBMg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/6/2018", "text": "We came to Louisiana for Wrestlemania weekend and this was our dinner spot to try which was near our Air B and B. It was cute and small but we got sat outside which wasn't too bad until we noticed the odor. We were sat next to the trash bins which made it real hard to ignore the smell. I got the chicken puntalba I believe and it was sooo tasty. I loved everything about the plate. At first the waitress was kind of annoyed looking which was kind of annoying. After a while she seemed to warm and and be nice so that was okay."}, {"review_id": "Yo4f8LrFp5mxTE2ixQgUMg", "user_id": "lSTpistMTle8XngX9SUhkw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "Great times! Loved meeting Jacques, his crew was wonderful and full of genuine southern hospitality. All of the food was on point. Standouts were the Alligator Cheesecake and Drumfish."}, {"review_id": "qtpmD99la_aXJ9Lyx7hyPQ", "user_id": "CCVZmgt88ma5zsiHNWlMEQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/13/2018", "text": "This is a much belated review but one that needs reviewing none the less.I was introduced to this awesome cafe 4 years ago.  I was fortunate enough to be treated here for a birthday present from my girlfriend at tthe time, the lovely Kim.   As most do, she put our name in the hat and we went next door for a drink while waiting for our turn. Didn't take long at all!At first it was a bit overwhelming.  Large crowds and new to me places are always sensory overload but she took care of the whole thing.   Seated in the way back section, near a hall way but surprising it wasn't a bad seat.  I was just thrilled that we weren't sitting outside in the truck.  LOL.We started with the garlic muffins which were great! Went really quick. Then the alligator cheesecake and boudin balls were next...again, I gobbled them super fast.  This is where it gets hazy for me.   I dont remember what I or my date was drinking, but I do remember that everything , before, after, the entire experience there was great.  The memory of Jacque-Imo's and being my birthday will forever keep a favorable bookmarker in my head.  Thanks for the dinner Kim!!"}, {"review_id": "-k8kB-KvW3k0IaibKu8kuQ", "user_id": "y158lUTlxiUiqlkUIPgtng", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/24/2018", "text": "It's hard to get five stars in my book, and this place almost does it. If it weren't for our slow service and inattentive waitress who socialized with her friends at a table nearby most of the night, I'd definitely give Jacques-Imo's five stars.The food was so delicious, I had a hard time trying to decide what to get. I don't like most seafood, but there was a great selection on the menu for non-seafood folks like me. I was eyeing the Chicken Pontalba, the Grilled Duck Breast, the Blackened Lamb Sirloin, Mushroom Stuffed Salmon, Stuffed Quail or the Vegetarian Delight. The menu is VERY extensive, and the entree comes with two sides and two other courses! The portions are also huge!Ironically, I ended up going with the stuffed salmon (one fish I will eat), so out came a huge salmon filet folded and stuffed with mushrooms, spinach and ginger goodness. It came on top of beans and a yummy ginger cream sauce. Can you tell I like ginger?I could barely eat half considering the two courses we already had: corn bread and a spinach salad are served with every meal. There is no need to order appetizers, though there were some that looked good. As I mentioned, each entree comes with two sides that you can choose from a list of standard Southern faire. I got beets and mashed sweet potatoes. They were good, but my friend's mashed potatoes looked even better. And to be honest, there's so much food that you don't really need sides.Maybe that's why dishes are so expensive. I don't think the menu is updated online, because my salmon was $29.95. Most dishes were over $25. My friend got the fish special and hers was $32.95. I really think they could make the sides or first courses optional and then bring the prices down. There's really no reason to serve sooo much food and then price it so high; a lot of it gets thrown away anyway :(  Even though fish doesn't keep very well, my leftovers the next day were delish!I highly recommend this place for anyone visiting New Orleans. It's loved by visitors and locals alike. Just be prepared for a wait and a cramped dining area."}, {"review_id": "dVkWmt9AwhcpEnpL4vRTaw", "user_id": "Hkxd3Bpt8PKJ23jHJ3DkrQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/23/2018", "text": "My mom was visiting and was very adamant on trying \"New Orleans food.\" After asking my friends where to go, we concluded on this place basically because they had gumbo. It was an interesting ambience for sure, after looking at the prices of the items online I was assuming it was going to big and fancy. It looks more like a hole in the wall but with a homey vibe which is not a bad thing. So for our food - we got the alligator cheesecake which was essentially a quiche. After looking at how every single person on here posted a photo of it and the raving reviews, we had to try it. Honestly, it was not my favorite. It was more egg/cheese than the alligator and shrimp itself. Our other appetizer was the duck and andouille gumbo. It was awesome! I was a huge fan - I thought the presentation could be better but it tasted amazing - flavorful, and I don't think I've ever liked duck that much! Entrees - My mom got the blackened redfish and I got the stuffed catfish. My mom's was better than mine 100% as always she always orders the better thing ha. It was light, flaky and the fish tasted very fresh. The stuffed catfish however was so sweet and creamy that I could not finish it. Overall, I thought we were paying way more for the food than what we were getting due to presentation. A waitress also spilled food on my mom on accident, but bought us dessert to apologize so that was nice of her. I have no idea what it was because it was just handed to us, but it seemed like a caramel custard type thing? pretty pretty good. Better than my catfish"}, {"review_id": "FS_eKv-7V21PoPGLrgB3mQ", "user_id": "AD3E9aI9dwbzY12McbZ1qg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/21/2018", "text": "What a fun place and great way to wrap up a VERY quick day trip to the Big Easy. I was slightly concerned that it's popularity would mean a bunch of tourists in Hard Rock Cafe t-shirts but that was not the case. We did get there right as they opened, timing just made it happen that way, and there was already a line. The place is very funky in a kitschy, crazy-Aunt-you-adore, way. And the staff are friendly and familial. We opted out of the alligator cheesecake everyone demanded we have (just not my thing) so I can't vote on that. But the corn bread muffins were absolutely yummy and addictive. For dinner I had the fried chicken with mashed potatoes and southern greens. The chicken pieces were HUGE but cooked and seasoned perfectly. Here's the downside..... The sides were delicious but the portion just wasn't enough. It's potatoes and greens; staples in traditional southern meals for two reasons. 1) They are freaking delicious, 2) They are readily available, and 3) They are cheap!!!! I felt so defeated when I saw the amount I got. Maybe 1/4 cup of greens (maybe) and the same amount or less of mashed. Conversely the chicken pieces were enormous, so, thank you, but I'm a ratio girl! I need equal bites of my meat and my two sides. I wanted heaping mounds; like every southern meal I've ever had in my life."}, {"review_id": "QhaNVOp5M76SNi2qdGyW6Q", "user_id": "JoabgnzSSho62y13wjk8hw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/16/2018", "text": "After a really disappointing experience at another place, we made our way to Jacques-Imo's. Boy were we glad we did. When we arrived, there was an hour wait for a table. No worries, we grabbed a seat at the bar. Both bartenders were super friendly, and attentive, and made great drinks. The atmosphere was eclectic and fun, with lots to look at. We were seated right about an hour after we arrived. Our waitress was very nice, explained the specials to us, and took great care of us. My cousin ordered the Grouper with Crawfish Imperial on top, and absolutely loved it. We also ordered the Fried Grits at the recommendation of the very sweet couple next to us. They were to die for!! Oh my!! I also ordered the Boudin Balls, which were delicious and a bit spicy. The atmosphere in the dining area was SO loud!! It was a little difficult to hold a conversation. Overall, I would dine here again. The food was really great and the people working there were very friendly and attentive."}, {"review_id": "uk50mjs38jofVFlqpq9FKw", "user_id": "SJEgII7oL3fL-adohgriXA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/19/2018", "text": "Recently visited Jacques-Imo's for a late Valentines dinner. This restaurant came recommend by a friend who visits New Orleans frequently, so we were excited to try it out. The first thing I loved about Jacques-Imo's was its location. It's about a 15min Uber ride from Bourbon St., so it's not as touristy feeling as other dinner spots in New Orleans. They do not accept reservations, so we gave the hostess our name and we were told it would be about an hour wait. We decided to walk around and discovered a bar next door that was a great place to kill some time and have a drink. A little less than an hour later, we were seated at a great table in the front of the restaurant by the window. The atmosphere in this place is super fun! They play 90s alternative rock throughout the restaurant, which I was a fan of. I found myself singing a few times  throughout my meal. For apps, we started with the boudin balls and the alligator and shrimp cheesecake. I was a little nervous to order that dish, but considering I enjoy all three of things separately, I figured it couldn't be bad. I was super glad I did! It was unlike anything else I've ever had and so delicious. The boudin balls were filled with melted cheese and also a great start to the meal. For my entree I had the blackened redfish with mashed potatoes and red beans. My fish was cooked to perfection and very flavorful. For dessert, we split the vanilla creme brûlée, which was also amazing. We were definitely glad to check out a new spot in New Orleans, and I definitely recommend this place if you're looking for a more local dinner spot in the city."}, {"review_id": "eGThakswnEujcURAiZ4x7Q", "user_id": "VYCJ-vqEeAMQAX-cHTO0Qw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/4/2018", "text": "Came for the Godzilla soft shell crab which was out of season dang it!   Complimentary cornbread muffins were so tasty!  Had some gumbo, and mussels the mussels were on top of mashed potatoes and boy it was good!   Had some garlic snails that were soft, delicate and very good.  We had a great time here."}, {"review_id": "pmbBlkb2XgO3YynyI0cUtQ", "user_id": "5ITCh67SVNyaqxY4Veb0CA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/13/2017", "text": "Lots of things to say, I'll try to do it justice High reviews can sometimes disappoint. Uber driver was asked where she would go for dinner when we were near the airport and she said Jacques Imos Went on a Tuesday so we could do Rebirth afterwards.  Perfect choice for dinner and drinks/music.  It w as busy and there was a wait.   The owner told the hostess to give us a piece of cheesecake because we were waiting.   Very nice of him!!  Seems like an awesome guy all around.  He was very personable.  Ironically my girlfriend was like I wouldn't order that when she read about it a few weeks ago but it was delicious. They give you a. Spinach salad with a fried oyster and a corn muffin as appetizers.  Both were really good Fried green tomato with shrimp was was good. Grouper with shrimp, asparagus and pistachio was amazing.  The fish w as fresh and it was cooked perfectly.  The BBQ shrimp was also fantastic. Quirky, laid back, good service and delicious food in a fun environment.   Count me in again and again and again!!Thanks again for the cheesecake"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/jacques-imos-cafe-new-orleans?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]