[[{"review_id": "WOXkZrAjmaxz9ThuDvAQIQ", "user_id": "VEkf1XMww4QvkiEzb_DJxA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "How could you not give this place 5 stars?My bf and I decided to take a mini three day vacation up in Portland, ME to de-stress because 1) It isn't MA and 2) The food is to die for. Our first night here, we wanted to take a trip to Central Provisins and it was packed out the door (we saw Miyake on the way there), so we decided to bite the bullet and go there as an alternative and boy... We don't regret it.Make a reservation or if you're like us, you take whatever seats are available. We were able to sit by the bar, the chefs made absolutely no eye contact. They were so fucking focused that I was impressed. On top of that, we were able to see a young woman prepare a sea urchin for someone's dish. We were fascinated.My bf does not like fish and is allergic to all shellfish, but they were able to accommodate. They had like 2-3 non-seafood options, he had the duck dish, vegetable roll, and thin slices of beef (couldn't remember the exact names for his dishes). I got seafood IN an oyster shell laid on a bed of salt for decor, they drizzled magic onto that oyster. I got a piece of hotate (uncooked) and tasted amazing. I ordered the pork belly with oyster sauce... Amazing! I knew I was in a legit Japanese establishment because I could not read the menu for the life of me. Don't come here to overeat, but do come here if you appreciate high quality food in small portion. Definitely on the pricey side of the spectrum, but the flavors will KNOCK you out. They have also have a nice selection of alcohol and non-alcoholic beverages."}, {"review_id": "EiIsAiOBjgFkmi7sEca-gQ", "user_id": "EBW16o-gGF1mzGC1LgjF_w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "This place is a solid 4.5 stars. I have to deduct a 1/2 star because when my gf and i showed up to order the sushi/sashimi omakase, they weren't offering it that day. The kaiseki omakase is a solid alternative. We also opted for the sake pairing, which provides a \"shot\" of sake with every course. Our Kaiseki omakase ended up being 7 courses. 1st: uni with cheese - decadent and earthy and stick to your ribs feel. 2nd: assorted sashimi - very fresh pieces with a slightly poached lobster  that was the star3rd: silky egg custard with crab meat inside and a gingko nut, topped off with gold flakes. So silky it put baby food to shame4th: slightly torched arctic char and tako (octopus). The octopus was grilled to perfection with a nice pleasant texture. It wasn't chewy. The arctic char had a crispy skin and a raw piece of fish that was just a pleasant balance. 5th: tempura fried salt water eel - delectable. The tempure was airy and crispy.6th: seared duck breast - heavy and decadent and rich. The berries were there to cut the richness of the duck7th: assorted nigiri - chutoro for the winWe added an 8th of extra nigiri - they didn't have the otoro but we did get the foie gras nigiri which is solid. It really melts in your mouth.For dessert, we ordered the green tea tiramisu. The taste of the matcha powder had a hint of cannabis? but maybe because the green tea was so concentrated? I'm not sure. The server was attentive always refilling my water glass and she was knowledgeable of the sakes. Will def be back and perhaps next time sit at the counter."}, {"review_id": "CJyeAE4qQSXTOHGSsi_u_Q", "user_id": "I9xXZNLQtcYDlORRA0oMMg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "Best and freshest sushi ever we've ever tasted! The place is located in downtown Portland Maine on Fore St & Union. Bar none the best and so goes the higher than most prices BUT for the quality and sushi/sashimi grade well worth every $$$! Best way to get the best experience is to get the 4 course for $60 to start you will appreciate once you concluded the experience. The only sour grapes O had was missing out on ordering sashimi.The servers are super friendly and professional!I will keep this short but I would come back here again next time i'm in town for sure!"}, {"review_id": "ioc2IlY-kPYF3jP2TOTASA", "user_id": "M2zqfnBr2EUI28y8aVRGng", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/12/2018", "text": "For years I avoided going to Miyake because all I heard about it was the high, high prices.  Then one day I was looking at their website and discovered their lunch menu - much more affordable!My favorite splurge lunch in Portland is the bento box from Miyake.  An upscale, larger version of the ubiquitous Japanese lunch.  For around $21 you get a sampling of six different daily specials and a side of miso soup.  There is usually some sashimi, a salad, something hot, a roll, etc.  It really is a great value for the quality and quantity.  I eat a lot and it is more than enough for me (something I don't often say about Japanese food).  If you don't like the surprise aspect of the bento box (ummm...but who doesn't like surprises?!), they also have an a la carte lunch menu.After being lured in by their amazing lunches, I finally tried the chef's menu for dinner.  With how prices have been in Portland the last few years, the tasting menu at Miyake (4-courses for $58) no longer seems expensive.  At Miyake, the tasting menu is not completely blind, you are given a choice from a few selections and then are surprised by various amuse-bouche throughout the tasting.  Everything I had was wonderful, though a bit rich, and I would highly recommend it to those looking for a tasting menu in Portland.When all is said and done, I love Miyake best for lunch.  It is quiet, more affordable, friendly and delicious.  What more can you ask for?!"}, {"review_id": "6kZA9MGzwrd-8h9gmBXffQ", "user_id": "qUCHmPvFz3CLg_PtKpYg6Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/21/2018", "text": "Came with my husband for their lunch omakase. We were immediately greeted by their very friendly staffs. We sat at the bar and each ordered lunch omakase ($40 for ten nigiri) and gaze uni ($8). It was my husband's second time and my first time coming. I was very excited to try because I've heard only good things from my husband. My husband's and my pieces were slightly different (attached photos). My favorite ones were o-toro, scallop, lobster, and uni. The gaze uni was also very fresh.If I lived in Maine, I would probably come here a lot because nothing can beat the $40 for ten pieces deal for such high qualities. (or I may be just so used to omakase prices in New York). My husband and I were very satisfied."}, {"review_id": "-vHBrHZq1w_gvM4E25lnQw", "user_id": "VLi2FBoaoKnTeozHstt_3g", "rating": 1.0, "date": "7/30/2017", "text": "Reservation would guaranteed you a table.  Spacious restaurant.  Restaurant filled up quick.  Yaki Uni was cooked and tasted ok.  Raw uni taste better.  Braised Pork Belly and Fried Oyster were good and tender.My friends liked the Nigiri Omakase.  I did get sick after eating here.  I'm not sure how I feel about paying $120 and getting sick.  Service was good."}, {"review_id": "gM7Dgu3FVL49OzbE2QW37w", "user_id": "S-5Raa7CWOj2FJko6Ui57Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/10/2018", "text": "- huge food portions- friendly, knowledgeable staff- tasty food- high prices- classy/fancy/upscale restaurant- very clean- light music- not a lot of seating though- great drinks- huge menu- lots of courses- we didn't wait at all for a seat"}, {"review_id": "meq0MCm7HhUbobJUfD-B7g", "user_id": "o7phut4nClZ74kcXKsfVEQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/27/2018", "text": "If you would like fancier sushi in Portland, come here. The bento boxes are creative and delicious. They also have many vegetarian options. However, if you'd like a simple maki roll, I'd go somewhere else to save money. That being said, I still enjoyed my rolls. The raw fish was fresh and of excellent quality. I noticed that the rice tastes different than the other Japanese places in Portland- but that's okay! They probably use a different vinegar, but it's still just as good. Overall, I recommend this place for its creativity and zen atmosphere."}, {"review_id": "Zi9X_qa9WAc1azrxQWeqaQ", "user_id": "EHHRqS0UQvAYIWPndD1IqQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/19/2018", "text": "I love this restaurant. Whenever I visit Portland, I make sure I eat here. My activities in Portland revolve around what time my Miyake reservations are.I've gotten the Kaiseki multiple times. It's really good. However, I think the Kaiseki is a pretty set menu. What I mean by this is that the two times I've gotten it, I've gotten pretty much the same items. I don't know if that's just how it is, or if they actually switch items up, and I just happened to get pretty much the same meal both times by chance. It was still delicious though, and I will be going back, but will definitely be switching it up and trying their other offerings."}, {"review_id": "NaCJZnVBhzIOo6XcGIXKjw", "user_id": "G-3ygh4N7aF9VbGHzVKZ2A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/5/2018", "text": "I came to Miyake during my first visit ever to Portland and it was without a doubt, my favorite meal. Depending on how hungry you are and what you're looking to try, Miyake has a lot of options.With one other person, we opted to share the omakase nigiri ($40) and their 4 course set ($58). Both extremely reasonably priced for the quality and had generous portions. The omakase nigiri came out together on 1 plate which I didn't mind. Although the nigiri lacked a little in flavor compared to other omakases I've tried, the entire selection was extremely fresh. For the 4 courses, we chose the Marinated Salmon, Miso Marinated (4 slices) and Grilled Black Cod, Grilled Duck Breast and the Miyake Farm Pork. A little protein heavy, but I wanted to try a variety. Everything was well balanced and seasoned. The garnishes all paired very well too.We still had a little room so instead of choosing dessert, we decided to order a la carte and try their Super Toro Roll. It was simple but so good! It is a tuna and avocado roll topped with diced medium toro, truffle oil, rayu (chili oil) & scallions. If you like toro, give it a try. The truffle oil is not overpowering.Lastly, their service is great! Reservation recommended for dinner."}, {"review_id": "IlV2wZM9wrisM22o-ppZIw", "user_id": "ZTtixLojZDLBJaNBKrShSQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/26/2018", "text": "It's our third time to come here. The first time is after OYa, we were pretty satisfied with the omakase considering the price, especially we heard sushi Chef had his own farm in Maine, so was expecting the ingredients are from his farm, be freshed and organic.The second time's omakase had the same dishes to the first time, which will probably be five month later, I am surprised that nothing has changed, as I was expecting to eat fresh dishes basing on the season, which is also the main purpose of omakase.The third time is barely tolerant. Dish is same again, only with lower quality than before. Had one picec of tofu dish and a tofu fish soup, was curious why chef add the tofu ingredients, and checked with waitress, which got a super rude answer - \"No\". (My question is if tofu is house made). Had a hair on one of my dish, super disgusting here.No chatting with waitress, since she is super busy to handle her tables, couldn't find her when you needed. Considering the advanced reservation and the price of food, I feel the customers a better attention. We had four people dine in for omakase, however, the waitress only talk the name and ingredients to my husband when she was delivering the food. WTF?"}, {"review_id": "88mTlaZc_Bj_2vhb6m38GQ", "user_id": "6ZYTyy4FNDQm8_h_zGg3PQ", "rating": 2.0, "date": "1/16/2018", "text": "My friend and I decided to try Pie Man Miyake tonight. We were ravenous after a lousy yoga class and after scanning the small menu, we realized we had not come to the right place. My friend is a fairly flexible vegan, and I have recently cut back my meat intake after a bad bout with food poisoning. The menu unfortunately had very few vegetarian/vegan options. The menu only offers two vegetarian ramen dishes, two salads, non-vegan tofu buns or $7 edamame. There was one pork-based special. I tend to eat gluten free, and was disappointed there was not a vegetarian or seafood rice bowl (the menu offers a beef or pork rice bowl, with no option for substitutions). We both settled on small dishes after facing the reality of our poor dinner choice. I ordered a tuna roll and a bowl of 'Shojin' broth, a vegetarian seaweed and shiitake mushroom based broth. It was very flavorful and healing, but seemed a little expensive priced at $6 for a cup of broth. The tuna roll was decent, but very clearly made by pretentious white people attempting Japanese fusion. I liked the edition of sliced almonds on top (a generous amount), however, the quality of tuna was sub par and the roll was missing avocado, which the menu promised. I was impressed with the restaurant's gluten-free soy sauce, as most soy sauce is wheat based. Still hungry, I succumbed and ordered some shrimp and ginger gyoza. While it was flavorful, the dumplings were also very underwhelming. I couldn't taste even a hint of ginger. They were pan fried, and I do usually go for steamed 'shumai', but Pei Man doesn't seem to offer anything but fried. The service was good-nothing spectacular but no mishaps. I much enjoyed the ambiance; with a well-stocked bar and hip, low-key vibe the restaurant maintains a 'chill' social atmosphere. My friend and I sat drinking green tea for a while after the meal had ended. Pei Man doesn't serve dessert, so we found ourselves roaming the grocery store for snacks late on a Tuesday night, still hungry after our expensive and unfulfilling meal. This restaurant is anti-climactic and overpriced. It caters mostly to meat eaters or people who are interested in gorging themselves with lots of noodles. I don't think I'll be going back. If you're looking to spend a bunch of money surrounded by white hipsters making sushi, sure, give it a try. Otherwise check out one of the many other restaurants Portland has to offer (for Asian fusion, I recommend the Green Elephant)."}, {"review_id": "GxFo26cc25zqhsTaMeUOaQ", "user_id": "o11cXaVmCbJH8U-4uyYINg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/12/2018", "text": "This place is trying hard, but the food quality is just not there.Atmosphere: great restaurant setting, simple decor, view of the kitchen. Service: attentive, prompt. Food: disappointment. Ordered $60 four course option. I appreciate what the restaurant is trying to do for the Japanese cuisine by creating pre-fix course menu options. Everything on the menu sounded amazing and unique. Unfortunately, the taste didn't live up to expectations. The lobster dish (1st course) was overly salty with too much mayo seasoning; the taste of mayo was so strong that you could barely notice the seafood. Uni was delightful (prob my favorite), but it's not much of culinary achievement, the presentation was beautiful. The sword fish seemed overcooked (dried and fatty tasting), with too much sauce (yet again). The final dish - ceviche roll was delightful, but nothing to rave about. Overall, the idea behind the dishes is superb, but they all need work. Big part of the Japanese dishes is texture and freshness. In this case, many of the courses seemed overpowered with salt or simple sauce."}, {"review_id": "1AOb8DLL76l7y6BVYbqd_Q", "user_id": "-ddvpvGRpmQvPqVfwEidcw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/11/2018", "text": "This is a highly recommended restaurant in Portland, ME. I tried 5 courses and all of them were the best to have. Service was great. Nice decoration. But a little pricey."}, {"review_id": "WnPJoBo0CJM0qVPzZyKrNA", "user_id": "56MFcv8WBHD4sbeUWhhQ9Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/22/2017", "text": "One the best meals I had in Portland. I don't eat sushi but my partners does, said it was the best sushi ever!I had the miso salad, this was so much more than the basic lettuce and dressing. It's was artfully crafted and delicious. I next ordered the swordfish, it was melt in you mouth and out of this world fabulous. My last dish was the pork something that was just terrible, it was slices of grisly pork.  I returned it, but I was so completely satisfied that I didn't need anything else."}, {"review_id": "2_jsmgQrkifufh-Pv9ywUg", "user_id": "iAMOkgtgK00jQ-Rabc_BoA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/23/2017", "text": "If you thought you've had good sushi, think again. Miyake has proven me wrong. I knew nothing about good sushi before coming here. I followed everyone's advice and got the omakase split with my boyfriend. Both of us had an exceptional experience. I absolutely hated uni before this as I had tried it twice and it tasted like pee (not exaggerating). The uni I had here was AH-MAZING. That just shows how fresh and authentic their food is. You don't get to bump into that type of uni everyday. This was my first time having omakase and based on other reviews, Miyake's omakase is relatively cheaper than all other omakses in NY. Please do yourself a favor and head over to Miyake!!"}, {"review_id": "sSxBg4qG_RoT_dYP9u4eOg", "user_id": "T5KBc5QbwZ-Oj9ApE4vZJA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "7/22/2017", "text": "O...M...K...Omakase!  Do it!!Long bookmarked before I ever actually intended to come to Maine, I convinced Eric R. that I deserved sushi.  I saw Miyake is now open on Sundays, and since we had too much food Saturday on a foodie tour and were going to be drinking too much beer on a brewery tour on Monday, Sunday was the day he said we could go.  I did not make reservations because we kept taking afternoon naps which is really unlike me, so I did not have a clue when we would be going to dinner.We walked in around 8:00 and the restaurant closed at 8:30.  Our server told us that the most popular way to eat was the 4 menu tasting for $58, which is a great deal.  The entire menu is also a la carte, but I asked her about the $75 omakase.  She gave me a sampling of what was served that night and everything sounded amazing, so I asked if the restaurant allowed omakase for one person in a party, and she said yes!I got the sparkling yuzu lemonade as my beverage which was fantastic!  Eric R. got hot green tea.  He ordered a l a carte and the server spaced our our dishes so we could always have food and could share.  Eric R. got seaweed salad, demi chirashi (tuna, salmon, salmon belly, lobster, hamachi, amberjack, tamago, snapper, masago, shiitake, maybe another fish for $20-great deal), and the super toro roll (had the essence of truffle). His dishes were delicious as I tried everything.My omakase:Course 1: Yaki Uni: Torched sea urchin with mascarpone and enoki mushroom.  This was rich, decadent, and oishi.  I normally end my meals with uni as dessert so let's just say this was a big dessert first (the uni was on a tray - no measly portion here!)Course 2: Assorted sashimi. This included lobster, amberjack, fatty salmon, seabass, yellowtail, tuna, snapper, and mackerel.  Everything was divine, especially the mackerel and salmon belly.Course 3: Crab chawanmushi with gold leaf.  First of all, this will probably be my one and only time eating gold leaf on chawanmushi...so there's that.  The ginkgo nut was fresh!Course 4: House-smoked arctic char seared skin side down with yuzu gel and pickled mustard seed.  This was interesting. I liked the crispy skin and yuzu gel!Course 5: Maine whelk with anchovy butter.  This was also sauteed with yellow pepper.  I have rarely eaten whelk and it was definitely unique.  The presentation was beautiful in its own shell.Course 6: Seared duck breast with sansho balsamic, yuzu kosho, and caramelized zucchini and potato.  This dish was so delicious! The duck was tender and cooked to perfection, and the vegetables were incredibly tasty rather than an afterthought.Course 7: Baby snapper nigiri lightly torched.  This was a refreshing bite from the chef.Course 8: Unadon with Maine eel.  This was a fun dish, with flavorful local eel on rice with ginger pickle.I thought the yuzu lemonade was so good I also got a refill!  Memorable moment: Eric R. asked the server was zuke is and we both answered \"marinated\" at the same time.  She was impressed and told me I should work here.  I also got a job offer from Koiso in Maui back in 2013 (see my review) so maybe I worked in a sushi bar in my past life.Honestly, the price is right and the food is amazing.  I would not pass up the opportunity to eat here if you ever go to Portland."}, {"review_id": "W0SxPjSy8LbAnR_iZ3xC1A", "user_id": "KYLAAOOyn-ZIMAbam3Jc7Q", "rating": 1.0, "date": "2/18/2018", "text": "I went there with my wife on a Sunday at 6 pm and they had 8 empty seats at the bar. The regular seats were half full at best and we walked in and sat at two bar seats. A very rude woman came over and asked if we had a reservation; we said no and she told us we could come back a week later if we wanted a meal. The restaurant was 90% empty so maybe don't be so rude. My recommendation is to stick with places such as Eventide, Central Provisions, Street and Company, Fore Street, Blyth & Borrows where they respect their customers."}, {"review_id": "b4n0hi95lbcS1JEmawr3Tw", "user_id": "QYboRPBsKboR8efmdSM4YA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/18/2018", "text": "My husband and I reserved a spot for my 30th birthday. It was absolutely a one of a kind experience. We decided to try the four course option and enjoyed the Tuna Three Ways which was absolutely amazing. The black cod, and flounder were also great paired with some Sake. My husband had the duck and sea urchin which he enjoyed. I was not a fan of the urchin but was told if you enjoy oysters you will likely enjoy it. Finished with a delicious creme brûlée.  The atmosphere is wonderful and service is superb. All of the wait staff were knowledgeable and pleasant."}, {"review_id": "isKOm3ArDN15GXBO07_S4Q", "user_id": "cluFguC2WV3dblSQ6WeEXQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/30/2017", "text": "I've been scouring Yelp for a great sushi place to go tonight with my husband and decided Miyake would be \"the one\". I started by calling and asking for a reservation just to ensure we didn't have to wait out in sub-zero weather for a table. The lady who answered was extremely polite and helpful with scheduling us a great spot at the sushi bar. When we arrived, we were instantly seated. The place is very clean and everyone is very polite. We went with the Omakase and it was not disappointed AT all. So many courses that were all bursting in flavor and beauty! In fact, we became so engaged with the food and watching the chefs prepare everything that I forgot to take pictures of it all. The waitress was so knowledgeable and amazing. She answered EVERY question we had to include where the food was sourced from. Amazing service. If you are looking for an experience, come here! I would advise you to sit at the counter and watch as the magic is created. It is such an amazing and fun experience.  I'd give this place 7 stars if I could!!!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/miyake-portland?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]