[[{"review_id": "PDSTtxWgT9xfiv8WKPvgIw", "user_id": "UdR_LY_X02e0hikUdVHK0A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "This is the winning restaurant from both Portland trips in the last 2 years (OK, maybe it ties with Eventide).  We have gotten lucky both times to be able to grab a seat at the bar and not wait.  The space is very small and cozy, so waits could build quickly during peak times.  We ordered several items to share while we watch the chefs cook in front of us in the open kitchen.  It's fun to see what's being made.  This past time around I found that there is a bar downstairs.  How did I not come down here the last visit?  They have a happy hour with drink specials.  Their bloody mary and their mimosa are SO good.  We also shared some frites while we drank.  I cannot wait to return here!"}, {"review_id": "oScnjduMqfEQWJv-jNENwg", "user_id": "yP2Yyjtzjk0NffjVZMaJwQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/19/2018", "text": "A solid 4.5 because every dish I've tasted is just full of flavor and fantastic, plus I adore the cozy atmosphere. I came here once in October as a party of 2 just looking for a drink and apps on a Tuesday evening. We put our name on the list upstairs and headed straight downstairs and grabbed a bar seat and ended up staying there even though we got a call after 20 minutes that a table was ready. We had the tuna, bread, and cauliflower. (It's hard to imagine how amazing the bread dish is, but I can't recommend it highly enough). Everything was so flavorful, we were wiping the plates clean. The second time I came here in December on a Friday night at 7:30pm and walked in surprised to get a 2-person table upstairs right away. I guess that's winter traffic for you, but I was shocked. We ordered one dozen Maine oysters, frites, caramelized goat cheese, and the bone marrow toast. Again, everything was incredibly tasty. I get the sense most things you order here will be a knockout."}, {"review_id": "YVJxXKpVnH8bcaGkkmt1Mg", "user_id": "1rN86H6kZk8Vmu4B2U748w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "Several years ago I spoke with two of my favorite chefs up in Downeast Maine asking them where they were going to be eating in Portland that weekend. They said the must-see place in Portland was Central Provisions.It took about a year until I finally made it up there, and I have never been disappointed after shy of a dozen visits. Their menu changes daily, and they make each and every dish to order. There have been several times (as recently as two days ago) where I have said \"this is the best dish I've ever eaten\" only to come back a few months later and get one-upped."}, {"review_id": "xxtGwkRmLpI49Kt0Z_tjxg", "user_id": "3WVLDJ6u578iC5E6rO4eZw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/9/2018", "text": "Son of a bitch, spicy beef salad. Son of a bitch, spicy beef salad. Son of a bitch, spicy beef salad. Son of a bitch, spicy beef salad. Son of a bitch, spicy beef salad. Son of a bitch, spicy beef salad. Son of a bitch, spicy beef salad. Son of a bitch, spicy beef salad. Son of a bitch, spicy beef salad. Son of a bitch, spicy beef salad. Son of a bitch, spicy beef salad. Never had anything quite like that before. Me and the lady and the boss went here and shared a bunch of small plates. We were all like whaaaaaaaaaaat when we tasted the spicy beef salad.Son of a bitch, spicy beef salad."}, {"review_id": "-WpqTwEjXk7aaDvMI0XjJg", "user_id": "XL47E_g_k7TkB2fdTIFQgw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "I LIVE FOR TAPAS and cozy places! Everything foie gras. That's all I have to say. I could've done without the fries which were presented like pier fries. Nothing special about them but that doesn't mean I didn't love everything about this place. My mother and I ordered 5 different dishes but we had to bring the hash home because we were so full. The plates are very rich in flavor and comforting, so don't over order. Pick a couple dishes and order more if you're still hungry. Didn't get a chance to try the desserts, but the table next to us ordered the key lime tart and they loved it!"}, {"review_id": "s8AJAGVBjUv03B8JdEeWkQ", "user_id": "2qKoGWD1LCve6HnxStUgNA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/28/2018", "text": "As a tourist of Portland, I kept hearing about trying Central Provisions. It definitely did not disappoint my high expectations. We ordered some tapas to share:Spicy beef salad: my husband has been talking about this dish since we left the restaurant last night! He said he would just be okay with eating 3 portions of this dish. It was thin strips of raw beef with cilantro, peanuts, sriracha, and fried shallots. It was bursting with flavor that tasted like a combination of korean food and sushi!Maine crab salad: shredded crab, flavored with miso and lemon, on top of a brown butter pancake. When you first bite into it, you get a burst of crab flavor...then the butter pancake melts in your mouth. Roasted Brussel Sprouts: with honey and balsamic flavoring topped with pomegranate seeds. The sprouts on top were very honey-flavored, and the bottom was drenched in the balsamic. Pretty standard but the special flavors make it unique. Suckling Pig: a condensed cube of pig placed on top of a sauce. My husband described the sauce as wine-flavored apple sauce. Take a \"nucleus bite\" of the crispy pig top, light and moist inside, and cover it with the sauce. The reason for a four-star review was because all of the dishes were slightly salty. The restaurant was a little smaller, but that seems to be the norm in Portland."}, {"review_id": "AS0o7oAaEEIDvAdlSdru4Q", "user_id": "8Hpq8GWTQINliD76ttYohw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/20/2017", "text": "Like many, I had heard amazing things about Central Provisions, and it has been on my list of restaurants to try for quite some time. Recently, a couple of friends and I decided to try it out for some drinks and snacks. Central Provisions has two entrances, the upstairs entrance and the downstairs entrance. The downstairs entrance brings you to a quaint bar with some tables at the edges of the restaurant. We happened to go to the downstairs bar, and we were greeted by the bartender promptly. Looking at the drink menu, Central Provisions has a lot to offer. There were various wines, beers, and cocktails to choose from. The cocktails were original, which made it hard to decide which one to choose. I ended up getting the Negroni, which ended up being awesome. My friends and I passed around our drinks and the Jalisco Pear was definitely a favorite as well.We ended up getting some snacks to munch on as well. I had heard amazing things about their bread and butter, so we ordered that along with some fries and brussel sprouts. The bread and butter changes daily, but the one that we got was really good and was served with toasted sourdough. The fries were thin and crispy, and they were served with ketchup and a garlic aioli which was great. However, this is where our experience fell a little short. We had our two appetizers for about 30 minutes and we had finished our drinks, yet we still hadn't received our brussel sprouts. We were ready to move on with our night, and the waiter gave us our check with the brussel sprouts on it. After telling the bartender that we never received the brussel sprouts, he was going to take them off our bill, when a waitress brought over our brussel sprouts. This was 40 minutes after receiving our other two apps. I figure that this probably isn't the norm for Central Provisions, but the food and drinks were great. I definitely want to come back and try more of the food and drinks!"}, {"review_id": "186-E95MYTvYK9jThANfuQ", "user_id": "4hHcOCUPOcNSxFesCKjMGw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/28/2017", "text": "This is what you imagine when you hear about the Portland food scene.  A great dinner in a cozy setting with fresh food. What more could you want?Spicy beef, cauliflower, and roasted beets were all great. Tuna was good. Underwhelmed by roasted carrots which tasted mostly of cumin. The goat curry was very disappointing. It was rich but flat and left unfinished."}, {"review_id": "NmSrl_Key4oAkMnjItl9lw", "user_id": "f0vWA901ptlXDQF0lQIVjA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "We loved sitting facing the open kitchen. The food was great and we saw each of our dishes being made! We had a great server who was so attentive he overheard me mentioning my boyfriend's birthday and brought a candle with dessert which was so nice. Awesome food. Good atmosphere. BUT stop by at 5:30 to put your name on the list as they don't take reservations. We walked around and ate at 7:15."}, {"review_id": "Xogi4rDJsJBpSmQaWA9r7A", "user_id": "3q3kDbgp9WRxsDByep35wg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/27/2017", "text": "I have to admit I had my doubts about this place but I am so happy to be proven wrong. We walked in and the hostess took us to our seats; two teeny tiny spots at the bar. I thought it was pretty odd to be sat at the bar by a hostess. I quickly realized it was a bar in front of me it was the kitchen. I was sitting right in front of the app station. I definitely recommend if it's your first time here, to sit at the bar area and order item by item as you see things being made that attract your eye. Our waitress was super helpful and sweet. She explained that the items on the menu are small tapas size portions and that they normally recommend 2 items per person. She also let us know that the kitchen will be sending items out as they're ready and that they recommend eating family style so no one is left waiting. We ordered the croquettes, bacon burger, and Baja fish sandwich. The croquettes were actually fish croquettes, but served with a citrus aioli  that really cut the fishy taste. The Baja fish sandwich was great in flavor but I felt the bread was too big compared to the portion of fish given. I forgave this because the bread was delicious. We also ordered a key lime dessert which was recommended. It was super sweet and topped with a whipped cream. The whipped cream was a little bland I think to balance the sweetness, but I got a little too much in one bite and it wasn't very pleasant. We got full pretty quickly, but if I'm ever back in town I would definitely stop by again."}, {"review_id": "Dso-ABNVOc-rovpJQwH0KA", "user_id": "3_7yIXTK-0SP9rcjTdZDSA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/21/2018", "text": "I consider myself lucky to be a local. And lucky enough to know that if the line is out the door at Central Provisions, I can come back another day to get my fix. I can promise you one thing when you come here--you will have to wait. They open at 5pm, and people will be lined up waiting outside the door. They have a bar downstairs that you can drink at (and order at) instead of waiting for a table. The hostess will take your cell number, and you'll be able to get a text when your table is ready. This means you can go drink some local beer at some cool bars on Fore Street or Wharf Street. That being said, Central Provisions is not very conducive to having a large party. The menu continually changes--I believe every 2 weeks. That in itself is impressive given the creativity in all of the dishes. They are (mostly) small dishes that are designed to share. Your plates will arrive as they are ready. This means there is this sense of mystery as to what might come next. I don't know about you, but that's pretty exciting to me. When you're reading the menu, don't be afraid to ask your amazing server questions. They know all of the dishes and ingredients listed on the menu. While you might think your frites will look like regular potatoes, the master chefs see it differently. We started our meal with the winter citrus salad. It was light and refreshing and a perfect way to start our meal. Then came the bone marrow toast. I am not entirely sure what the mixture was on this. It tasted sweet but also crisp due to the toasted bread. The brussel sprouts came next. They were topped with pomegranate and some type of cheese. The mixture of perfectly cooked brussels and balsamic was fabulous. The best dish of the night came next, the fried cauliflower. This was chickpeas, fried cauliflower, feta and mint. If it's on the menu, you must get this! Lastly, we rounded it out with the Bo SSam. This was a special for the evening. It was a LARGE plate that consisted of: pork shoulder, pickled onions, radish, carrots and 3 steamed buns. Oh and some ridiculously spicy sauce. You make your own pork bun with all of those ingredients. It was so good, but by this point in the meal, we were very full. Coming to central provisions is an investment in money, time and willingness to be adventurous. You will not be let down!"}, {"review_id": "CZ7dIDAAf5kJyetcmasWog", "user_id": "tNq35k92WAkSLSqeof03hg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/27/2017", "text": "I have enjoyed tapas [small plates] spots but had never been blown away by one until I ate at Central Provisions. My friend told me everything was good here and I can confirm that assessment. I ordered the Redonda Iglesias Serrano Jamon as my appetizer. It was very similar to the Spanish tapas, iberico ham. A more known item it was like is prosciutto. The Jamon was thinly sliced and not too salty. I ate it with bread and the Peru Peru (chili peppers). The peppers complemented the Jamon perfectly. By themselves, I did not really care for them. For my entrée, I ate a fish sandwich. The meat was hake fish, which is in the same family as cod and haddock. It was ridiculously tender and the pieces of fish fell apart easily like flakes. The aioli sauce in the sandwich was also delicious. I highly recommend the Jamon and the fish sandwich.If you are visiting and planning a trip to Portland and looking for recommendations, feel free to message me for my itinerary. You can also find the electronic copy through the link my profile."}, {"review_id": "cnRjCByhOSyBqOVUwNQB9w", "user_id": "Ad8gbzerN_nWwMuxxJmFbQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/23/2018", "text": "We have been wanting to try this place for a while, but they don't take reservations, so be sure to plan and get there early to ensure a quick table and no wait. It was well worth the wait. Some of the best tapas around. And they have some amazing cocktails too!"}, {"review_id": "MihMgGvNvi9NoIX8178z5g", "user_id": "Var2Ntm5KMdmE3d1WHY0Ww", "rating": 1.0, "date": "8/17/2017", "text": "Really disappointed in this place and can't really understand all the great reviews. My boyfriend and I had never been to Portland before and wanted to go to the best bar in town and this was allegedly the one. The blonde girl that was checking ID's outside was snarky and told us that seating was limited and that you have to seat yourself if you can find a seat. Needless to say my boyfriend and I were standing the whole time. After about an hour of standing some girl walks in just as someone left their seat and just snatched it up just like that. She got a seat within two minutes of being in the building meanwhile myself and many other consumers were left standing forever. When the waiter finally took my order I had to wait almost 20 minutes for my drink which was watered down and flavorless. I also asked him for drink recommendations and he basically dismissed me saying only that it's a \"prohibition style bar\". Don't exactly know what that's supposed to mean. Are you a bar or not? There is no reason that you shouldn't have staple drinks. The wait for the dessert I ordered was even longer not to mention it wasn't even that great. I ordered the ice cream and peaches which the icecream was half melted by the time it arrived to me which yes I had to eat standing because still there was not a single place to sit and eat and enjoy my food. Come here if you want to stand around, be neglected by the staff, and have mediocre and overpriced drinks. I will not ever come back here. Try Mash Tun next door. The staff, food, and drinks are a million times better. I'm huge on customer service and Central Provisions was horrendously disappointing. I would have given more stars despite the whatever food and bad drink but the service was just absolutely atrocious."}, {"review_id": "qvz7ueUFG7woPLvEhvvVqQ", "user_id": "IUdoFHIy_t-r5cvH2myX1w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/2/2017", "text": "Okay, I've been here twice and both times were different experiences. The first time I came for drinks at the bar downstairs because the restaurant wasn't open yet.  I really liked the drinks and the bar service. The drinks were well crafted and tasty. We snacked on bread and butter and truly enjoyed this small little bar. Came another time to the restaurant to try the food since I heard so many good things. The waitress informed us it was tapas and family style way of eating and sharing. She recommended to order a few plates a person. We did but the portions to me were waaay to small to share. Don't get me wrong the food was delicious but if you're going to encourage sharing then I think the food should be larger than the size of a snickers bar. It was a good experience but lk my friend said, it felt more lk a tasting than a dinner. I recommend this place for drinks but I would not come with my appetite."}, {"review_id": "yTLL3YpVqNzi8gGGeqzo5Q", "user_id": "cbf0Nl5p-rzvpCPu0594gA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "8/19/2017", "text": "Excellent food and service.  Had brunch...which they serve Sundays and Mondays from 11-2.The spicy raw beef salad was awesome,  perfect amount of heat and peanuts for a nice crunch.  The soup of the day was a melon gazpacho that was delicious.  The Baja fish sandwich was solid. Can't wait to go back!"}, {"review_id": "YeahRuB8rQFuuuJsVEhQHA", "user_id": "LgImMKpV06pYJrHwmr1JTA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/9/2018", "text": "We cannot say enough about this place!  We are foodies that have been all over the world and have been fortunate to have eaten at many Michelin starred restaurants, this place is at the top of our list!  Please go to Central Provisions when in Portland.  I can assure you that you will not be disappointed.  Incredible meal, service, ambiance....love this place!  Friendly and knowledgeable staff and a relaxed setting. Perfection!!!!!"}, {"review_id": "U3XET0ynVjKkl6dUlkoXYQ", "user_id": "lnBY0zXSWG8q8-JZLTI46Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/11/2017", "text": "Central Provisions is one of those places i've wanted to go for a long, long time.  Recently, a friend and I found ourselves out of work for the day on a random Tuesday at noon and realized it was time. Even though it was in the middle of a weekday, the place was buzzing and we waited for about 20 minutes for a table, ended up sitting at the bar, which was fine since it enabled me to stare at the chefs while they worked.We arrived hungry and I was skeptical that there would be enough food.  The new \"small plate\" movement is awesome for sampling a lot of different things, but not always great for leaving full.We orderedFrench fries- amazing, would go back just for the friesSwedish meatballs and toast points- tasty and fillingThe cheeseburger- VERY good.  I rarely order cheeseburgers, this one was fantastic!Carmelized cheese and pears- ExcellentBone marrow toast- Yikes!  Quite good, rich and fillingWhile this was small plate service, I found the servings pretty generous.  Everything we ordered was outstanding!  I've already started planning what to order next time, starting with a double order of french fries!"}, {"review_id": "DpBeppKDF0Bl6tp9WspJ4g", "user_id": "LnBj1xFRGIoRqSf5TCJfXw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "7/14/2017", "text": "Thanks to all the Yelpers for the great reviews of Central Provisions because that's what lead us here. We came in around 1:30pm after a trolley ride. We had some time to kill before our boat tour so we were looking for some drinks and a bite to eat. As previously mentioned, I had Central Provisions bookmarked because of the great things I read about the spot.Even though we came in on a Wednesday afternoon the bar area was packed!!!! Which to me is a great sign because that means people like this place and they must be serving up something good. So we were able to grab 2 seats at the bar after a couple left. We took a look at the menu and decided on our drinks. The guys behind the bar were super friendly and attentive even though they were getting ready to close at 2pm. For food we ordered the croquettes and the fried cauliflower. Both the croquettes and cauliflower were full of flavor and delicious! While sitting at the bar they received a delivery of fresh produce which seemed to be coming from a local farm( another good sign). Overall, we had a great experience here and would totally recommend it to others. Since we only came during the lunch menu, I would definitely return to check out their dinner menu since lunch was so good."}, {"review_id": "EaDH-dKbP9uNG1iaQfhaJA", "user_id": "aAuhTFuhZWdy_P7_RVjxDQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "10/1/2017", "text": "3.5 stars but rounding up to 4 because the carrots are like heaven in your mouth.Truth be told I'm disappointed in the food here. Maybe I ordered the wrong stuff? Anyways, service is prompt and I love how the open kitchen lets you see how the food is made.Raw beef salad 3/5 -- WAYYY TOO SALTY!! I could barely finish it. I seriously wanted to water it down. The flavors were good but it was just so disgustingly salty, the dish was ruinedSmoked carrots with pistachios and house made goat cheese 6/5 -- GET THIS DISH! Literally the best carrots I will ever had in my life. The pistachio and goat cheese pair so well with the carrots. Damn I wish I could make my veggies taste this go and I'd be willing to become vegetarian!Suckling pig -- 3/5 yes the meat was nice and tender but the flavors fell flat. Meat itself was plain and the fat didn't really enhance the umami. The weird sauce it sits in is kinda gross at first then tastes good when you eat it with the meat. I found the dish to be disappointing.This place is pretty hit or miss depending on what you order. Next time I'll try other dishes!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/central-provisions-portland?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]