[[{"review_id": "z2spQlJBw0Oc2YNVtIEuuw", "user_id": "HqMWEEsYIXoFhdDIX1NtrA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "My husband planned an incredible birthday weekend for me, filled with good seafood in Portland, ME.  It's hard to go wrong in this town because everything is so food-esque and chef-y but Street and Co. is definitely the best.  It's a good experience, with a lively atmosphere, open kitchen, friendly service. Prices are also decent for the portion of food you get... Of course we got the famed lobster diavolo ($60), and honestly it says it feeds two but you could probably fee 3 or 4. We're pigs so the server said we had \"above average consumption\" **sheepish** but honestly, all the elements were very tasty so it's hard to put down. You get: - A full lobster, which was fresh and well done. They crack some of it for you but you still have to do some work. The server was great about refilling our bowl for shells, etc. -Linguine pasta in a yummy spicy tomato sauce, arribata style -Tons and tons of fresh clams, mussels (meaty!), and calamari (the worst and the least)A filling, delicious meal. We also tried some of the \"tastes\" which were craft little bites, creatively done. Among them, a cooked tuna dolma (stuffed grape leaf) with dirty rice - my fave. Halibut salad stuffed in a red piqullo pepper, and the Arctic Char type of deviled egg. Which was actually yummy considering I don't love deviled eggs. For drinks, my hubby had a local beer, and two cocktails - 1) the cocchi which was a bubbly processco type of refreshing cocktail, and 2) the Night Out which was a boozy martini type drink with savignon blanc. This was a pretty boozy cocktail. For dessert, we shared a light, airy Greek Yogurt Cake. It came with citrus notes, and pistachio. It's not everyone's cup of tea- quite light and perhaps tarte but I don't like really sweet desserts so it was perfect for me. They put a nice candle on it for me since it was my birthday and gave plenty of well wishes along the way. Food came out quickly; we had an 830 res and were seated nearly right away. The restaurant was clearing out by the time we left."}, {"review_id": "I0WDQBjZe4WOu3tHsGiW8g", "user_id": "SByzMrF0wB-Gwy2hPv-V2A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/23/2018", "text": "This place definitely lives up to its reputation. It's a bit small but in a cozy way rather than an overstuffed/ cramped way. The ambiance was rustic romantic - lots of exposed wood, hanging plants, old mirrors, etc. I definitely it as recommend a great date spot. For food, we had a selection of oysters which were all fantastic as well as a seared white fish in butter sauce (can't remember which one) and the special Halibut they were serving that night. All of it was amazing! I usually don't even like Halibut, but it was the best fish I've probably ever tasted and my boyfriend agreed. The staff was super friendly and knowledgeable about the menu - our waiter made some great recommendations. We loved it here and would recommend to anyone who has the time to wait or doesn't mind eating at 5:30 pm which was the only reservation we could find even a month ahead. :)"}, {"review_id": "gjfFvUKTC3x07OXuwLjZDA", "user_id": "598B3LAUT-QuYiCIkG7kXQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "I had the opportunity to dine here while on a business trip this week. The grilled octopus was out standing, the best I have ever had.  The spicy swordfish dolmas were packed with flavor.  The service was impeccable and extremely fast given the time of night. The kitchen is a clean impressive operation. They are efficient and the food is as beautiful as it is tasty. Thanks folk. For an after dinner liquid snack stop by Mash Tun  next door.   For a wonderful atmosphere and craft beer selection."}, {"review_id": "enuI9IU0eiCoY4aW1bi6rQ", "user_id": "uYs7avizAnQQrwsw4hre2w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/6/2018", "text": "Note: a huge portion of this 5 star review is due to the heavy garlic usage in both dishes we had - I am garlic obsessed and would not recommend Street & Co. to anyone that is sensitive or has an aversion to garlic.After reading rave Yelp reviews of the Lobster Diavolo, I knew that I had to come here for dinner. The stars aligned and when we walked in, two seats opened up at the bar and we were able to sit right down! The ambiance in the bar/lounge area is a bit different than the rest of the restaurant and I'd actually recommend the bar over the dining room if possible. The rest of the restaurant was crowded and the lighting was much brighter - whereas in the bar area, it felt much cozier. FOOD: We ordered the Mussels Provencal to start which were delicious. Big, juicy mussels with a garlicky broth - for $13.95 it was a huge portion that actually left us more full than anticipated. For our main course, we split the Lobster Diavolo which was unreal. The pictures are deceptive - my husband and I pride ourselves on being able to eat a lot (seafood in particular) and we were unable to finish this dish. Two lobster tails, clams, mussels, and calamari all on top of a huge serving of pasta. Again, very garlicky but oh so delicious. Perhaps if we hadn't started with a huge appetizer of mussels, we'd have been able to eat more of it. All in all, our experience here was fantastic. The amount of seafood you get for the price is absolutely unheard of in Boston. The value and garlic made it a 5 star win for me and I'll most definitely be trying to come back when I'm in Portland again!"}, {"review_id": "3xWm-6yyA5HGnAB5D9VIhQ", "user_id": "qUCHmPvFz3CLg_PtKpYg6Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/31/2018", "text": "Lobster Diavolo!! I had this place bookmarked before my trip to Maine. After reading some reviews, I knew I had to go here to try their lobster diavolo pasta for two. We made a reservation for Monday dinner. The ambiance is upscale casual, and I really loved the cute decors that added to the cozy interior. Even the complimentary bread was very warm and chewy that I almost filled myself up with too much bread. When our food and drinks came out, I was initially surprised with their generous portion. The food came out relatively fast, and the service was excellent. Because of the season, the lobsters had hard shell as opposed to soft shell; so we had hard time trying to break open the shell. The waiter took the lobster inside and had it hammered it for us. Will revisit when we go to Maine."}, {"review_id": "Ip76C1vHrpo9NgznFQNxFA", "user_id": "nu4NZLFnJ57TIIwSsXd33w", "rating": 3.0, "date": "12/26/2017", "text": "I've been looking for some nicer restaurants to take my wife to when visiting my family and it fell between Street & Co and Eventide. Street & Co fell short of expectations.The restaurant is more upscale casual. Tables are very close together. The food skewed great to average. I loved our muscles. Best I've ever had. Great portion. Generous for 2, adequate for 3, lean for 4. The entrees were okay.The seafood was cooked well but it was not prepared well. I don't mind a bit of interaction with my food at a restaurant of this caliber, but I wasn't a fan of scraping the lobster tail meat out and cracking and scraping the meat out of the claws for my lobster dish. My wife was also not thrilled about every other bite of her Branzino containing bones. It was also light on flavor.Wine was great, service was average, food was average.I prefer Gilbert's Chowder House or DiMillo's."}, {"review_id": "x1uA8ygpGvz-3mfSdQddgw", "user_id": "zoQwKvJIgV88r43KDKoEYw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "Had the lobster diavolo and shared it with my gf. I did not realize it was a pasta with noodles underneath.. The portion was huge and was worth the $60. It could of been shared between three people. Everything tastes phenomenal from the lobster to the mussels, clams, calamari, noodles, sauce, etc etc. Will go back on an empty stomach to get this again. The place itself is kind of small and was smokey when we first walked in, but reserving a seat was easy.. We walked in and chose 6:30pm which was about 25 mins Saturday night on cinco de mayo.. We walked around for a bit and came back to immediately be seated so wasn't bad at all.."}, {"review_id": "XZDw-Ru76tbKX8vsnAuH1A", "user_id": "cAtnUGFB0WE2FquMoSoiiQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/29/2017", "text": "It cannot be denied this place does solid seafood dishes. Cooked perfectly and well seasoned. Their lobster pasta diavolo is the most popular. It is delicious indeed and full of flavor. It's honestly a pound of pasta and generous amounts of seafood (clams, squid, mussels and a whole lobster).They had a crabmeat mushroom pasta appetizer that evening that I found to be far superior to the lobster dish. It's a different flavor profile (not dosed in heavy handed garlic or tomato...phew) which I enjoyed far more. I wish I ordered a double portion for dinner.I've had their scallops in Pernod cream in the past, delicious but the sides are so uninspiring. And I remember the grain (farro) was a bit underdone to my liking. For the cost of these dishes ($30+) I expect a bit more for the accompaniments to a seafood plate than a spoonful of whatever grain cooked en masse and a vegetable.Wait time/hard to get reservations+price+cramped space = maybe a once a year off season during the week visit."}, {"review_id": "ckIDjbrjF0fUADUiiusdoQ", "user_id": "Z4wvyYC58FLjjPSPa0de1Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/25/2018", "text": "Finally  I managed to hit up this place at 2nd attempt!My 1st attempt coming here was cancelled since there was 45 minute wait without reservation and I was too HANGRY to wait..hahaOn my 2nd attempt, after learning from the 1st experience, I decided to make reservation to avoid similar outcome during one of my dinners. My friends and I who all were visiting from NY were seated immediately. I immediately noticed the open kitchen concept, where I was able to see how the food was prepared. The place smelled so good from all the butter/spices/aromatics that constantly came from the kitchen..mm hmm.So we shared the lobster fra diavolo and scallop with cream sauce. And finished off the meal with Bourbon pecan pie a la mode. The scallop dish unfortunately for me was so so. I remembered it came with some kind of farro it somehow did not soak up the creamy flavor. The scallop was okay, a little much smaller in size and not many of it in the pan. Not sure it worth the price tag. The lobster fra diavolo meanwhile was awesome. It's got rich tomato based flavor sauce and loaded with seafood. Definitely sharable even for 3 people.  We even managed to still clean up the leftover sauce with bread. The A la mode pecan pie was perrrfect. Warm bourbon infused pie meets cold ice cream. Perfect ending to the meal.All in all, a little pricey meal (but then everybody knows that vacation is NOT the time to save money) but it was a great experience.Great place to eat for an out of town visitors! Or catch up with friends/ date. Remember: ALWAYS make reservation. Reservation seems to be the norm for restaurants in Portland generally otherwise be prepared to wait for a while! (READ: Eternity)PS: Sorry I had a low battery therefore was unable to take pictures of the food! This review would have been more helpful with pictures.PPS: Did you make reservation yet? You'll thank me later. You're welcome."}, {"review_id": "_WzvlJVSoo5oDJ6IA3AynQ", "user_id": "Fqb8xpHK1hN8pIgVB8NoGA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "This place was a gem of a find for us. Fancy, on the pricier side, but you get what you pay for. Hearing now about its reputation, I would say it absolutely lives up to its name, though at the time I will admit I'd never heard of Street & Co. Fabulous wine selection, big portions, and delicious food. Great atmosphere, a staff that is attentive yet not overbearing, and a really beautiful space to have a cozy dinner. I love the braided onions and picked vegetables they use as decour."}, {"review_id": "I436vFKgw4kcuakiL11XSQ", "user_id": "NbeDUg8p2S8r8A3HJg3EZA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "My friends and I visited Portland for a few days and had to try this place. We made appointments, but still had to wait (it was fine though because there is a seating area where you could order drinks). It was super busy and crowded on a Saturday night.The three of us shared a shrimp with butter and garlic and the grilled lobster on linguine. SO FREAKING DELICIOUS! It was filling because we have stomaches the size of a bird's, but we managed to finish everything. There was a lot of shrimp and one lobster. The seafood and noodles were cooked to perfection, and the presentation was great. It was quite salty though, I think I drank around 10 glasses of water LOL. Service was awesome as well!!It was definitely worth it and the freshest lobster of my life. Wish it was a bit plumper, but it was still sweet and juicy. We could've honestly gone for one more dish but it was still satisfying! I hope to come back here one day. Seafood pasta will never be the same!!"}, {"review_id": "VHlhZcNWf6nmnXxGS-pXHw", "user_id": "W4gNOYbrlbENctuIGnWLOg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/11/2018", "text": "The lobster diavolo was one of the best things I've ordered this year. Its a huge dish filled with mussels, clams, squid and a whole lobster on top of linguine drenched in a thin garlicy tomato sauce. All for only $60 is such a steal. We had a ton of leftovers and enjoyed every bite. The atmosphere as well is really cute. It's in a cobblestone alley and very clean inside. They have an open kitchen, so you know they have to be clean and ordered. The service was fantastic. I have nothing bad to say about this restaurant."}, {"review_id": "3r90oYtcDa-3A1fpXMa45A", "user_id": "5uA4g7dEQD0TIr3jjRtJhA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/9/2017", "text": "Such an incredible meal and dining experience. Good company, good wine and hands down one of the best seafood culinary experiences I've ever had. My table ordered what they're known for, the lobster diavolo and then we switched it up and went for the garlic lobster and the scallops in Pernod and cream. The scallops were incredible!!! The highlight of the meal. Creamy tender buttery amazingness. My mouth is watering for more already... and dare I say, better than the lobster diavolo?! Even though the lobster diavolo was soooo good. So pick what you're more in the mood for, marinara based spicy mussels, clams and lobster (very mild heat!) or creamy butter heaven And the appetizers were amazing too!!!! Baked octopus and calamari!"}, {"review_id": "UAk92YM3TpLK7felgj75Eg", "user_id": "xk9CWV8i_QHlI0YPQn6zvQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/25/2017", "text": "This is my family's favorite restaurant in Portland, ME. Every time we come to visit family, we go here.You should get a reservation at least a day before. You can also try and stop by the location and see how the wait is...at your own risk.Come early before your reservation to get cocktails and some oysters at the bar area.The menu is great, but there are two options that are spectacular...first is the sole francaise, which is sole sautéed is butter. It is melt in your mouth good! The second, and my favorite, are the scallops in pernod cream sauce. The scallops always cut like butter and the cream sauce is delicious, with a hint of anise flavor.The atmosphere is cozy, with copper plated tables and herbs hanging from a low ceiling. Highly recommend! P.S. We once even saw Brad Paisley with his family here!"}, {"review_id": "U-PT1nFgeRDlkQbN6f2ZYA", "user_id": "G15ZQPsNB5J7AMixaYP2rA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/14/2018", "text": "After doing a quick Yelp search, I knew I had to go here. The ambiance was very cute and cozy, and the staff was very friendly. Kudos to the hostess for managing the floor while keeping waiting guests happy. I'm sure in the summertime the restaurant is ridiculously packed, but for a Saturday night in January there was still a short, but reasonable wait. We grabbed a drink in the waiting area and were seated (without a reservation) within 15 minutes of arriving. For anyone who's on a date with your significant other or friends, the lobster diavolo is the way to go. This dish is easily shareable among three people (though my boyfriend and I were ambitious in trying to finish it and couldn't). It was absolutely delicious and flavorful (if you love garlic, this is an added plus), jam-packed with various types of seafood and enormous lobster claws on top. There was so much pasta, we didn't know what to do with ourselves! We ordered calamari and paired it with their complimentary bread to indulge in the yummy sauce, but we probably could've done with out it all and saved our appetite for the main course.Overall, we had a wonderful dining experience and will be coming back for more during our next visit."}, {"review_id": "KI21JukH0OeCitY4i_mL8g", "user_id": "rI9uUH-XHdw3eCE0hlqSEw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "The lobster diavolo is amazing. The size of this dish is way much more for two persons. Recommend for three. Service is good as well. Definitely will be back"}, {"review_id": "urRNSEFvyLu6jka3IUH40w", "user_id": "3WVLDJ6u578iC5E6rO4eZw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/4/2018", "text": "Amazing! Got the blackened swordfish special and it ruled. It came with a bed of couscous and fennel tomatoes, with grilled asparagus. Damn good. Will hope to return soon."}, {"review_id": "6aq3jI5KNkTg-mHNy7xo6A", "user_id": "1ZFOZV7zA-6yZFZWoZSwxA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/9/2017", "text": "I came here on a Saturday night. We were seated outside. It was a bit cold, but still a pretty nice street nevertheless. We ordered the pea soup and grilled sardines for starters. They were both OK, nothing to write home about. For entree, we got the lobster linguini and scallop pan. The lobster linguini was nicely done with a whole lobster. The garlic butter sauce was delicious, especially after the lobster juice absorb into the noodles as you disassemble the lobster. The scallops were done perfectly with good portions. The service was top notch. Our server was friendly and nice. I will come again if I am in Portland."}, {"review_id": "DTpMzSCz4I0TBBvpJ0xkSw", "user_id": "8Io3kh3e22akC6MsuMMPWQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/3/2017", "text": "You must come here if you are visiting Portland. Service is excellent. The complimentary crusty bread is great for soaking up extra sauce and soup. The amount you get when you order the lobster diavolo $56.95 made for 2 (honestly this could be for 4 normal appetites) or the grilled lobster linguine $38.95 (great for 2 if you eat an app or two) is crazy large. I loved how much garlic was in each dish. Also each dish comes with an entire lobster, both of which were succulent, sweet, and almost definitely more than 1 lb each.The perfect white wine: Bucci Verdicchio. Full bodied, fruity, dry finish. They bring out extra napkins and then hot napkins with lemon when you order lobster dishes. The fennel tomato soup was delicious and a great palate starter. Tastes all seem great - the manchego with Concord grape jelly and cracker was very nice. Strong grape flavor!!TL;dr: Delicious food, huge portions, good service, takes reservations, totally #worthit and very memorable."}, {"review_id": "YJxrlhhXKkqzzy5o5W2eYw", "user_id": "3IH8qG5FNKZuMRY5TSlgYA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/19/2018", "text": "Amazing! Amazing! Amazing! my honey and I were here on vacation and this place was recommended over and over again by locals. Luckily we scored a last minute reservation. The food was amazing. We got a huge dish that we split it seems it brought every seafood item on the menu. The waitress was super nice and the food sublime! Highly recommend. The lobster was amazing! The pasta! The shrimp! All of it!!! Our waitress was very friendly and she did a great job of recommended some items on the menu."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/street-and-co-portland-2?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]