[[{"review_id": "rXTfOBzQjj5azu8OT4ewPg", "user_id": "P7tk0TvdBtnZUlTtv8uzzA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/5/2018", "text": "Outstanding! Our friend brought us here one evening and we all started with foie gras and then shared this massive charcuterie board, the centerpiece being your bison tartare topped with a quail egg. This was one of the best things I've ever tasted in my life. It bursts in your mouth with unmatched flavor and phenomenal texture. It's like an experience. Unbelievable! My only critique, however, is that the foie gras was a bit undercooked. Came out lukewarm, not seared long enough. It's an easily reparable faux pas, we could have sent it back to have them cook it longer. The bison more than made up for it though, kind of sealed my opinion, to be honest."}, {"review_id": "fM5TI4g5aPYpu71EB4yiUA", "user_id": "mNwxxYNzLpuUGRiLavlJyw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/4/2018", "text": "I had a phenomenal birthday dinner here during my visit to Portland. We did not have a reservation (whoops), but we stopped by around 5:30 to put our name on the list and were told there would be about an hour and a half wait. We were okay with this (I expected it), and wandered across the street to grab oysters as an appetizer.We checked back in with the hostess when we came back an hour later and she led us straight to our table! The ambiance was amazing - warm and homey, with the fire from the oven flickering off the exposed brick walls. The open kitchen was cool as well; all of the chefs worked like a well-oiled machine, which was nice to watch.Anyway, with input from our server, we both ordered fish (Monkfish and another option I can't quite remember...) and also got a side of the mashed potatoes. Everything came out steaming in small cast-iron pans, which gave a nice crisp to the food. Every single bite was delicious and bursting with flavor, and I don't think I can do the food more justice than leaving it at that."}, {"review_id": "Hfi8cwuQUkvBsLICcoM7dQ", "user_id": "CZoFlkO9uqhE2soP1sJP-Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/22/2018", "text": "Best meal I've had in a long time! Definitely call and make reservations days in advance, unless you're okay with waiting 2 hours for a table. Not a place I would come to regularly as it is very expensive and hard to get into, more of a treat I would say for most locals. Very popular among tourists. But it was delicious!We made reservations the night before and were sat immediately upon arriving. Great seats by the window overlooking the water on commercial street. Great cocktail list ($14-15). Bread on the table comes from Standard Baking Co. and is very good!We ordered two appetizers, the pork belly which is a portion about the size of a deck of cards for $15 and was pretty good. The sweetbreads app (also $15) wasn't my cup of tea. My friend really liked it, however. I ordered the flank steak as my entree, cooked perfectly and it was delicious. My friend ordered the duck cooked two ways which comes with breast and a duck leg. I ate some of the duck breast and it was delicious! The entrees don't really come with sides, you have to order them separately. We ordered garlic mashed potatoes and fingerling potatoes. Both were delicious and I would order them again ($8 each and they are shareable portions). The entrees cost about $35 and up. We also ordered lagavulin, and a couple of dessert liquers to wrap things up. All in all we had two appetizers, two entrees, two side dishes, 6 drinks, and the bill came up to $230 including the tip."}, {"review_id": "6jH8SufH0Q3PQ19etCNd6w", "user_id": "L10za1ieoSdDdFQIATO8CQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "Very solid, reliable, and well-executed Maine eatery.  They aren't going to surprise you, they are exactly what you expect and want when you eat a nice dinner in Maine.   GREAT interior."}, {"review_id": "gi-mlvsJTtXci-2sY39HSw", "user_id": "h5l-bWTOITs7gazTEUUBuA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "10/17/2017", "text": "My best friend had her bachelorette trip in Portland and as her MOH, I Yelped the crap out of restaurants in the area to pick the best of the best. Fore Street was one of the first places I made a reservation at and it definitely did not disappoint. The mood in the restaurant was just right and I loved the open kitchen. Their menu changes every day -- I can't remember the exact names of everything we ordered, but I'll try my best. For appetizers, we got the SOFT SHELL CRAB which was pretty bomb. We also got this platter of chilled seafood -- it was unique but it wasn't that great. It was just five different samples of fish I believe. I got the SEA SCALLOPS and they were plated on top of different greens and I think some type of grain. Out of all the things I tried that night, the scallops were the best, in my opinion. One of the girls got a skirt steak I believe which was also delicious and quite juicy and tender. The price is pretty hefty and don't think it's worth it for some of the appetizers we had. I love it when restaurants change the menus every day. I'll definitely be back the next I'm in town. If you want a break from the typical lobster/seafood meal in Maine and want to try something different, definitely make a rez at Fore Street!"}, {"review_id": "aHVkx2pfoKYXke_ytNt0Xw", "user_id": "LwIFzQnVu1RGWBTSl34OkA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/12/2018", "text": "Probably the best mussels I have had in my life. Food was all around amazing except for the cold dishes that were a bit salty. Good layout with an open kitchen."}, {"review_id": "83y4C4LgYatXD2GGXImg2w", "user_id": "9oHuKIllKmARm_zI9Mbd1A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "6/16/2017", "text": "Fore Street was a beautiful intimate experience for such a large restaurant. The open kitchen in the middle with decadent food fumes entangling with the wood fire smoke wafting towards your nostrils was a feast in itself. I've never had mussels as good as the ones from Fore Street and the chicken is magical. I dream of the mussels and chicken often, and tell myself that 5 hours isn't too far of a drive to eat here. Our waitress was exceptionally friendly as well. We arrived at 9PM on a Saturday night and it was still pretty busy. I would suggest reservations."}, {"review_id": "YbFjopjoBwb_HKqohpWnxQ", "user_id": "37gcT5RxJ9861rnCHTB-hw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "When you build something up too much in your mind, it leaves you open to disappointment. Such was our experience at Fore St. It is supposed to be one of the finest, if not the finest, places to dine in Portland, a farm-to-table restaurant with a seasonal menu that changes daily, and an open kitchen. The atmosphere is great. The brick walls, glassed in vegetable cellar, and clean, efficient, fully visible kitchen add an element of spectacle to the meal. The smoke and steam from the cooking waft over the restaurant with a fantastic, mouth-watering array of aromas. All this led us to believe we were in for a treat as we were guided to our table, just next to the wood-fired oven so we could clearly watch the delicious food being prepared. Unfortunately, I expect more from the food if I am going to spend $200 on dinner for two. Nothing was bad, but nothing was exceptional. And with the fine ambiance and high prices, exceptional is what I am looking for. We shared oysters and mussels first. The oysters, all local Maine, were great. It's hard to mess up oysters. The mussels were some of the largest and meatiest I've had, but they sat in a thin broth with chunks of garlic and almonds that lended the broth almost no flavor. I've had far better mussels than this for half the price. The bread was fresh baked and delicious; no complaints there. But our entrees were not exceptional. I had hanger steak, a rare treat that I seek out when I see it on the menu. It was very fatty and lacked much flavor. My wife had scallops. They were cooked well but also lacked much else to get excited about. There was nothing wrong with our meal. But for a place as highly-sought after as Fore St, I expected more and left disappointed that my expectations were not met."}, {"review_id": "o6neV2JDaZn-F1VPjQKDTw", "user_id": "VNWNcMqaspZalBa3aCzdQA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/11/2017", "text": "Did not disappoint.  So few restaurants are hopping or have any sort of buzz at the opening hour - Fore Street was the exception.  I was a bit bummed that 6pm was the only reservation we could get, figuring it would be a bit dull and quiet.  Joke was on me.  The lobby and bar were packed and we were sat right away.  The veggie cooler is so cool and then look at all the bread and then holy cow look at the fire in the oven!  The atmosphere was definitely set for an outstanding meal.Our servers were so friendly and knowledgeable and GOOD.  Cocktail and wine selection was impressive with some special by the glass offerings.  Bread and salt and herbs were fresh and warm.  The menu offerings were so diverse and uniquely prepared.  The fish and mussels were fresh and perfectly cooked.  Dessert was wonderful but the seafood entrees stole the show.  An absolute treat for seafoodies."}, {"review_id": "6YpqV7w6itUg3ZhzfKuIxg", "user_id": "BB8Aokn2dQh_XxDn1xUpKw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "Smoky smell inside makes you want some smoked food. The menu changes daily depending on what's available at their high standard of quality. Very good food, a tad pricey for the portion size, very charming decor and atmosphere."}, {"review_id": "TN2F1mnZww5C6kAtvlG3Og", "user_id": "TUnTSEB9ayh4gVyFaUUKVA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/28/2017", "text": "Before I moved to Portland, I used to come here a lot for work.  I would stay at the Hilton Garden Inn - which overlooks the Fore Street restaurant - and think about how it might be the most inviting restaurant in the entire world.  On a cold night in January, it looked so nice in that dining room with the wood fire heating and lighting up the restaurant.After several years of drooling over the restaurant, I finally have gone to Fore Street (twice) since moving here.  I thought it would be a letdown, but it was totally the opposite.  The smoked seafood appetizer plate is honestly one of the best things I've eaten in Portland.  The main seafood entrees change daily and they are all great.   This is definitely one of those places where you want to save room for dessert. Yes, it is pricey, but unlike a lot of places in Portland, the portions are large.  An entree here alone is enough to fill you up.  Not small plates, high prices.  Worth it for a special occasion."}, {"review_id": "hSTNncaghWkEihml6MbAww", "user_id": "rA_Qx4Eu7ZBFdN2Abc3DUQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/13/2017", "text": "I don't even know where to begin... EVERYTHING about dinner tonight was UNREAL. 100% best dinner I've ever had in Portland. Service was amazing, atmosphere was awesome, and the food was astounding. We were lucky enough to get a reservation day of (3 hours in advance, none the less) which is almost unheard of. Our table had a great view of the open kitchen, which includes a wood-fire oven and a spit. Our waiter was attentive without being too present; came by to check how we were doing and remove plates without being pushy. Our drinks were average (draft beer and glass of Pinot Grigio) but the food... oh my. I got the Atlantic char, my boyfriend got the flank steak, and we split a side of garlic mashed potatoes. Holy moly. I don't think we talked for the first 5 minutes we had our food; we were both in heaven! Dessert was decadent, delicious, and delightful. I got the chocolate fudge torte and my boyfriend got the vanilla layer cake. The layer cake was the perfect serving size for one person; I was only able to fit half the torte before feeling like I would need to unbutton my pants on the walk home - so I recommended splitting dessert. I can not wait to go back. And even though reservations can be tough to get, always try! You may get lucky like us"}, {"review_id": "EsYMA7ngFxxbVGJpu0Fs2g", "user_id": "BHrWZS0J0FuJuLqeNk6J7w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/28/2017", "text": "This was the capstone to a great trip and great meal.  Me and my girlfriend are not foodies, but we do like exploring new places to eat.  Dives to fine dining, and everything in between.  When we realized that our plans had changed slightly, I looked for someplace special to end our trip.  Without a doubt, Fore Street was at the top of everyone's lists, and it does not disappoint.We started with the sampler, which was great for my girlfriend because she is not a seafood person, but it gave her the ability to try new things that she normally would not have considered.  The main course was excellent as well.  Everything down to the tinniest of details was considered and only added to the course.  I would tell you what we got, but the menu changes daily.  We finished everything off with a beautiful and savory desert.I feel glutinous but satisfied in every conceivable way.  This meal was nowhere near the highlight of the trip, but it accentuated what Portland has to offer.  The next time were back in town, we know Fore Street will be one of our stops."}, {"review_id": "rRs-chJwhBOTjF6Ib0AVFw", "user_id": "8VzkpmIe3ufp2UFBKS9RvA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "10/27/2017", "text": "We ate at Fore Street this evening and the ambience and food were absolutely fantastic but the service from our waiter was sub par at best, it seemed like the other waiters were very attentive though (so this stops me from giving the restaurant 5 stars; if I could I would give the restaurant 4.75 stars though because the food more than made up for it but sadly yelp doesn't allow me to do this). The wine and drink menus were extensive with great selections, we ultimately went with the Pinot Noir and it was delicious.Next we got the muscles, which were absolutely fantastic...if I could have I would have drank the sauce!!!!Finally, for dinner, we got the Arctic Char, steak and Quail...they were all great but I absolutely loved the Quail and steak and again if I could, I would drink the sauce. I even took the remnants home to go because I may make a stock from the Quail."}, {"review_id": "ops6AMzWJofwniKHSATnuw", "user_id": "lKap0_ProgmJ1LLZ2IP6jQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/16/2018", "text": "I had heard great things about this restaurant and it did not disappoint. The service is top notch. Everyone went out of their way to make us feel welcome and taken care of. The food is outstanding. From the inventive salads to the out of  this world desserts to the creative entries...wow...is all I can say. I will definitely return. Make sure you have a reservation. The night we went it was completely booked all night. Kudos to the entire staff. Very hard working team!"}, {"review_id": "fna2MDz__yYpBpPN527cXQ", "user_id": "_lBIckDDtE2s-dp6zTj6Zw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "12/14/2017", "text": "I REALLY wanted to give Fore Street five-stars. All of the reviews here are so amazing that I thought for sure I would have an equally exceptional experience, but I think this is a solid 3-3.5 star restaurant.The food is very good, but it is not GREAT. We split two appetizers- a pork belly appetizer and the mussels. While the mussels were delicious (especially with a crusty piece of bread to sop up the sauce they are in), the pork belly really lacked in flavor, and was very tough to chew. Entrees were the half chicken and a duo of duck. Both were very flavorful, and no complaints on the execution of the cooking, but I just do not believe that the taste comes close to justifying the price of this meal.Based on the a\\\\experience above, I would typically award this restaurant 4 stars, not 3. However, the entire time we were there we felt extremely put-off by our waitress. I don't know how to explain the vibe that she was sending, but it almost seemed like she thought we were going to try to run out on our bill? I'm not sure if we looked \"too young\" to be able to afford such an \"expensive\" meal (we are both almost 30), but I didn't appreciate being made to feel like we were somehow beneath the quality of such a prestigious establishment.And not that it matters, but we were both dressed more than appropriately for the location (skirt/blouse for me, blazer/slacks/button-down) for my fiance. My advice to management would be to retrain the staff to respect the patrons more, and avoid the snooty, entitled attitudes."}, {"review_id": "Olod6cr7dERrNNl89y1WEg", "user_id": "Gfzi-gVTlcE0k426kPk7Ig", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "The service was very prompt and our waitress was friendly. I had the Halibut and it was very good. The beet side dish was not as flavorful as I had hoped. My martini was great as well."}, {"review_id": "Vu9HcuC1ZgimPTKF820S7Q", "user_id": "TWiXGr_ByMg8UNVLJ7sQDQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/1/2017", "text": "After doing a self-guided food tour around Portland (the amount we ate was actually disgusting) this is by far my favorite restaurant in the area. Ambience is perfect for a romantic date night and everything I tasted was absolutely amazing. Can't wait for our next trip back!"}, {"review_id": "UhERNF0F5ZE-OrJrIfsRkA", "user_id": "4Yvg_jRLGMarB0bAhD7KVg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/8/2018", "text": "While on business I love to sit at the bar and enjoy watching all the action of the servers and good looking people.  Portland is lucky to have such a slick bar and restaurant in the city, so close to center of town.Great appetizer options and the best selection of bourbon ever.  Lobster app and pork belly was delicious."}, {"review_id": "xS-JcTIbh9ogQLSgUAemxQ", "user_id": "ESXrSnzy7CEuh93AMVPM-A", "rating": 1.0, "date": "12/3/2017", "text": "I've eaten here before and yes the food is good but the arrogance and pretentious manner of the staff especially with so many choices in Portland reminds me why I only go in maybe yearly. A business partner was in town and I took her over as it was close to her hotel. It was freezing out. We arrived around 5:20 - 5:25 and the hostess said she could seat us in a few moments. I stepped into the bar area to check work email & voice messages and the bar tender asked me to leave as they were not open for an other 10 minutes and he meant it. I wasn't sitting down, asking for a drink ... just warming up and checking work emails. Again, wasn't the end of the world but really. We left, didn't feel welcomed and really for 1/2 to 2/3 the price there is several great  restaurants within a block or 2 which is exactly what happened 5 minutes later."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/fore-street-portland?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]