[[{"review_id": "IcsEIxQK5BbVXbDA0VkiZg", "user_id": "nDh7qsb_JbdTiD-CEFHXdw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/23/2018", "text": "Funky placeCool peopleAwesome foodGreat serviceGluten Free! Loving it! Nice job guys... you've just became my favorite spot for pizza in Portland!"}, {"review_id": "hv5n5mosIXjqbFnkMPOEyw", "user_id": "4_GvCkAq7UcsYJWcypldnQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "Just this past weekend with a group of 11 we came to Flatbreads. First off, being a party of 11 and a Saturday, huge brownie points to Flatbreads for taking a reservation ahead of time and being able to accommodate such a large party on limited notice. Flatbreads is right on the harbor and has an outstanding location! The restaurant is very spacious which helps for larger parties. The noise level here is also on the louder side, so it's a great place if you are looking to have some fun and not worry about your volume or irritating other customers. They have various seating which includes a bunch of regular tables and very large booths which fit about 6-8 people.They have a great selection of beers and have various local craft brews on draft which is always awesome to see. Their food menu, I feel is rather limited when it comes to Pizza. They have a few pizza options that don't contain red sauce and then a few others which do contain sauce. I would really love to see them create a more expansive list of specialty pizzas to provide on their menu. They do however offer a \"make your own\" pizza, but for someone like me that isn't that ambitious to create my own pallet of flavors, it is simply too much work to consider. Despite the limited options to choose from, I will say that their pizza is really tasty. Each pizza can be ordered as either a large or personal size. I always like to share and try everyone's pizzas and I personally have yet to find one that I don't like! All pizzas are cooked in their huge woodfired pizza oven which gives the pizza a great crisp and some extra flavor. They also offer gluten free crusts to those with prefer this and/or have allergies."}, {"review_id": "mH8FXQtzQ31B-g3pdwgoSg", "user_id": "8Hpq8GWTQINliD76ttYohw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "Flatbread Company is always a solid option in the Portland dining scene. I know that if someone comes to visit from out of town, Flatbread will be a crowd pleaser, especially in the summer months when you can eat on the deck!One of the things that I respect about Flatbread is that they use organic, farm to table ingredients. Not many restaurants in the Portland food scene can say that they do that, and it is something that I value about Flatbread. They also have a vast amount of draft beer options, which are primarily local brews, and their rustic, wood fire ovens add a cool flair. The only thing that keeps me from giving Flatbread 5 stars (in all actuality I would be giving it 4.5 stars), is that I wish they had more options for their flatbread pizzas, which I know can be limited due to their organic, farm to table feature. I am in love with their punctuated equilibrium, and their dough is always amazing. I will always be a fan of Flatbread, and it will always be a staple in the places that I go to in Portland!"}, {"review_id": "hklEl_0KcytvTLq67zk97Q", "user_id": "JJmCjhU2yi8H0L0FDpBaqA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/31/2018", "text": "I cannot say enough about this location and this pizza. Maybe it is the view of the ocean and the smell of seaweed, but this Flatbreads pizza beats any other location. I have been going here for years and I crave the thin (but not too thin), crispy, and fresh pizza. Anything with the sausage is my go-to. They also have gluten free and vegan options, which I always appreciate. I love how they use local ingredients and always incorporate seasonal ingredients into their menu. My favorite is their house salad with seaweed and blue cheese--it is fresh, crisp, and their secret dressing is crack. To drink? Grab a local craft beer, a seasonal cocktail, or a lemonade sweetened with local maple syrup--it is to die for. On a nice day, sit on the deck for a view. Warning: this place is good and people know it. So if you are going for dinner, either go very early or expect about a 45 minute wait. The wait is worth it though, especially when there are lots of cute boutiques and boats nearby to check out. But plan accordingly!"}, {"review_id": "FkXWigTpDGeER56a4s7jTg", "user_id": "bzMgmHvBd7nAX8ez0hlOzw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "Great wood-fired pizza. They'll accommodate you with half and half orders even when you want one side without sauce one the other with. Seated us by the window no problem (the tables were open). No nonsense or pretentiousness. Very cool easy going server. Attentive staff. Great ambiance and wood fired oven smells great :) I recommend highly. Muah!"}, {"review_id": "kI9zKgUxV5_a1yLqEudXGA", "user_id": "PK6txq7fd945nX86_dSw9Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/25/2017", "text": "4/5. Highly recommended if you visit Portland, ME. There is outdoor seating which is great in the summer time but inside, there is plenty of seating in view of the giant oven. There's also a bar area. Pizzas were on the craft-price side of things near $20 but with that said, it is well worth it. Split 2 pizzas among 4 people and it was plenty. 1. Nitrate free Mushroom and Pepperoni pizza - Delicious, plenty of ingredients on top.2. Homemade Sausage pizza - Initially doubted this one since it's no-sauce but it was flavorful with the sheer ingredients in it.Overall, I'll come back for more pizza if I'm craving some in Portland."}, {"review_id": "1e7YCdRmqn3JFRmea96pOA", "user_id": "p5W-5r-mC39XwJoiDLWhBw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "This is quite possibly my favorite pizza anywhere. Thin crust, wood fire-baked pizza. Their organic salad is delicious - tossed with just the right amount of dressing, and a nice dollop of goat cheese. This was my second visit and I can say it has been consistently excellent. Nice view of the bay as well."}, {"review_id": "budWrSBzXkVHt9YgkGf4OA", "user_id": "OulxTnwR1c9XxjCpcMWe6w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/21/2017", "text": "The Atmosphere is Great, rustic ambiance, wood fired pizza ovens, open concept kitchen and the view of the working waterfront! The Ingredients are of the local flare and super delicious...I know you will also Fall In Love with this Place!!!The staff is amazing always and are very accommodating and informative! Next time you are in the Old Port, call ahead and enjoy!"}, {"review_id": "1r0j0vrhjqX9GCzvq_6lwA", "user_id": "pZ3Ep3dTrr_nG-komsuVmQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "Everything is farm to table.  Salads, flatbreads, and a few deserts.  The menu was a little confusing but if you are looking for a healthy pizza option that tastes great, this is the spot for you.  A decent amount of beer, wine, and drinks available.  I sat at the bar, great service, very friendly, and personable.  Ordered a flatbread that came out within 10-15 minutes.  Taste was amazing.  There were a couple of dipping sauces, (hot and a dressing) the hot was a sweet hot and not for me but the dressing was nice.  Finally got the brownie Sunday!  Damn it was awesome!"}, {"review_id": "mPNtn3JhhzYb2qORn3F4fg", "user_id": "NK0AllcrPS1dBh2iLBaeZg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/3/2018", "text": "Great food and drinks! In the summer you can sit out on the deck in the back right next to the water and have a candlelit dinner. :) A little on the pricey side, but worth it. Great for a date night, or a group of friends!"}, {"review_id": "_2UYrY8vhtCeTBfaTMpjzA", "user_id": "1FgTr6aTL7W0tHSTYoR51g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "8/21/2017", "text": "I've lived in Portland for three years now, and every single time I've tried to come to Flatbread, the wait has been so long I've bailed and gone somewhere else.So, I was ecstatic to finally have a group of friends commit to a Friday night dinner here! We had reservations and still had to wait for a while, but this is to be expected when it's a bustling restaurant right on the pier on Commercial Street.First off, this restaurant is dark, loud, and when it's busy, it's BUSY. It can be hard to maneuver your way into your table.Once you're settled, it's worth all the hubbub. Our server was super sweet and very patient, even though there was a whole group of us with separate needs and split up orders.I got a Maine Beer Company lunch (of course) and the Punctuated Equilibrium pie to share with my sister.Food came out pretty quickly, and the server was totally fine with us having separate checks.The pizza itself was delicious: kalamata olives, red peppers, goat cheese, rosemary, red onions, and other cheese. The goat cheese was a bit much, but the olives complemented the flavor so well I didn't mind.Large pie was $18. Split between two people, it really wasn't bad.Come here if you don't mind the wait, and if you don't mind yelling over people to have a conversation. It was a bit wild trying to talk to my friends here. I think I'd come in the dead of winter when it's locals only and way less rowdy downtown.Either way, stop in for a specialty pie and enjoy the freshest ingredients in town."}, {"review_id": "xrHu7RpiuKm4clQ__mfSIg", "user_id": "boGT9Lh2LBHoJ9t2-PA45A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/28/2018", "text": "Flatbread has been a family favorite for more than a decade. When we lived in Portland, it was our go-to restaurrant for kid-friendly/grown-up-pleasing meals and celebrations. Now that we live out-of--state, Flatbread is on the must-do itinerary for any Portland visit. The highlights include outstanding flatbread pizza, fresh salads, friendly service, laid-back atmosphere, and waterfront location. Flatbread gets very busy for dinner 7 nights a week. I recommend visiting for lunch so you can walk right in and sit right down. In the summer, enjoy dining on the outdoor deck. If you're waiting for your table, order a drink at the window on the deck and relax outside. Flatbread provides paper and crayons for kids to color; donate your child's artwork to Flatbread and it may be used as a menu cover. It's fun to sit on the wall in front of the main oven and watch the pizza chefs cook. Flatbread's other locations in Portsmouth, NH and Rockport, ME are also winners."}, {"review_id": "rvd_BcFTjIKlEU3sJzUtjw", "user_id": "2VcTsU_bg9uXIe3CRX_QxA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "I ordered Jay's Heart, and it was so good. I have been craving it ever since. A large pizza is just enough to share between two hungry teenage girls. There's also a great view of Casco Bay."}, {"review_id": "jMMPNdcQ9yU2zvJmPbZWCg", "user_id": "I_2bFruAtvwdpvtlcM3NPg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/6/2017", "text": "I'm in love with the flatbreads here! My boyfriend and I decided to come here on a rainy day and we were so glad we did. We were able to sit at the bar (no wait) while the wait for tables was close to an hour. We wanted to sip on some beer anyways, so we chose the bar. I ordered the Casco Bay Community Flatbread and he ordered Jimmy's Free-Range Chicken. The Caso Bay Flatbread was amazing. The caramelized onions really set the flatbread beyond any other flatbread I had. The flavors were intense and just so delicious. I found myself finishing the entire thing (except for a slice I gave to my boyfriend reluctantly). It was a small size but STILL. I have never loved flatbread as much as I did eating this! The Jimmy's Free-Range Chicken was okay. I definitely had higher hopes for this one than the Casco Bay flatbread. I wished it came with more beans and corn. It seemed so sparse on the pizza. The chicken was a bit dry. But the sour creme lime drizzle was pretty tasty!The bartender offered to supply us with salad dressing and hot sauce for dipping. I am in love with the hot sauce! It's pretty spicy so if you don't like kick, I don't recommend. It's not like a hard/fast spicy either. It slowly creeps up on you and lingers. I loved it!The salad dressing was tasty too. I loved dipping my crust into it. Near the end of our meal, the guy next to us ordered the Lamb special pizza. Jeez. Regrets. It looked so tasty and we kinda had a little pizza envy :( But it's okay, I enjoyed my meal! I will definitely be back whenever I'm in the area again. YAY FOR FLATBREADS!"}, {"review_id": "LKLBgytGf-XJHQVmNMX5xw", "user_id": "k9jy2LjvZH1rsIpypy3kQQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/16/2017", "text": "Flatbread is an easy \"go to\" when I need to find a menu for all but still want to show off some seasonal local ingredients. It's favorite pizzeria in Portland, but also my favorite SALAD. Yes, I said it. They're incredible. Flatbread was the first place I ever dined when I moved to the Maineland, and I'm still fond of my first experience there: I sat at the bar, was greeted by a waiter and asked him for a local beer. He let me sample a few before pouring me a tall glass of Bunker. I then ordered a Jay's Heart (now my favorite is the punctuated equilibrium). He offered to bring me fresh parm cheese, a side of salad dressing and some of their homemade hot sauce in case I wanted to try it. I said, \"bring it on!\" I sat at the bar, drinking my beer, and before you could even blink I had fully indulged on all of my glorious offerings. (Yes, that means an entire pie to myself.) Do as the locals, friends. Get the salad dressing and the hot sauce with your Za. Rotate splashes on top of your pie, and then dunk your crust in all its glory. It's a MUST when I go there, and my visitors always rave about it too. Don't skip their rotating veggie and carne specials, and make sure you try their seasonal salads too. I LOVE adding goat cheese to mine. They're also great for splitting if you want an easy starter with a friend. I almost forgot something important... for dessert, they offer a chocolate chip banana bread that gets placed in their ovens before they put a big scoop of ice cream and fudge on top. I'm not a big sweets girl, but trust me, it's worth the indulgence (and can't we pretend bananas make it healthy?). Do it!"}, {"review_id": "tH4OMj4X1BdveLbssksZ2g", "user_id": "_7T3UnJp760idTACp8Esfw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "7/26/2017", "text": "The pizza is REALLY good! We stopped here for lunch on our way home from Acadia back to NJ. We wanted something quick and easy that would also allow us to enjoy Portland for the hour we had allotted to spend there, and this place did not disappoint. We sat indoors and had a waterside view. We were able to share one large flatbread pizza with plenty of leftovers to nibble on in the car. The pizzas are expensive, but if you share one it makes it more reasonable. Not too sure when I'll be back to Portland, but definitely worth trying out if you're in the area!PS: The place itself is super cute too. Lots of beers on tap."}, {"review_id": "DudRGJ1J2Mx-F-gf32wtWQ", "user_id": "2uECxJWkFhekoPkxVQgTsw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "6/23/2017", "text": "We had an amazing family dinner here.  It started with the menus which included artwork from other kids.  This was a great touch with my kids.  Our server was funny, helpful, and attentive.  He checked on us frequently and made great recommendations.  We appreciated his suggestion to order a large flatbread and have it split to try two flavors.  We had one side as a Jay' Heart with sausage.  The other side was Jimmy's Free Range Chicken.  Both were amazing.  The fennel sausage was perfect with a sweetness we enjoyed.  The chicken black bean and corn on the other side was a great unique treat too.  Our kids stuck with a basic Jay's heart.We loved the views, crowd, and food.  A great visit!"}, {"review_id": "jt8k8DKX4DxQn1H25SLh6g", "user_id": "xJl9nrxtwS8MCzffiI7b1A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/6/2018", "text": "I wouldn't say this is the BEST pizza I've ever had, but you know the pizza's good when you're excited for the leftovers at breakfast. For my plant-based friends, their vegetarian sausage is a must try! I also am never too fond of ordering salads out at restaurants unless they're perfection, but I never skip a flatbread salad. Though there seems to always be a long wait, when you get past that the staff is so friendly, the ingredients are local, they offer vegan and vegetarian options that are actually delicious, and in the summer, the outside deck is a scenic spot to grab a cold drink (blueberry kombucha is life!!)!!"}, {"review_id": "tUk9BmyXTbpchD_ndf26uw", "user_id": "-8ixU6HFp8mKKK7VDMGbAA", "rating": 1.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "$30.47 for one pizza that was slop.  That's not a typo, one pizza was really over $30, for just the pie.  It was obvious the cooks could care less.  Absolutely one of the worst flatbread pizza's I've ever had.  It was just all slopped in the middle.  It was missing two toppings too, and had only three pieces of onion on the entire pizza.  Management needs to show the cooks how to make a pizza, or someone should show management.  Horrible, horrible, horrible."}, {"review_id": "YE-hEh6T9_6fpbo0N-ycEQ", "user_id": "S_guYd6bL5XFk4g20JCFzg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/21/2018", "text": "I don't live near Portland anymore, and don't get to visit my favorite restaurants very often.  Flatbread is one of them that I miss the most!  It's a place where I can consistently get a delicious gluten-free pizza or a nice salad, while soaking in a wonderful view of Portland's working waterfront.  I love the fact that the ingredients they use are fresh, often organic and mostly locally-sourced, the staff is friendly and seem to LOVE their job, the bar has a relaxed, community feel about it, and the oven is right there and working so you can see your food being made if you so choose.  Everything on the menu is also fairly priced, and I always feel as though I get my money's worth when I eat there.  Another reason that it earns five stars from me (I don't give out many of those!) is their community involvement.  Every Tuesday evening is fundraising night, and Flatbread works with local non-profits and charity organizations to raise money for worthy causes.  They work with the organization every step of the way, to make the fundraiser easy, fun and profitable.  AND they donate part of the night's sales of flatbread to the organization.  SO rare for a company to give back to this extent these days.  I can't wait to go to Portland again to stop at one of my favorite spots to dine!  Thanks, Flatbread!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/flatbread-company-portland?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]