[[{"review_id": "w-GakQu-aT39-w4SdAEmpw", "user_id": "C69L05EY48iYih6nEQwGgg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "After driving 6 hours from Long Island, we arrived at Hot Suppa for breakfast. And what a breakfast!Get there early and prepare to struggle to find parking. We got there at 7:30 on a Friday and were seated right away, but the line was out the door by 8:30. The servers were super friendly and fast, and drinks and food were excellent. My friend got the Cajun Bloody Mary which was nicely spicy (they're known for their bloodys so you can't go wrong) and I got the greyhound cocktail with gin. Also can't go wrong with gin and grapefruit juice. Their portions are generous. And so are the prices. The mother clucker is delightfully heavy, and even the fried green tomato BLT was gigantic and hearty. I wish I had the opportunity to come back for dinner. Next time!!!"}, {"review_id": "3Q45yuFg3MT0ScDaJrp2cQ", "user_id": "2XHr-Pdqqdp__sgK3pcKZQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "Maybe not a hidden gem anymore but truly a local treasure.  We arrived at 10am on a Saturday morning and the wait was already about 25 minutes but heed my advice and do the wait because it is so worth it!  Moving on the food, wow just wowwww! I died and went to Eggs Benny heaven when I took a bite out of my order which I brilliantly topped with Fried Green Tomatoes.  I am still patting my own back for choosing that combo and wondered why I've not seen this option before, not even in New Orleans? The folks here at Hot Suppa really have something extraordinary.  Even the hash browns side was deliriously tasty.  My daughter couldn't sing enough praises for their French Omelette. Needless to say, this was one of our most memorable meals on our weekend getaway to Portland."}, {"review_id": "lrT4E2WTibe1xwJ5U1xVog", "user_id": "OPuGDRc5kqKqpl-R1gs1nA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/16/2018", "text": "In New England there is a huge stigma against grits, one which I will never understand. That might be because I come from a very southern family.But hot suppa has the best grits I have had in New England; outside of the ones my father makes. Even he can only make a rival bowl with the special stone ground grits he brings back from Charlotte. Everything I have tried there so far has been penominal  and always makes a great start to any day! Thinking about it even now makes me crave the grits as well as the biscuits. If it wasn't for the wait time and slightly more expensive menu I'd probably go every week!!!"}, {"review_id": "Hp9ckCaLfsp6lHXK9DroXg", "user_id": "qUCHmPvFz3CLg_PtKpYg6Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/24/2018", "text": "This was our first stop in Maine (during our road trip to Maine). Parking was a little bit of a hassle, but we parked on the street not too far away from the restaurant (but.. 25 cents for 12 minutes @.@). We got seated after waiting for 10-15 minutes.I ordered hash beef with two pouched eggs (chose hash brown instead of grits), and my husband ordered motherclucker. They were both solid brunch options. We both agreed that hash beef was cooked to perfection and was the best one we've had so far. My husband really enjoyed the gravy over chicken, but we had better ones when we did our trip to Georgia. Coffee and other drinks were okay. Enjoyed our first meal in Maine."}, {"review_id": "9V2xwrK5nb5r6fV9QE8mYA", "user_id": "faIA5RWG--up9PADEa0k9g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/23/2018", "text": "My group stopped here for brunch on a recent trip to Portland. and WOW. We all agreed that these were the best eggs benedict we've ever had. The eggs benedict with fried green tomatoes is absolutely fantastic. The tomatoes were really crispy but so juicy on the inside. Hash browns were alright, not too crispy or flavorful. The mother clucker is another solid option. It is super flavorful and filling. Each brunch item will set you back around $15, but I think it's worth a stop on any visit to Portland.They also have an extensive coffee/latte menu if you want some caffeine with your brunch."}, {"review_id": "De-_kIrqSsIVcCyjE778Lg", "user_id": "PeIFSmI0I1ILYjUjjUSZdA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "Delicious! Went here for a late brunch. It's pretty small inside, but we only waited a few minutes for a table. I had the red green burrito. You could add meat for an extra charge, which I didn't do. It came with scrambled eggs, beans, peppers, hash browns and cheese. I liked how I could tell the hash browns were crispy even in the burrito. It was a good size and very filling. The menu looked good with lots of options I would want to try if I came back!"}, {"review_id": "NN_u1O7Q451XO_cHyBht0Q", "user_id": "fNzgaewYge8DK2qtTPZzog", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "Small restaurant however the food is amazing! Definitely worth the wait, if you encounter a wait. Just street parking, probably at a meter. Still worth it! I ordered the corn beef with egg on marble rye. It also had a slice of melted Swiss  between the corn beef and egg. The egg yolk was just a bit runny, which is perfect! The sandwich was filling and tasty! My daughter had the red green burrito  and she enjoyed hers as well. I had a taste and it was filled with scrambled eggs and black beans and peppers. The taste was amazing! Definitely a place to check out if visiting Portland! They are closed between 2-5pm."}, {"review_id": "F3TyyhZW2EzJH9j11ezTsg", "user_id": "lrbVJGWnGwFfJAiYq_gKbQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/16/2018", "text": "I've been trying to eat breakfast at Hot Suppa for YEARS. It's just that every time we think of it, there is a 45 minute wait and we decide to go somewhere else. We finally got our act together and got up a little earlier. After a 20 minute or so wait, we ended up seated at the bar. The bartender was so friendly and the Saturday morning jams were a perfect way to start my day.I get it. I get why people wait! First, the bloody mary. It was just what I look for in a bloody. A good punch of spice (without killing your taste buds) and the perfect drink snacks - pickled dilly beans and okra. It was equally good without vodka. Second, the food. To eat, I had one of their specials - pork with tomato gravy, over cheesy grits with the most perfect biscuits. Oh! And two perfect poached eggs! My husband devoured his (yes, we got the same thing), but I was conscious to savor every bite (so unlike me). It was one of those times where I was actually very sad that I couldn't finish my plate. It's a tight squeeze in there, so I wouldn't go with a group or if I'm super hungry before I even leave my house. Needless to say, I'll be back and I can't wait to try dinner!!"}, {"review_id": "i3wkNwdqiMg9XUQ8YgyJHg", "user_id": "AerS3TuUPNjZKf6YKqunPA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/25/2018", "text": "Amazing food! Full disclosure- be prepared to wait and wait and wait.....and wait some more if you want to partake in the enlightening tastes of Hot Suppa (or arrive super early). That out of the way...wife and I indulge a breakfast or two every month at Hot Suppa. This is a very small restaurant, as is almost every restaurant in Portland Proper. Put your name on the list and grab some coffee. Be alert at the sound of your name as well because they will only call it once. Now, the food! Wonderful, absolutely wonderful. The waffles are crisp and light and perfectly made. The real maple syrup goes a long way draped over the waffle. The eggs are Gordon Ramsay quality. Light, fluffy, warm, and decadent. The maple bacon is crisp and meaty. The service! Genuine smiles and swift service. They are attentive and proactive in ensuring a quality experience once seated. This is a favorite of ours in Portland. If you find yourself in Portland or if you live here, you are missing out if you don't endure the wait to eat at Hot Suppa."}, {"review_id": "NO0J35Kue7Z6eZNBXoXhTA", "user_id": "WXOPvu53iSgej-w_0tnbSg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/9/2018", "text": "Loved this place! Came here during happy hour (4-6) and there was no wait. During happy hour, oysters are $1 each, and also $1 off all drinks. We got two rounds of oysters (20 total for the two of us), an appetizer portion of the Nashville hot chicken (one piece), and I also had a cocktail. The oysters were extremely fresh and yummy and came with a lovely horseradish sauce. My cocktail was also delicious and generously sized. The Nashville hot chicken, which was advertised as being extremely spicy and covered in a layer of cayenne, was as such but also finger licking delicious! The waitress was extremely nice and helpful, especially in describing the chicken and coming to check in on us or bring napkins every once in a while. I'd happily have the chicken again, but my boyfriend probably wouldn't. He said his face went numb and he couldn't taste a thing.Highly recommend stopping by!"}, {"review_id": "VthW3AQOIEANrAukGjKd2Q", "user_id": "4_GvCkAq7UcsYJWcypldnQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/1/2018", "text": "After numerous recommendations, I was finally able to make my way to Hot Suppa for brunch this past weekend. I had initially tried to come on Thursday however the wait was over an hour and my hunger could not wait that long. When we came back this weekend the wait was about 35 minutes, which was reasonable given the popularity of this place and the limited seating available.I have to say, my biggest turn off about this place was the hostess. Super unfriendly. She was there both times I came and each time was just as unfriendly. When you try to put your name in, she has a way of making you feel like you are inconveniencing her and whenever she gives a wait time it almost seem like she gives longer wait times in hopes of having you leave. Definitely not a good first impression.The restaurant itself is super cute. There is nice art on the walls and it has a very homey/diner feel. The seating is super limited which certainly doesn't help the wait times.The menu was decent and offered a variety of options. Prices were a little expensive in my opinion. I got a Bloody Mary and the Biscuit and Gravy for my meal.The Bloody was tasty, but not my favorite. It was garnished with an olive, green been, and okra which I thought was rather odd.The meal was really quite good. The gravy and biscuit were both delicious and the hash browns on the side were also excellent.My friend also got the Maple Latte which was amazing. Definitely recommend this.Service was quick and the server was extremely friendly and helpful.Given the wait, prices and the hostess, I'm not sure if I will come back. However, the food was excellent."}, {"review_id": "y9CKCLL-HIaOsM6_kF86BA", "user_id": "8Hpq8GWTQINliD76ttYohw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/1/2018", "text": "I always appreciate restaurants that provide unique and creative brunch dishes. I mean, who can't make toast and eggs at home? Hearing about the southern style flair that Hot Suppa provides on their brunch menu, I was excited to check out all of the goodness. As everyone has stated in other reviews, the long waits and lines are not a myth. My husband and I have come a couple times when the wait has been over an hour long. However, sometimes you can hit the restaurant at a decent time (8-9:30am) and only wait about 30 minutes. The restaurant is very small and has limited seating, so sometimes sitting at the bar gets you in a little quicker. In a recent trip, I decided to try their famous bloody mary, which had a nice kick to get the day going. Probably one of my favorite bloodies in Portland. One of my friends ordered the maple latte, which was also really good. I ended up ordering the fried green tomato egg benedict, because benedicts are just amazeballs and fried green tomatoes? Why not?! The eggs were cooked to perfection, the tomatoes, flavorful, and the hash browns are cooked crispy and delicious. So the food and drinks are great...so why the four stars? First off, as I have stated, the place gets super busy, which I get can be overwhelming and sometimes frustrating. But each time I have come, the hostess has always been rude and uninviting. I would get one day being a little \"off\" but it has been consistent every time. It's just a little off putting. However, the wait staff is always accommodating and nice. Secondly, I find that many of their options are very over-priced. I don't mind putting down some cash for a great brunch, but I found some of their prices were extensive. Overall, Hot Suppa does provide a unique brunch experience if you are willing to wait, just be prepared to drop some serious dollah bills, y'all."}, {"review_id": "YQT1cmm4OcJG8Adc4IUzfQ", "user_id": "M6MFzSS8Rv7_HCV_qHRsBg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/2/2018", "text": "It looks like 600+ people have already beat me to it, but man, I love this place. The food is amazing, the drinks are pretty tasty and everything about it just screams perfect!Most people write about the brunch I feel like - it's beyond awesome - but I really love coming here for their dinner. The Hot Chicken is so good. I mean SO. GOOD. But it's definitely HOT! Every time I come here, the food is consistently the best. I also really love their Pulled Pork Mac and Cheese.Drinks are good - they a good assortment of local beers. They could do better on the cider front. I really enjoy the Porch Swing as well.The one thing I love about Hot Suppa is that no matter how many reviews they have, I feel like I can always get a table! Keep that up Hot Suppa!!"}, {"review_id": "ZHAv1y6qxOHwUmzhs4mDww", "user_id": "yP2Yyjtzjk0NffjVZMaJwQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/4/2017", "text": "Delicious, reasonably-priced, southern-themed food in a small, cute, cozy atmosphere. Came here once for HH - oysters were cheap at $1/piece but they only had one variety and it didn't blow me away. Second time I came here in early December on a Saturday for brunch at 9:30am for a party of 2 and waited for ~20 minutes. We got bottomless coffee and shared the fried chicken and waffles special and the biscuits and sausage gravy with eggs sunnyside up (both were DELISH!) The waffle was thin but comes with a mound of butter that just soaks right in, it was amazing! The total was ~$15/person which is not bad at all for brunch in Portland. Plus it was sooooo much food, I took leftovers home for another full meal. I'm from the south and do feel that this place is sort of hyped up just because there aren't a ton of places to get your southern food fix here and wouldn't want to wait an hour to eat here. If you're craving oysters there are better places to go, but the southern items they do, they do very well!"}, {"review_id": "MRo14U-tgA6oFjbUiSeckA", "user_id": "Fu7DYpJFm9h148x5fIEvTg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/15/2018", "text": "I really wanted to like this place, as I'm from the south, and can't resist a good plate of biscuits and gravy, but the biscuits and gravy I was served here were disappointingly bland. Nothing makes me sadder. I also wished the hash browns were crispier all the way through. Once I got past the top crispy part, which was delightful, the rest of the potatoes were soft and boring. It needed something to give it more pep. My sunny-side up eggs were cooked perfectly, however, with runny yolks that mingled so well with my hash browns.I don't want to completely write this place off, since so much of their food sounds and looks delicious. My fellow diners ordered omelettes, which were rolled French-style and polished off with enthusiasm. Seems like this is a popular place, so they must be doing something right (they certainly do their eggs right) but unfortunately, I can't recommend their biscuits and gravy. I'm resolving to come back to try the rest of their menu"}, {"review_id": "SVHY8hZRMlll9nxtFLT00A", "user_id": "JGJ_Vx1GK4j80-mVWw7iSw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/25/2017", "text": "Located across the street from Tandem Coffee. Two great options so near each other!Street parking here at Hot Suppa, also no call aheads or reservations. We had to wait about 10 min on a Friday morning (holiday weekend), and the space itself is quite small. Very cozy and homey!Started with a Maine maple latte, they don't have soy milk here but substituted with almond milk and was still very delicious!Tried their famous corn beef hash and it did not let me down! This was hands down the best corn beef hash I have ever had! Not too salty, real meat, pressed on a griddle to perfection. Served with two eggs, two pieces of toast, and potato hash. We also got a side of grits with cheddar. Don't pass this up!Highly recommend this place if you are able to snag a seat here on busy breakfast mornings. Thanks for a great and delicious time! Will be back next time I am visiting Portland :)"}, {"review_id": "GlRO01qlsaX6c7bSUZYnIA", "user_id": "Bco1WVVLtMz67Yi-ilJwsA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/11/2017", "text": "Came here because I heard that this has the best corned beef hash in Portland!Went in on a Sunday around 1030 and waited about 25-30 minutes for a table for 2.I always grade places by their corned beef hash, and this place did not let me down! The exterior was crisp and on the inside were actual pieces of corned beef instead of the usual mash of meat.  I am pretty impressed with the food. The sourdough wasn't too tangy but it was perfect to wipe down the plate after I ate my over easy eggs. The coffee is great, definitely a strong blend and not your typical watered down coffee.My advice would be to come early, put your name down, and wait patiently. If you aren't there when they call your name, they will go to the next party on the list. And when you come back you'll be first in line again to receive a table, unless there's other people in the same situation as you."}, {"review_id": "dKwzWCrJFYW9JicfelIk7Q", "user_id": "hA2VPpKdTHwvjXEN4fuvuA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "Sweet tea brined fried chicken, ribs, maple bourbon glazed sweet potatoes, and house made barbecue sauce stood out during one of the most delicious meals I've had lately. And the chocolate bread pudding was sublime. Excellent service as well. Wish I lived in town just to be a regular!! Will recommend and definitely return on our next trip to Portland. Ohhh that fried chicken..."}, {"review_id": "vhgVtS1eg3ZoxpYaW_LeiA", "user_id": "TUnTSEB9ayh4gVyFaUUKVA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/24/2018", "text": "I could tell you all about how Hot Suppa is the best spot for brunch in Portland, but a few hundred people already beat me to the punch on that one.  Instead, I'll tell you why you should go there for dinner.Cold night plus Hot Suppa is the best Portland winter combination.  The spicy, hearty soul food is enough to make anyone forget about the giant ice storm that is probably taking place on any given night in Maine.  The \"Hot Cat\" (like shrimp and grits only with fried catfish) and the \"fried chicken and a side\" are my favorites on their standard menu, but the specials are usually top notch as well.  Some of their sides are better than others, ask your server what is best.  Want brunch food for dinner, they always have their famous chicken and waffles!The dinner prices here are pretty standard for a casual restaurant in Portland ($15-$20 for an entree) and there is no way you will ever leave hungry.  Oh, and the best part about dinner...usually not much of a wait."}, {"review_id": "7JZsyAP9Uoskk_BLoNwwrQ", "user_id": "hOMIk78-oMintDkm1lew5A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/18/2018", "text": "I've read a number of Yelp reviews about Hot Suppa because I wanted to see what others said about the long wait time there, which is a constant issue. Many remarked the venue is popular hence the excessive delay in getting seated, which I experienced and found off-putting,  Since they do not take reservations I was stuck waiting for nearly an hour with my guests when I was there last.  That is way too long.  Therefore keep this in mind as you will wait if you go to Hot Suppa for breakfast on the weekend; I cannot speak for weekdays.Generally speaking the food at Hot Suppa is good.  Is it extraordinary as some would say?  No, I do not think so; yet \"good\" in any restaurant carries weight from my perspective.Hot Suppa is pricey.  Once upon a time Portland had a vastly different demographic that would not support the prices many venues charge today.  Pursuantly, Hot Suppa is supported by people who have the means to pay their prices for their meals.  Just keep this factor in mind if Hot Suppa is on your radar screen.I would go back and try Hot Suppa for dinner out of curiosity."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/hot-suppa-portland?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]