[[{"review_id": "EFcAjl972azX4wCQhkLVog", "user_id": "Q6XWRxT2CeCkovLcoBKlWQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/9/2018", "text": "OK - This is going to be an interesting review. Visited last night; my first time. I heard all the hype and I read all the reviews. \"Guy\", this guy, this critic and that critic - Well, Its all true! No Joke! - Food was incredible! - Staff, especially the \"Pit Men\" although they may appear intimidating are gentle \"Teddy Bears\" - I can imagine that this place must get busy. I'm glad I saw some Baltimore Cops eating in there with me; So - that brings me to the next part of what I would like to say.Neighborhood is extremely dangerous and riddled with crime and violence. I'm not kidding. The drive from my hotel to this location was frightening and nerve racking; I can't believe I'm writing this and/or admitting to this - But, I'm serious. Its worth the drive - because this place is excellent and you will enjoy the amazing food and quality service. I felt extremely safe @ the restaurant - But, Please - be very careful getting there.One last thing - Don't be afraid - Feel free to ask to sample some of the meets; they will definitely do that for you. Another secret plus! ;-) You truly can't go wrong with any of the meats. Sauerkraut was very delicious! Get a side!"}, {"review_id": "gjDUWGzTAuybxJ0ZMuxcdg", "user_id": "Y_aiKyXG-zTYNDsLI7hlkg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "I have eaten here twice before but no rating. Today it's for real.  Small place with lots of local fare and history. The last time I was here was about two years ago but it was at the end of a bender with alcohol. So this would not have been a fair fight. Today I was very hungry so I tried two items, the pulled pork sandwich, and the roast beef ( BKA Beef Brisket) sandwich. My test with all BBQ places is that if your bbq is good it should not require any of that made up bbq canned bbq sauce. If you have to add sauce to the meat or sandwich this is not good at all. Your meat should stand on its own. First up with the roast beef sandwich. The roast beef good, hot, and juicy. Had a good smoky flavor but I think should have been smokier but some people don't like it hot. I feel that once you add a little bbq sauce on it make it pop more. The rich deep tomato bbq on hand made it work more for me then plane without the sauce. Very balanced flavor but like I said above must add something else to it to make the flavors popThe pulled pork sandwich was my favorite. Smoking. Has more meat in the sandwich and more traditional backyard smokiness. I will return again for this sandwich again. You could eat this without the sauce. Excellent. The prices here are good and the people here are nice and friendly. Next time I am on this side of town and I am looking for some good eats, I am coming here."}, {"review_id": "__r-6YINN1o06GfUP2QnLA", "user_id": "dHvkXigX6ldXchrJHpedxQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "The classic choice for Baltimore's answer to barbecue, pit beef. Nothing fancy just good, basic sandwiches. I don't love the side dishes, they are a little pricy for what they are and the fries get soggy with a takeout order. I don't eat in as we live nearby and the stand is located on the side of the highway in a strip club parking lot. Don't let that discourage you! The service is friendly and the tiger sauce is legit."}, {"review_id": "9fHGgVLnUwc_UiPGr7nYHQ", "user_id": "uFDlyY-Gjz6M3MJ_EatWSg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/7/2018", "text": "Delicious pit beef in a strip club parking lot in Baltimore. What's not to like, hon???!All I can say is this place definitely has the BEST pit beef in town!! So juicy & tender!! And the tiger sauce is the crowing glory. We were lucky today and were able to get a side of 'burnt ends.' Sweet Baby Jesus they were good!!Treat yo' self!! You'll thank me."}, {"review_id": "CJeiysQ4JKLC5sU7mIrllA", "user_id": "dyEc-BsP_qPzIWyiMW0BPw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/12/2018", "text": "My first visit to Chaps involved a bunch of waiting. I had to wait for a parking space, then in a long line, and then again for a seat at a shared table. The sandwich was good, but not the best I'd ever had. I made a mental note to return someday when I had more patience for the experience. Last week I was visiting a friend at Johns Hopkins and realized that I was nearby. Tasty affordable food just a 10 minute drive from the hospital cafeteria? Yes please! I figured I'd flip through the photos here while in line and order the sandwich that caught my eye, but I arrived during a quiet moment. Not only was there no line, my mother and I had an entire table to ourselves! With no time to choose I went with the classic beef sandwich- never a bad choice. I received a potato roll piled with gorgeous rare beef. I topped it with onions, pickles, peppers, and tiger sauce. Every bite was a mix of soft sweet bread, savory roast beef, and sharp veggies. It was a cozy sandwich on a blustery day. I also ordered fries which I dipped into a side of their tiger sauce- horseradish with just enough mayo to make it into a sauce. The fries were real potato, nice and crisp. Why 4 stars instead of 5? No, it's not the strip club that shares the parking lot. It's the menus. There are only two menus posted, one as you walk in the door and one hung high above the ordering window. Dozens of sandwiches are listed in a tightly packed difficult to read format. I would recommend looking at photos here before walking into the building. I would also recommend that Chaps place a laminated menu at each table so that their not-yet-regulars can choose their next sandwich as they eat."}, {"review_id": "Si7vWA8h6Pky7QDJGWL9Og", "user_id": "N9zSfJ3vUJcUTV4cflBvVg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/20/2018", "text": "Came here late night for the chaps pit beef of course. The area itself looks a bit sketch but inside it reminds me of the service like in n out in California.. very upbeat.We ordered a pit beef sandwich late night after some drinking. Once it came out, the beef... oh dam.... super tender and full of flavor. Since it was late night there wasnt much of a line so we went in again to get another. The bread was so soft, it sore it was baked an hour ago. Will be back!"}, {"review_id": "6DkQ0pqDHGBkto9yDspXRw", "user_id": "KzDYsdNjHWfNPeLITtEg_Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/30/2018", "text": "This place is a One-of-a-Kind. If you're a Ravens fan, or like Guy Fieri of the Food Network (Diners, Drive Ins and Dives guy), you have to stop in here for some BBQ! The place has Ravens memorabilia plastered from floor to ceiling, most of it signed, so clearly the Ravens players are stopping in here from time to time! Although, something about it almost reminds me of the infamous Philly cheese steak spots in Philadelphia. Though the service is friendly, don't get to the front of the line and not know what you want to order. Patience isn't their virtue!Do not be discouraged that it's in a strip club parking lot, it's actually a very family friendly establishment!I've stopped in here a few times with my parents, originally because my mom had seen it on DDD. Their pit beef is amazing! It's flavorful, tender, crispy on the edges, just as it should be! Their Pork BBG and Grilled Chicken Breast are great, too! The sandwich bread is everything it should be - basically a roll that absorbs some sauce and still holds up. This is definitely somewhere everyone who calls themselves a Baltimorean needs to try at least once! It's a great mix of both southern and classic Baltimore flavors and style!"}, {"review_id": "FOWMeRCtHmCf4TxtN4V8qQ", "user_id": "d4ztwgrGuwgmn0kOgs0nBQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/16/2018", "text": "So my wife and I saw this on Triple D, and since we were in Baltimore for a conference, we had to try it. SO glad we did. I had the Rachel (corned beef, swiss, coleslaw, and thousand island dressing on rye) and it was so freaking good. The pit style of the corned beef was definitely on of the best ways I've ever had corned beef. It was so tender and flavorful it was great. Every part of the sandwich was great. My wife had the original Pit Beef sandwich. While excellent, we both felt it would be even better with a type of sauce. An Au jus dipping sauce would be a perfect compliment, and we even thought cheese sauce or plain old mustard could amp it up. Again, very flavorful smokey flavor, but not too smokey. I'm not a fan of smokey beef, and this was just perfect.We also had the mac and cheese and highly recommend that as a side. The large is in the picture. Get that, as everyone there told us the small is basically a Dixie cup. We didn't try the fries, but a ton of people had them and were finishing them.The place is tiny. Very few tables, more outside in warmer months we were told. The place was packed, but didn't take more than about 15 minutes to get in, order, and get our food. We easily got a table, as most everyone in there was on a lunch hour and left quickly after eating. Plus, I think it's an unwritten rule there that once you're done, you get out and make room for the next person to enjoy. It's not a sit-down service place, so you won't be lingering anyway.Yes, the restaurant is in the parking lot of a strip club and across the street from an adult bookstore, but it's totally safe. We Ubered there and had to wait in a line outside (a couple of people in line said it's typically not wrapped outside), and felt totally fine...just had to avoid two cars that almost backed into us since they weren't looking. We then waited for our driver outside afterward and again had no hesitation. Other than people not watching where they're driving in the parking lot, don't let the reviews of the neighborhood deter you. It's a bit \"rougher\" than Fell's Point or the Inner Harbor for sure, but nothing that anyone who has ever been to a city hasn't seen before. No fancy hotels or office buildings, mostly industrial and commercial properties, as well as older houses and apartments. Plus, we saw a ton of police in and around the area getting there and while there (literally 7 cars and 3 roaming packs of cops on foot). I've actually never seen a city with as big of a police presence everywhere you look than Baltimore. This includes this area and the other two I mentioned. Some members of the fire department were actually there with us eating at the time. Go at lunch or dinner when there are a bunch of people to feel more comfortable if you'd like, but DEFINITELY go here."}, {"review_id": "HEGjlBZ-CNi9NAyJU32-yg", "user_id": "v8y6IKzGH0oMqA5v76GHKg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/4/2018", "text": "this place is like the baltimore version of philly's pats or geno's. I'm not a big fan of pit beef but they have other stuff too and the service was friendly. There's a small sitting area inside and also tables outside as well as restrooms outside. I like how down to earth this place is and I would come here again."}, {"review_id": "p_8UYnMcdOEBPsnAB_WocA", "user_id": "HvQ45V3LxGbY6-YZ97cvqQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/5/2018", "text": "7 stars!  I couldn't give 7 stars, but I would if I could.  I've had many a sammich and this is by far, one of the best I've had. Baltimore pit beef, now an obsession. The pit beef here is lean and has a mild Smokey flavor perfectly savory and compliments the beefy flavor of bottom round. Sliced thin at any temperature you crave. Medium rare is amazingly done IMHO and the rare is truly rare- not like many places who offer rare and can't do it right. Rare is good but the medium rare is so tender and easier to chew and has slightly more charcoal roasted flavor.  The tiger sauce went perfectly with the meat and chewy bread roll --  and I'm not really into sauces. Tiger sauce tastes like a seasoned creamy horseradish.  I got it on the side and ended up licking the plastic ramekin clean, to my husband's horror. The Baltimore bad boys club is also delicious. Baltimore bad boy club: Ham, bacon, roast beef, Mac and cheese.  order it like a regular.  Packed with tons of flavor if that's what you like... but the simplicity of just the pit beef is what my belly craves."}, {"review_id": "apEK0Ewdd1iWvKJ_HExbZg", "user_id": "-RJTEGvE8SekG12WnTXhyQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "I had heard it was awesome and boy is that true. Just a small place tucked away off to the side. But it has Main Street quality and attraction. The meat is prepared onsite, shaved thin and piled on. There's a variety of sauces sauce to compliment any of the meat combinations as random as they seem random. But it all works. Guy even thinks so. I will definitely be going back."}, {"review_id": "ir5wp--V9mYcC8_JXfdX6A", "user_id": "Xv_JcYILJ_redhblwFdS7w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/25/2018", "text": "Chaps is my go to place when I'm craving pit beef. The portions are always large and the meat is flavorful. I usually get the two meat sandwich with beef and turkey. The pit turkey is soooo good. Last time I was here the banana pudding was on special. It should be the reg menu because it was amazing. I found myself scraping the lid with a spoon to get every last bite. The staff is very friendly and helpful whenever the condiment bar up front is out of something. Don't be put off by the location, it's worth stopping by!"}, {"review_id": "mKUTMpyM2WEnGVyLuO6vpQ", "user_id": "rQLEfpfSjVK-3dBmIMKZDA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/2/2017", "text": "One of the most iconic food you will find in Baltimore is pit beef (upgraded version of roast beef sandwich) and Chaps Pit Beef is the best place to get a taste of amazing pit beef. Chaps Pit Beef was featured in both Guy Fieri' Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives (foodnetwork.com/videos/p…) and Adam Richman's Man v. Food.Chaps Pit Beef is located on the outskirts of Baltimore. Interesting enough, the restaurant shares the same parking lot with the strip club and I also noticed an adult video located right across the street. Our group came here right before the opening time and there was already a small crowd waiting outside of the restaurant. There are two outdoor unisex restrooms and there was a really strong cigarette smell in either restroom (not very well ventilated). The condiment station has five different sauces (Houes BBQ, Hickory BBQ, Gold BBQ, Sweet BBQ, and the signature Tiger Sauce), pickles, and horseradish.***#52 Chaps Special (Corned Beef, Ham, Beef, Cheese, $9.50): Really, REALLY good beef sandwich - talk about letting meat quality that speaks for itself and Tiger Sauce (super light version of horseradish) made this sandwich even better.Homemade Rice Pudding ($3): Slightly sweet for me, but it tasted like a horchata pudding.I also sampled the gravy fries and gravy tasted a bit light.***This is without a doubt a must-visit eatery in Baltimore and certainly deserves all the attention from the Food Network. I am all in on Chaps Pit Beef!"}, {"review_id": "-rQb6N06XqLeIX2EsLCANw", "user_id": "DWcqseFen5lCCk33qQ0vqA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/6/2018", "text": "First time in, though I've been hearing about this place for years now and have even seen it on TV once. This place sits at what seemed to be a decently busy intersection and shares a parking lot with a gentleman's club that's just steps away. So you could be in for a show and a meal if you're looking for an outing. The shop itself is pretty small and has limited seating, a pretty low frills establishment which is fine with me. I'd rather they be concentrating efforts on the food than making the place pretty. There were several people in line when we showed up but many were exploring the menu so we bypassed them after a quick glance at sides. We knew we were there for the pit beef, it was all that mattered. A young lady greeted us right away when we made it to the order window and promptly took our order. 2 pit beef sammiches, side of mac & cheese, side of green beans, and an order of the chicken wings for exploratory purposes. Once we payed for our gluttony we stepped over to the pick up side where you have full view of the kitchen and cooks. Directly across from the window are all the BBQ sauces, horseradish and other fixins one would need for a good time. The wait wasn't more than 10 mins and we were ready to rock. I was so excited to eat that I took only one of quite possibly the worst pics of food I've ever posted. But hey, the thought was there. I enjoyed every part of that meal and so did my friend. We're definitely planning a return trip for the not so distant future. I suggest gorging there if you haven't already. Prices were fair and meal was really good! Some things to note.. Parking was not the greatest but luckily most people were in and out. Likely due to the limited seating. They did have an outdoor seating area but it was too cold out the afternoon we went. The place is DRAFTY with doors on both ends of a pretty small building. So it was pretty chilly in there, I could see it being pretty hot in the summer also. Not a good place for large groups if planning to stay and dine. Other than that, you simply can't go wrong! Only reason I didn't give it 5 is I'm reserving that last star until after I try some more of the menu offerings."}, {"review_id": "2N_txXmhYmzyb2nZTGZIGw", "user_id": "M-AUZVlu5D2WFru15_Li7Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/3/2018", "text": "Omg, yes..yes...yes..yes! I've been wanting to try this place for years and finally did. My mom was very jealous when I told her I was going. Most triple d joints I visit hike up their prices and service goes down after a big review but not this place. Less than $10 for a scrumptious lunch that left me so stuffed I probably won't need to eat again until tomorrow. I got the bad boy club which I didn't see on the menu but thanks to yelp I knew about it. Seating is limited but somehow we lucked out and got a table right away. I will definitely eat here again and absolutely deserving of the 5 star rating."}, {"review_id": "6fqWHXo52zJjyzFx893uEg", "user_id": "-aYagTh73WKjhfy3AZdvhQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "Cheap simple delicious beef sandwiches. Right in front of a strip club which is interesting but, the food is worth it. Also a large fry is humongous so you probably don't ever need that many fries."}, {"review_id": "fJZ0zfswEE6div2PYFpI4A", "user_id": "m5nKtd7GbI9iicvlWdTe0A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/10/2018", "text": "I love this steakhouse :) I try my best to visit everytime I come to MD.I highly recommend!"}, {"review_id": "R9HNLXl-Px0GM5olG7zvFA", "user_id": "I2xm1Zy9UZOWwaxPfnsksw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/31/2017", "text": "First stop on the TV Foodie Road Trip in 2015 has become an absolute must Year after year. This was not only featured on DDD twice but also on Best Thing I Ever Ate on Foodnetwork. It ain't pretty but you can smell it 2 blocks awhile and it draws you in. Walk up to counter order your pit beef, I know it's hard to choose but first timers should go for straight thin sliced Pit Beef. It's on a perfect rolled and you top it with whatever you want. Raw onion and horseradish is my choice. Pickle, mayo, mustard, bbq sauce are all there to add. I've eaten there at one of the few tables and gotten it to go and it travels well. The pit beef has such a delicate flavor so simple yet you know it's not. Great great spot."}, {"review_id": "H3pqfYMW25lA0_RPru9VSQ", "user_id": "nPSDqvUlFhvpqg_7xYAh0Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/5/2018", "text": "Don't let the exterior fool you!  The pit beef here is amazing!  It deserves all the hype it received on Food Network.  Know what you want to order before stepping up to the window or you may feel intimidated lol.  Order your beef medium rare on a roll with a small order of fries(plenty for two).Dress it with some raw onion and Tiger sauce (horseradish and Mayo combo).  Welcome to Heaven! Fries are amazing with some ketchup on the side.  I absolutely love this original Chaps location.  Shares a parking lot with a strip club for those so inclined :)"}, {"review_id": "Qao1FfJ8abLYvinw7Nu4eQ", "user_id": "esEqU_6pSr0fR74GUa4Xng", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/10/2018", "text": "The pit beef sandwich was good, not blow your mind good, but tasty. I wasn't in love with the sauces. My boyfriend however- LOVED the sandwich and apparently so did Guy Fieri and Andrew Zimmern This place is in a crappy location and driving through bmore to get there made me feel really depressed. Don't let the location deter you, it smells like meat heaven in this joint"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/chaps-pit-beef-baltimore?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]