[[{"review_id": "TIEUu0qvGDPpddxMfpj6AA", "user_id": "1O9agvRZovPupIvI9SyNqg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/18/2018", "text": "Had a long wait for Sunday Brunch for a party of 4, but who isn't busy on a Sunday? Can very well say it was worth it when the food came out. Our table ordered a grilled vegetable sandwich, the Hangover special, and the seafood jambalaya. I personally ordered the hangover special and it was super tasty. I usually hate corn bread, but they had a special jalapeño cornbread that was absolutely delicious, I definitely recommend for corn bread lovers & those who are not! The goat Mac & Cheese was delicious, a new take on Mac & Cheese that I haven't tried. The Hangover special also included eggs any way you wanted. Portion sizes are pretty generous; I ended up taking my leftovers home to eat since there was soo much food, even on a hungry belly. The seafood jambalaya was on the daily specials menu, so it is not available all of the time. I heard from our waiter that the menu is changing, so its good to note that the food we had might not even be available next time around. The chef made it a point to talk to each table even while directing everything at the host desk and kitchen. I personally love restaurants where the chefs come out to interact and ensure your dining experience has been lovely.Quick tips: Expect a long wait, especially during Sunday Brunch because the restaurant itself is small and only seats around 18 people. We gave them our name and cell phone # and walked to Fell's Point during our wait to pass the time. Parking was easy for our party, we just parked on the street. There are surrounding neighborhoods to possibly park in if the exact street is full. Will definitely return again!"}, {"review_id": "dJow9I6GC68q14_TZvaboA", "user_id": "RRBUXaVcvhF-hdjPIA3rsQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "Food was delicious.  Came here last May after final exams with some friends at about 11am.  Though the restaurant endorsed on their signage and web sources that they were open at this time, the staff did not seem prepared to handle any customers at this time.  It took a little while for us to get our drink orders taken, and we had to wait quite a while for food.  The cook ended up taking our orders, while the wait staff was either absent or busy doing something else.Overall, great food.  Service--there is room for improvement."}, {"review_id": "GRegjQiKWvyz5NKy4k0xKQ", "user_id": "uvjs8YWrGJWqE_umbBLElQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/23/2018", "text": "I've been trying to come here for years and continually put it off because of the long wait times. Expect that going in and just walk around fells in the interim! We waited for an hour and a half for a Sunday morning table for three.My friends loved their meals (omelette and hangover breakfast). I had the sweet potato polenta and wouldn't get it again. It tasted too healthy for my brunch liking and only made me envious of other orders around me that looked far more appetizing. It was lacking in the flavor and was weighted down by how dense the polenta was. The drinks, however, were all delicious. The chai latte tastes like the warmest most comforting thing to drink before bed. The hot chocolate and cocktails are just aesthetically pleasing in itself. It's odd that there are not bathrooms. Also that they would be sweeping, mopping, and bleaching the floors at 12:30 on a Sunday morning. That definitely did not add anything to the experience and could definitely be saved for when the restaurant isn't packed.I did not enjoy my food choice but want to return and try something else. I only hope next time they aren't cleaning so I can enjoy the atmosphere and deliciousness. I know everyone else loves it here and I really want to too."}, {"review_id": "6qg0E5D_EkV3g3MpX9K8EQ", "user_id": "IYXwMk58gYevL5xOCsuhkQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/5/2018", "text": "Limited tight seating. I did not make a reservation & waited about 20 minutes Sunday at 1pm. Not that bad. They want you to wait to be seated instead of stealing tables as they become empty, but there's no sign saying so, which made for some angry guests, 2 parties argued with the gentleman running the show at the counter about it at 2 separate times. There is no bathroom. Not sure how they get away with this unless it's because they are technically a catering establishment. The food & drinks are bright, vibrant, creative & divine. I can not say enough about the food. There is nothing bad on the menu. Everything around us also looked amazing & everyone was raving. The service is really subpar. We were seated at a dirty table. The waitress was really pleasant but she writes nothing down & then constantly delivers wrong food to the wrong tables. It is very busy & things are chaotic so you  better ask for a refill on your drink or anything needed when your food is delivered or you're just not getting it. In fact several people left with items they were given to-go because they did not get them when they should have while dining. It gets a little weird when it's time to pay, you get handed a little tablet & get told how to swipe your card even though I said I was paying cash. Then they left the tablet with me for a good 7-8 minutes where I could have edited my own or others bills. I would still recommend it for the amazing food but you just have to know what you're getting into to enjoy & have a good time! Enjoy!"}, {"review_id": "LOpGXa3UyhMfv5gUZ67AjA", "user_id": "hDGoHzlGwspqlE_UkZ2Vtw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/22/2018", "text": "The pulled pork sandwich was really amazing! The pork was tender and was very tasty and the texture was spectacular. I highly recommend this item. I also ordered the London fog, which I thought was too sweet. The restaurant was small and quaint and I would definitely recommend coming here. I would love to visit again and try the other menu items.There is free street parking up and down the restaurant."}, {"review_id": "VCW7WNKHqJA2vtHckQ4Vog", "user_id": "gd1J0yPw9PPqGN-O6PUOUg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/26/2018", "text": "Very small cafe with limited seating - make a reservation ahead of time or opt for takeout if possible. Also, I have to agree with Christine L... slow service, only average food. My friend and I waited around 40 minutes to be seated and 20-30 for our food. I wasn't sure what took so long for a plate of fresh fruit and two salmon benedicts to be made, but service seemed slow all around and when we asked where our food was, our server had no idea what we ordered. The smoked salmon benedicts were extremely salty and overseasoned. The fish tasted like precut, vacuum-packed grocery store salmon. Honestly I came here with higher expectations because of the Yelp ratings but the overall experience was a bit of a disappointment."}, {"review_id": "Xs2-5v9qdmtvzyldeMMB7g", "user_id": "qG9znyIMOcetZhtlewrIEg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/21/2017", "text": "The moment I got to Baltimore I heard people telling me how good water for chocolate is. I finally got to try it, and they were right! The menu is not your typical breakfast/lunch food. The menu is pretty eclectic, ranging from BBQ shrimp and grits to risotto fritters with prosciutto. I ordered the iced coffee which I LOVED because their ice cubes were made with coffee. I haven't seen another place that does this, and it was great because the coffee never got diluted as the ice melted. I also got the BBQ shrimp and grits which were incredible. Every other time I've ordered shrimp and grits, the grits have been relatively soupy but not here. The shrimp were cooked perfectly, and the sauce was delicious. The jalapeño cornbread also was amazing. Can't say enough good things about this place!"}, {"review_id": "OFVHAFue-qWxYPuXzKfBXw", "user_id": "5w_qHUfHnlPUoMOHoKo5Cw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/27/2018", "text": "My favorite book and now fave restaurant ! Service excellent , servers beautiful  and food ...delicious ! Outside seating was adorable . I suggested a few umbrellas for the warm weather , but by far one of my new faves for brunch !"}, {"review_id": "RLlKXudEJZbpGGgtaguXhw", "user_id": "Dn6zGa9HXNLr3a71PhMySg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/16/2018", "text": "The food here was BOMB. Omg so good. So so good. Worth the wait. We had a wait of over an hour and walked around and enjoyed the nice day. It's very small and there's really no space to wait. But god the food is good and reasonably priced. Only thing I didn't enjoy was the beignets which really aren't beignets by any means but we're tasty nonetheless. Still could skip it. Soup and everything else was really  good. We found the service was fine and friendly. Was very happy with how fast we got our food too.  You have to walk through the kitchen for the bathroom but whatever. Embrace it."}, {"review_id": "qq72Bp4v-4bvtb2o35aTuw", "user_id": "TbOTdU7ZlAdlvqgmTfY3CQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/27/2018", "text": "I decided to try something different today.  The blackened Mahi-Mahi with cauliflower rice and parmesan spinach was out of this world.  It was a mouth full of flavors bursting all over the place.  I saw cranberries and wasn't too sure about it.  It actually gave the meal an extra pop of flavor.  The mah-mahi had just the right amount of spice to it.  Definitely a pleasant surprise that will become amongst my favorites.  My first time having cauliflower rice so this will be hard to follow.  Chef Sean really  knows how to put a flavorful meal together.   He's the best!"}, {"review_id": "_vjU4hQ-MsJlz_8uLkt8sg", "user_id": "X5ROp2mgbWIIhAv3EJNatw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/19/2017", "text": "Awesome, but tiny, place!! Please manage your expectations going in. They seat about 15-20 ppl, so if you come here, just know you'll probably wait for a table (if it's during a peak time). But also know, it'll be WORTH IT!!The service from the start was on point. Walk up to the counter to put your name down, and leave you're number too. They will cal when the table is ready (which allows you to wait in your car if it's cold out). Very polite service. The wait was shorter than stated (25 min wait on a Sunday brunch ended up being about 15 mins). Seated next to the door, which again, understanding how small the place is, was just fine. Attended to right away, drinks then food order. Food seemed to take a reasonable amount of time, but was chatting away, so didn't realize how long it actually wasPortions are huge!!! I got the stuffed omelette (with veggies) with the potatoes and cornbread. The veggies in the omelette were cut and sautéed perfectly. Cheese wasn't too heavy. The potatoes could have been a bit softer, but taste was right on. The jalapeño cornbread was amazing. I got a corner piece, so I chalked up the bit of dryness to that, but even still - if I had 3 pieces, I would have finished all of them!!As small as the place was, we never felt rushed, even at the end. I will definitely be back to try out more on the menu!!"}, {"review_id": "XZ4BE3vJURPtpYqDsG7QVA", "user_id": "FmUfnp2_-DShx_FxuTVkMA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/17/2017", "text": "A friend tagged WFC in an instagram post and the mere photo of food made me drool enough to drive up to Baltimore. When we finally got there, to this cute quaint little hole in the wall, the menu sounded so amazing we ordered three entrées: sweet potato polenta, pork quesidillas, and chipotle maple salmon with goat mac and cheese and brussel sprouts. I had to force myself to stop eating, it was so amazing, my body was full but I wanted to keep indulging. The burst of fresh flavors, the unique ingredients, and the combinations with sides were scrumptious. I wish I was closer so I could run through every menu item..I will say table service was a bit awkward, we wanted wine but after the sample the guy never got back around for us to order it but the food was enough so it worked out in the end. And he was going to honor an expired coupon, that would have been nice!"}, {"review_id": "vxngDvwEVRAJB_ADCPOuwQ", "user_id": "XAo5ZzOxhNj_Bz7X0ofjyA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "9/29/2017", "text": "Brunch and the service at Water for Chocolate were very underwhelming for us. We waited an hour to be seated and then an additional 40+ minutes for our food to arrive at our table. It doesn't take that long to prepare an omelette and an eggs benedict. It turned out our dishes were already prepared, but the waiters had failed to bring them to our table in a timely manner. By the time our food came, it was barely warm and bordering cold. We were willing to overlook the poor service but when we started eating, we both agreed that the food also was not deserving of its price and high Yelp reviews.  It tasted like something I could make at home (or even something I used to have in my college dormitory!) and it was completely incomparable to brunch in the Bay Area, CA. We also sat at an outside table - terrible decision, because we were competing with the flies for our food...I would not come here again."}, {"review_id": "hHmS_jvR0yz5p7WCo08KCA", "user_id": "Il5rEF1q73uT-kzGoXIy_w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/11/2017", "text": "Great neighborhood brunch spot in Baltimore! I visited on a Sunday morning and we were able to call ahead and put our name on the list. When we arrived 15-20 minutes later, we only had to wait a few minutes for a table. This restaurant is very small and popular, so expect a wait if you go at prime time on a weekend. We were lucky to get an outdoor table because it was a beautiful day and the inside looked a little cramped.My table of 4 ordered 4 coffees and 4 separate brunch dishes. Our choices were: the stuffed omelette, the sweet potato polenta, the risotto fritters, and the hangover special. First of all, all of the dishes were HUGE! We definitely shouldn't have gotten 4 dishes because we weren't able to finish all of the food.The sweet potato polenta was my favorite dish. It was served with eggs, grilled veggies, goat cheese, and balsamic vinegar. Wow was it delicious! The sweetness of the sweet potato worked perfectly with the creaminess of the goat cheese, the egg, and the veggies.The stuffed omelette - comes stuffed with veggies and meat. I chose to get the meat on the side, which was good because I didn't end up liking their turkey sausage very much. I really enjoyed this dish as well! The omelette was FULL of delicious grilled vegetables and came with a side of potatoes and jalapeno cornbread. I really really liked the cornbread!The risotto fritters - I didn't think that this dish had much flavor but my dining companions really enjoyed it. I liked the side salad that came with it a lot.The hangover special - I only tried the goat cheese mac and cheese which was good! My friend really enjoyed this dish and it was HUGE. She couldn't even finish half of it!Overall I really enjoyed my meal! The food all tasted very fresh and the portions were huge. The owner was very friendly and made us feel welcome. The one thing I found a little weird about the restaurant was that you had to walk through the kitchen to get to the bathroom. Not just next to a prepping station but I walked next to women cutting up and cooking huge pieces of meat. Seemed a little strange to me. While this seemed strange to me I really enjoyed my meal and I'll be back the next time I'm in Baltimore!Food - 4 starsPrice - 4 starsService - 4 starsAtmosphere - 3 stars"}, {"review_id": "wYStz82fq-RsMHpKNP_xtw", "user_id": "OykrtXlzAs8u-tgQOgeeSQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/15/2017", "text": "Adorable corner restaurant in Upper Fells. Unpretentious but renowned enough to lure in celebs (I think Queen Latifah was spotted here?!?). W4C is operated out of a rowhouse; it's a tiny place and seats about a dozen in the foyer. I always love the smells wafting from their kitchen as I walk to school. It's a true neighborhood joint and local artists' photos decorate the walls. There's some outdoor seating that wraps along the Wolfe Street side of the restaurant, which is usually bustling with brunchers on sunny weekends. Their food is hearty and wholesome. Ingredients are fresh -- I've never received any dry or wilted veg suck into my meals. Their various sides run ~$5 and sandwiches are ~$9. W4C does have some fancier entrees, including fish fillets and steaks (~$18), but I haven't been for any of their larger meals. If I'm ever in need of a warm, no-frills sandwich and a bowl of mac, W4C is my front runner. My favourite item is, no contest, the goat cheese mac. It's a $5 side, which I've sometimes just ordered on its own or in a double portion. The mac is creamy and mellow, but the goat cheese adds a note of tartness. I don't think I've had a meal at W4C where I haven't either ordered the mac as a side or for take-out. Due to the restaurant's size, seating can be a bit of a hassle; weekend mornings and workday lunches can be a jam (Hopkins Hospital folks sometimes run down here for a bite). There's been a few times my friends and I have been too late for brunch (without a long wait). However, at off-hours, I've never had a problem grabbing an indoor spot."}, {"review_id": "zHFhSmX23ag8vubtunXbYQ", "user_id": "x1MJQV6BWI8B7UvPMkCE8Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/20/2018", "text": "Really surprised I didn't do a review on this gem of a place.  I went on last year for an impromptu brunch with friends.  I got the French Toast and a side of bacon.  Both were really good and service was friendly as well as professional.  The vibe is very welcoming not hr entire small but comfortable establishment.  The owner took the time to talk to us and his beautiful daughter was our server."}, {"review_id": "GQICSlN0KAeU18oqXeA5hw", "user_id": "xD4cyD7Qw9-Y0_Lem-sWag", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/17/2018", "text": "For my birthday, I always go to different places around town for breakfast/brunch. This year we went to Water for chocolate! I have looked at the menu before, but never had the chance to actually come in and try until today. It is a very small corner restaurant which makes it very cozy. Luckily it was a weekday and snowing so it wasn't packed but I'm sure on a weekend it is impossible to get a seat here! The Menu was not too big, but the items on it sounded absolutely delicious. The owner and chef was very kind to us from the moment we walked in, and was able to help serve us as soon as we sat down. It was so hard to decide what to get!I ordered the Raisin Bread French toast. I love raisin bread in general so this just sounded great. It came with creme anglaise and fresh fruit on top. It was so good!!! I am always a savory person when it comes to brunches but I had to go with the sweet option today and I was so satisfied! I also ordered hot tea. The person I was with ordered the stuffed omelet with roasted potatoes and jalapeño cornbread. You had the choice to put different options for meat inside of the omelet along with vegetables and cheese, she chose turkey sausage. Her omelet was very big and stuffed was a good description! I was lucky enough to have a few bites of hers and everything was delicious. The cornbread was fresh and soft, potatoes were large pieces and delicious, and the omelet was really flavorful and it was all filling! We were so curious about the other options on the menu, it all looked fantastic. they had several specials that we were tempted to get as well. That being said we will be coming back here!"}, {"review_id": "sCqsv-IGBQY6urXP2u3C9w", "user_id": "kDla1sOaq5KdPjqiMKEFpw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "8/5/2017", "text": "This place is a neighborhood gem but there were a few things that I was not impressed about. There is limited seating inside (seats about 18 people) but in general, the food and prices are ideal. I ordered the stuffed omelette with jalapeno cornbread and potatoes, and my boyfriend got the BBQ shrimp and grits. He loved his dish and scraped his plate clean. I was disappointed that the stuffed omelette didn't blow me away; it felt a bit dry and under-seasoned.My boyfriend also ordered a iced coffee, but he got a Coke instead. Luckily he didn't immediately add milk to that drink, otherwise that would have tasted funky. He didn't really care enough to tell the waiter about the mistake though.Overall, I really wish they had more waiters. Service was slow and we waited a while before I could get a to-go box and pay for our meal. The owner was pretty much the only person working the floor (indoors and outdoors) so it got a bit busy for 1 person. Since seating was limited, I didn't want to hold up for other customers to get their food."}, {"review_id": "iWBRfFRkHJuAsLZX4rDZFw", "user_id": "ANZqySo7aWPL_eum6CF5CA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/9/2018", "text": "Not a lot of chocolate on the menu despite it's name, BUT it does have a lot of good sandwiches and brunch options. My friend got a breakfast burrito, I got a tilapia sandwich and it was amazing .  Nothing fancy, what we got was simple but done right. Our server was friendly and attentive as well.  Definitely would recommend checking this place out if you're in the area!"}, {"review_id": "NidZvfi82YS0kVpa3rcnIw", "user_id": "stgxUxQz9JjW3CxCZfH4Ww", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/18/2017", "text": "WOW! Hands down, Water for Chocolate is the best restaurant near Johns Hopkins Hospital! I got their Blackened Tilapia sandwich and it was excellent. With so many high quality ingredients it makes me wonder how they got the price down to only $9! I'm sure if you went anywhere else this could have easily cost $14! Let me get back to the taste though lol. The tilapia was seasoned perfectly and it was complimented by their spicy aioli sauce. The brioche bun they use is excellent too! I highly recommend this place if you are in the area! I give them 10/10 for taste, and value!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/water-for-chocolate-baltimore?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]