[[{"review_id": "7Pe2Ef5vR0xNm5VZAYWtAg", "user_id": "dIl3tET43JAFkDE0FgH56Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/7/2018", "text": "It's been 15 years since I have been to Roy's in Hawaii.I was a little nervous that it would not come close to the original experience but I will say Baltimore hit it just right. I had salmon with spicy tuna appetizer that was delicious accompanied by cucumber saki. For main I had the black Cod with bokchoy, it was perfectly cooked and delicious.The real stand out is the chocolate suffle. With out a doubt the beast I ever had.Well done Roy's I'm a customer for life"}, {"review_id": "Dq0sjrwyftonIOmUQ3yeRQ", "user_id": "HFUX-gE34F-xDz_zpUK1Cg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "Had an opportunity to come to Roy's recently.  Located in a prime location right near the Inner Harbor/Harbor East, it's proximity to movie theaters, shopping, et. al. make it a great night out.It's a mixed blend of American, seafood, asian, sushi, and hawaiian.  Interesting concept.  I feel like most of the food items work, some definitely don't though.  They also have a wide variety of cocktails and specialty drinks.The $$$ could be a big determining factor for some.  It's definitely not on the cheaper side, but it's definitely worth it for that one \"special\" night of the month.Overall, I'd recommend and go again."}, {"review_id": "cXoUaRDJMorgLM6ut3Mrnw", "user_id": "pzb_WbDQMucybjNBtO9qJg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/31/2018", "text": "I took my wife here for her birthday after making the reservation online noting that it was my wife's birthday.  The hostess greeted us immediately and wished my wife a happy birthday.  Arriving at the table,  there was a small card waiting for my wife.  Then, when the waitress came over, she too wished my wife a happy birthday.  The service was excellent as well as the meal.  The waitress took a photo of us that was printed and inserted into the card from the table.  A free birthday dessert concluded our night.Overall, the food was very good and the service was even better."}, {"review_id": "sP3sBKA4SxH9zA-YXGvG_A", "user_id": "1zy9ctyNZxT_BbZOVU2bJA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "I absolutely loved the steak dinner I had here! Every bite of it was perfect! The crust on it was delicious, and the lobster Mac and cheese that went with it was to die for! I also had a Hawaiian martini, and the chocolate soufflé with raspberry coulis and vanilla ice cream. I was staying at the Marriott so it was within walking distance thankfully cause parking is expensive there, however if you're planning on being there for more than an hour (and if you want to relax and enjoy your dinner you will be) than valet is the way to go for sure! Or just get an uber so no one has to be a designated driver and enjoy those martinis! Definitely a special occasion dinner given the prices but the food is delicious and the service incredible!"}, {"review_id": "7onrDKji4xqfE1z0tw68gQ", "user_id": "hVrtMGdso_eAaqv7svjDmg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/25/2018", "text": "This was very first experience at an Hawaiian fusion restaurant. I really enjoyed my experience here!!My friend was celebrating her birthday and chose this as her go to place. The restaurant is located at the end of President Street, near other restaurants and hotels. You can find parking garages in the area, but I highly suggest parking in the Four Seasons parking garage. The restaurant will validate parking for $5. Our group had reservations for 2 pm, which was during brunch. The brunch menu is limited but there are still some good options. I believe brunch can be ordered up until 3 pm. To start off, I ordered an Ebi Roll. So delicious!! It's shrimp tempura with a slice of avocado and a small piece of mango that gave it a little sweetness. Next, I had a half portion of the Hibachi Grilled Salmon. It came with pickled veggies and rice that sat on a small layer of Japanese Citrus Sauce. Yummy!! I wish I had ordered the full portion. I know better for next time. I wanted more than I had in front of me. Some of the other ladies in the group ordered the Braised Short Ribs, a Wagyu Burger and an omelet that included crab meat and shrimp. Everyone's food looked so delicious and eye appealing. We all enjoyed our meals. It is safe to say that I will return to check out other items on the menu."}, {"review_id": "V6sRjfzmZGTevpTXYa-GYA", "user_id": "6klswkccnO6jBFKJkZJgig", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/17/2018", "text": "I had reservations at another restaurant for my birthday celebration but changed my plans at the last minute. I was able to quickly make new reservations through Open Table.I had never been to Roys although it's been here in Maryland for quite awhile. When we arrived, the waitress took us immediately to our table. FoodLobster potstickers- Yummy. The miso butter sauce was rich and delish!Crispy chicken Spring rolls- just ok. I would not order these again Entree-Roy's Trio- The grilled salmon was good. I was not a big fan of the butterfish. The flavor was good but i didn't love the texture . The Ahi Tuna was very fresh. I don't think i would order this again although all of the dishes were very flavorful.Mashed potatoes- very food. Rich and creamyAsparagus- not great . A bit too undercooked for me Perhaps my favorite item was the Pineapple Upside down cake. The waiter explained while we were having our entree that this dessert required 20 minutes to prepare , (made fresh, yummm)... so i was super anxious to try this. The cake was warm and tropical. It doesn't taste like your mamas pineapple upside down cake. The coconut ice cream set it off. Drink- Hawaiian Martini- Strong and yummy!! Service was fantastic. I love that the waiter took a picture for my birthday and also presented me with a photo that the waiter took. I enjoyed aspects of this meal and the atmosphere is very nice. But i think i expected a bit more. It was a pricey dinner and it was really just ok.If i come back, it would probably be for HH or Restaurant week. S"}, {"review_id": "gUdpOCi_gKZwZxI92wTVNg", "user_id": "1_aWNbm6gEgV_Lme_lZ3NQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "1/20/2018", "text": "This restaurant is in a nice location. But, i don't know if I would go back. I feel like the restaurant is a bit confused. They have a lot of Asian influences in their dishes. However, they don't really know where they are going with it. It's like they don't really know how to cook authentic Asian dishes and they are trying to mimic Asian food. It's a bit odd. I went for restaurant week and expected a better spread. However, as far as if you're super hungry and don't know where to go, I would recommend this place. It's one of those places that would be okay if you were hungry. Also, FYI portions are small. So you need to order a few dishes."}, {"review_id": "hqoG-ftT5NQlpMF9uKht8g", "user_id": "D7dRP5XyPCLW4AtnXOdxRg", "rating": 1.0, "date": "5/1/2018", "text": "Meh. Bleh. This Roy's is truly over rated, over priced and really poor quality food. I ordered the happy hour sushi rolls. That stuff was worse than buffet quality and you can tell that the fish is something they should have already been in the garbage. So I pretty much did not touch those rolls. Told the server and she didn't offer to take it back. I didn't push either because she seems like a nice person. So I ordered the dinner plate for the butterfish. That dish cost over 40 dollar and the black cod was soaked in sweet soy sauce but the fish was definitely of poor quality.  I expected better because Roy's in Hawaii Waikiki was really good."}, {"review_id": "D-qnbzOHCz3qagHKjxquTw", "user_id": "HHtpT4T_a-8LHjLIs6tHvg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/4/2017", "text": "I came here for the first time with my husband to celebrate our two year anniversary. My husband had made reservations for 5:30. They didn't know it was our anniversary so it was nice that we happened to be put in a room separate than the open dining area and were the only table there for the majority of our dinner. Our server Tracie was welcoming and made us feel especially special after I had mentioned we were celebrating our anniversary. We started off with the lobster potstickers. For our entrees, my husband ordered the Braised Short Ribs of Beef with broccolini and mashed potatoes. He said it was tender and that you would be able to shred it with a fork. He is generally a harsh critic and gave it a 9 out of 10. I ordered the Shellfish Sampler (Lobster Tail, Seared Sea Scallops, Teppanyaki Shrimp, Creamy Jasmine Rice). It also came with Asparagus, but I asked to substitute it with Sautéed Mushrooms. Additionally, since I don't like Curry sauce I asked what I could substitute my entree with. Tracie asked the kitchen and they suggested the Lobster Cream Sauce which was delightful. Some servers might have been annoyed with my requests, but Tracie didn't make me feel like I was being a nuisance.I loved my succulent entree. It was perfection! For dessert, we shared the Roy's Melting Hot Chocolate Souffle which was decadent and to die for. If I weren't trying to maintain my weight, I would have ordered another one or licked the plate clean. When I asked Tracie to take our photo with our dessert which was decorated with \"Happy Anniversary\" she took our photo with her camera which I wasn't sure why. Ryan Jones, one of the managers, came out to check on us and to wish us a Happy Anniversary. He gave us his business card and said the next time we visit we could reach out to him.After we got our bill, Tracie had given us a card with our photo in it. I was very moved. What a nice gesture from the restaurant to celebrate a special occasion. Our dessert was also complimentary. They really made us feel like VIPs. This will be my go to place to celebrate special occasions and everything in between. Cheers!"}, {"review_id": "Jhljfish65oKhadG6Gpr3g", "user_id": "2NjZ_sVNRGk96-iRUfZxDA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "10/10/2017", "text": "This restaurant continues to be consistent on good food, good service, and a nice atmosphere.Beautiful dining area and bar scene. I often frequent this restaurant for work related dinners and it's always a great time. Located in beautiful Harbor East in Baltimore City, walking distance to the Harbor  (literally under 100 feet), convienient competitively priced valet parking. Clean bathrooms w stylish decor and a fantastic staff to top it off!Check out my food pics w descriptions!... not 1 complaint, very pleased!"}, {"review_id": "Qb99KRjqfFotLJT3uhtNug", "user_id": "1blZv0nCRKWXjZE22CjWSw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Went there for my daughter's birthday and it was phenomenal. The service was impeccable, the food was amazing. I had a New York Strip...perfection. And the pineapple upside down cake...wow!!  I would go back there anytime."}, {"review_id": "leh1K4Ni-W-AyERsgStn1w", "user_id": "AgIcMFN_3IH_4B3GgWLBTg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/14/2018", "text": "Cannot read enough about Roy's restaurant! We just love this place. The butterfish is awesome and that's usually what we get. Tonight we tried something new with the shrimp and udon noodles, as well as the Ahi Tuna. Both were just outstanding. And yet we're not surprised."}, {"review_id": "ZQ1tZ66anV_FoYzE2zdlGg", "user_id": "U3JxaX3TySooO7JHndcnHQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/19/2017", "text": "I really wish I could re-live this meal.While visiting Baltimore with a group of friends we decided to have a fancy dinner at Roy's and I am so glad we did. Everything about this experience was spot on. We made a reservation and were taken right to our seats. Our server was very attentive, professional and knowledgeable of the menu.We ordered several appetizers and passed them around the table. We tried several sushi rolls and the potstickers. All were excellent. I decided to order a signature cocktail (1988) but didn't like it. When I asked the server for a glass of wine instead he took the cocktail away without question, replaced it and took it off my bill. I appreciate that kind of customer service. The highlight of the meal was my entree. I ordered the Grilled Filet Mignon & Teppanyaki Shrimp which was served with Yukon Mash, Shiso Bearnaise, asparagus, broccoli, carrot and beets. Oh. My. God. I can honestly say that this Filet Mignon was the best steak itI have ever had. I have never had a steak that was so tender and buttery. I would highly recommend this entree because (although everyone enjoyed their meals) everyone at my table were envious of me! Lastly, we were celebrating my friends birthday and they brought her a complimentary desert with a candle. :)I would highly recommend Roy's if you are looking for an upscale dining experience in Baltimore."}, {"review_id": "7hSglvtJ_LcNAXSdEm4ZHg", "user_id": "FSuV2GkFECZ3FPLd-cPjiQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "8/8/2017", "text": "Roys was a cool place. I think that since the last time that I been the menu has changed. I was looking for the hamburger with the fried egg on the menu but I didn't see it. I had the crab rice and the sushi. I didn't love the sushi but the crab rice was really good. I was sad about happy hour. You can only take advantage of it if you are sitting at the bar. I have been to Roy's at least three times but I only get to go once a year.It was my cousin birthday and I want to say the manager personally came over to wish her a happy birthday and personalize her experience at Roy's. Our waiter Mikey was good as well too."}, {"review_id": "G0rhxbxZQsbggFXYmTtfaw", "user_id": "MzZAVAxMK3EiePWxMSH5Jg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "8/16/2017", "text": "Roy's took great care of us for my grandmother's birthday celebration. I was the first to arrive so I sat at the bar and ordered sushi, which I received within five minutes of placing the order; however, the aloha roll fell short of expectations.For my main entree I ordered the braised short rib because, based on yelp reviews, it's a popular dish; I was not disappointed. The meat was very tender, the honey mustard glaze complimented it perfectly, and the mashed potatoes were like edible clouds.The service was impeccable thanks to our server, Caitlyn, and the very attentive manager who checked on me while I was at the bar and also visited the table. However, I am reluctant to give five stars because of the disappointing sushi and the fact that the complimentary edamame we requested at the beginning arrived simultaneously with our meal. A fantastic experience nonetheless!"}, {"review_id": "baDviHn4V75n70DIU0w6Qg", "user_id": "8VFrQWx-JOi6swgP4aYi2Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/3/2018", "text": "What an awesome place! I was visiting Baltimore for work and attended a group dinner here. The braised ribs were so good and the blackened ahi was just as great! The rice was interesting but very good. The pineapple upside down cake was very tasty, pairing well with the coconut ice cream. I did order the bacon Bloody Mary and the \"bacon\" was a fun touch. I'm not too keen on having myBloody look like a Vegas attraction but it was very good. The only downside was the time it took to get our food however we were a large group. I will definitely visit again when I visit Baltimore."}, {"review_id": "qs_MambaMyTs3q72CaliNw", "user_id": "zCPwzCLamZBakEJ7q46FbA", "rating": 2.0, "date": "5/18/2017", "text": "Roy's is in a nice location in Baltimore, has valet, a nice ambiance, and superb service. However, the food is just meh - especially considering the very high price tag. You'll spend bout $75 per person if you come for appetizers, drinks, and entree. The service is a 5 star all the way. We had such a great server when we visited for Mother's Day Dinner. Very informative about the menu items and was very detailed and honest about each item.  We were limited to the Mother's Day menu but settled on:APPETIZEREbi Roll - mehLobster California Roll - noLobster Bisque - okay(we were told that the Lobster Potstickers weren't ideal as the texture of the lobster doest go well with the potsticker)ENTREEMisoyaki \"Butterfish\" - pretty good Grilled Filet Mignon & Teppanyaki Shrimp - meh on the shrimpBraised Short Ribs of Beef** - very very good!!!!DRINKSParadise Found -  interesting taste with layers of flavor1988 - pretty goodThe sushi rolls were similar to what you would buy in the neighborhood grocery store. Not high on the flavorful sushi scale, but okay. Just as the waiter noted with the Lobster Potsticker - the same thing applied to the Lobster California Roll. The texture of the lobster just did not blend well with the rest of the roll. The sauce on the Ebi Roll was pretty great even though the roll itself was basic. The lobster bisque was pretty good. Most places make it too salty. This was just right. I ordered The Butterfish was pretty good. Nice and tender, but nothing to write home about. Certainly not worth the $39. I sampled my mom's and dad's plates. Didn't get a taste of the Filet Mignon but the teppanyaki shrimp was overcooked and flavorless. The shrimp I make at home is a lot better with homemade seafood boil. The Braised Short Ribs of Beef was very very good. Extremely tender. Extremely flavorful. Loved it!The Paradise Found comes in a pineapple shaped canister. I though that was a lovely touch. I never had a drink that tasted quite like it before. Very interesting but good. You can taste everything in it (pineapple, ginger, lime, almond)- a lot layers of flavor.  The 1988 was strong and tasty. Although the service and establishment was great, and I thoroughly enjoyed myself, the food for the price is not near enough to bring me back again."}, {"review_id": "C8sQdAsNAWc8XGU4JVaSEg", "user_id": "0ghta1zDfCydfA1XUXvu2Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/30/2017", "text": "We came in for brunch to celebrate my mother's 60th birthday, what a wonderful experience! The hostesses and manager who greeted us were extremely friendly and genuinely welcoming. It is always such a pleasure to see smiles up front so our first impression was great. We were seated by the windows and it was our lucky day because we had the entire restaurant to ourselves! We had an infant with us so they have a kid's menu, which is $12.95 for a three course meal. :)Us adults started with mimosas, bloody marys (with pepperoni sausage straws!), and lobster potstickers. So delicious. We ordered the crab & lobster omelette which gets an A for both taste and presentation, the steak & eggs which gets an A+ for having kimchi and a perfectly cooked deliciously tasting steak, and the braised short rib (full order) which also gets an A+ for the meat being so good it fell apart as you ate it. Our server was so sweet!! (he was a red head - forgot his name forgive us!) But he made my Mom's birthday extra special by taking a photo of us, putting it in a card for memory, and giving her a lava cake dessert free of charge. Thank you so much! Can't wait to come back and would definitely recommend this place to anyone and everyone :)"}, {"review_id": "ozqQOlMb6dKDSll7X3wcrQ", "user_id": "GEEKbZDuZ8SpYw_algUXkg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "amazzzzzzing!! That's the only word for the food at this restaurant. The only thing that would make this restaurant better if the portions were american standard size but I enjoy good food and I don't mind paying for quality."}, {"review_id": "SUPWmNWvr7l3sSy9t1FL7Q", "user_id": "vXmjGLFtlKBG0CzW0d-M_g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/25/2017", "text": "So I had been to this place before with a bunch of folks and a few wanted to visit again. You know when that happens the food has got to be good. On this visit, I tasted a drink that featured Appleton Rum (for those that don't know, that is a Jamaican rum and I know about that stuff). Polynesian Passion, is what it was called - a mix of Appleton Estate 12 Year Old Jamaican Rum, Don Q Coconut Rum and Passion Fruit. When I got it, I could smell the rum before tasting it and it was good...nice big mug too...yep. Can't say more about that, but that you need to try it yourself - be gentle with it and it will be gentle back to you.For appetizers under the \"hot\" section (vs cold), I got their Crispy Chicken Spring Rolls - they are a nice size and it comes with Dragon Sauce - you will need to ask the server what that is. I don't think I tasted any chicken. It was more like regular spring rolls to me and so I didn't favor it as much as when I first ordered it, but I did eat a few of them.For the main course, I got the Braised Short Ribs of Beef. It is listed in the section titled \"From the Farm\" and it is described as a Wagyu New York Steak with Natural Braising Sauce, Honey Mustard, Yukon Mash (think of a form of mashed potatoes) and Broccolini. Not only did this dish look good, it tasted delicious too - the steak being easy to cut (melt in your mouth) and the Yukon Mash was tasty.I didn't really pay attention to what others got at my table - that can happen at times when your food and your drink is real good."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/roys-restaurant-baltimore-3?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]