[[{"review_id": "nI0sxxCUT9-hQjBzPcaAWQ", "user_id": "0cHEkFahUqJiobK3vo8BbA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Having lived in Baltimore for over ten years, I always love making the trip up I-95 to bum around the old neighborhoods, and today's trip to Fells Point was an incredibly delicious one, taking us to Blue Moon Café near the corner of Aliceanna and Broadway. The place is classic Baltimore, in an old row house with a rather eclectic style to it, turning out what just might be the best breakfast in town.Let's start with the classics... my buddy said that his western omelette was amazingly good, packed with diced ham, green peppers, and onions, covered with cheese and served with a big side of crispy hash browns. He was amazed at how the omelette retained its heat, steam escaping from the omelette every time he cut through it with his fork, down to the last bite. The biscuits and gravy were true to southern tradition, two homemade biscuits covered with a smoky country sausage gravy, with a generous amount of sausage in the gravy. (Was that sage and thyme I tasted in that gravy? Mmmm...)Now, to the items most people come for... first, the Cap'n Crunch French Toast. This is a beautiful breakfast dish, the French toast topped with fruit, freshly made whipped cream, and a dash of cinnamon. The level of sweetness in this French toast is perfect - put down the syrup and eat it exactly as served!  Then, the dish that indeed will make you say \"Sweet Baby Jesus\":  a foundation of hash browns covered with fresh jumbo lump crab meat, Old Bay seasoning, diced tomatoes, cheddar cheese, two eggs made your way, cream cheese, and their house hollandaise sauce that packs a bit of a kick. You'd look at that ingredient list and think that this combination of things shouldn't ever be put together, but believe me, this is genious and makes for an incredibly tasty breakfast, hence its name. It's huge, too... I took half of mine home and had it for dinner!The only negative is the wait - 45 minutes for us on a Saturday a little after noontime, so the best strategy is to just put your name on the list, go for a short walk, then check back in after about a half-hour or so. We noticed that the restaurant quieted down a bit around 1:45-ish, so if you can hold off until a bit later, you should be able to snag a table pretty quickly.True to their tag line, this is one bad-ass breakfast place, serving up great dishes, piping hot Zeke's coffee from the Lauraville neighborhood right up the street, and friendly (and a bit sassy) service, making for a great start to the day. Come hungry!"}, {"review_id": "JLyaWwHyiXlgpKc2qq3TpQ", "user_id": "Rmbmt-p0cAs6oYVyQLiorg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "Deeeelish! When we arrived around 10:30, the wait was a hour. So we killed time sitting in the car. The  best suggestion I have about waiting is setting a timer walk around and come back. They were pretty spot on with their wait times, however it's easy to not hear your name. It's VERY tiny inside the place, so there is a lot of squeezing by and \"excuse me's.\" The inside is really chill, cute decorations and they even sell t-shirts (I think). We ordered out food and it definitely did not take long to arrive. Would I go again? Yes! The French toast was good, scrapple was awesome and even the bacon was crispy how I like it. The waitress we had was soooooo nice! Everyone in there had great attitudes and everyone had a job, which I think help make the process runs so smoothly."}, {"review_id": "GIr1A9Wum-ubncqgcjfvRg", "user_id": "2BM2l4TgQ3PZTdEbEiPuIw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "All I gotta say is the Sweet Baby Jesus. Get that and you will be in awe at the combination of ingredients and be able to understand why it's called what it is. The service here is top. The place was packed and I was still given the best service. Also the captain crunch french toast is amazing as well. My recommendation is get both the sweet baby Jesus and the captain crunch french toast so you can split if there is at least a couple of you dinning."}, {"review_id": "NFDI-c-uOj78QN5dnfLISQ", "user_id": "x0_ir8vj4nmaX7uQ3y68EQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/9/2018", "text": "Went to blue moon cafe for the first time since I moved out of the city years ago, and the captain crunch French toast is just as I remembered - three fluffy pieces of French toast covered in captain crunch pieces topped with butter, fruit, and whipped cream with a sprinkle of cinnamon. Very yummy! My sweet tooth has been maturing over the years and this dish definitely hits the spot. Blue moon cafe has always been a nice little breakfast/brunch cafe  that makes up for its small tight seating arrangements with its generous portion sizes. This is not a \"light\" breakfast place that will let you leave feeling clean and refreshed - the food is deliciously heavy. I got the Mexican omelette which was a pretty average omelette but was served with a huge chunk of buttery crispy hash browns. There may be lighter options on the menu, but why go to blue moon cafe if not for their signature dishes!Our group of 4 had to wait for about half an hour outside in the cold on a Saturday morning  since the place is so small, but we were offered some hot coffee while we waited! :) bonus points!"}, {"review_id": "Jq-__7Dn3x6zpDzaamX1UQ", "user_id": "okFodO8RZJboRxULx13rVQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "Perhaps my intoxication at the time might have a great influence on my review but anyways here it goes. I found Blue Moon Cafe through yelp by looking up late night eats and BAM there it was. First of all, this place is apparently open 24 hours on the weekend. It was around 1AM when my cousin and I had just left a concert and we were STARVING. When we arrived to BMC, we were immediately seated, got our food ordered and we were ready to devour. I got the G&G's country scramble and their French toast. From what I can remember, the country scramble was equipped with bacon, sausage gravy, biscuit, and hash browns. I was shoveling this down like there was no tomorrow. Last but not least, the French toast is to die for. PLEASE I beg of you, you must get it. Thank me later :)"}, {"review_id": "XV-eSn_i8xwWPtjVojdoDw", "user_id": "TfZ1eF4jUidqEeCnrSICeQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/23/2018", "text": "Yum. Despite the restaurant being small and the wait to grab a table the food is absolutely amazing and well worth the wait. The waitresses are super friendly and welcoming. The portions are rather large which is refreshing since coming from the Midwest I feel like a lot of things tend to be overpriced on the east coast. I will definitely venture out again, I must try the cinnamon roll next!"}, {"review_id": "_27qNZD9oPkg2A_OQl7KdA", "user_id": "JCZXjV7tq9140qNSCdM_Vg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/9/2018", "text": "O M G. Came here right after landing in Baltimore and I could smell the deliciousness from across the street.GET THE CAPTAIN CRUNCH FRENCH TOAST AND THE SWEET BABY JESUS. Both were so so so good and just the right amount to split between two people (or maybe even three not so hungry people). - Sweet Baby Jesus includes: hash browns (ok fine, these might have been a little too crunchy for me, but still delicious), tomatoes, eggs done any way you want, lots of crab, hollandaise sauce and Old Bay spice.- Captain Crunch French Toast includes: deliciously crunchy french toast, fresh fruit, powdered sugar, and whip cream.It did take forever to get the server's attention, but when the food arrived and I took a bite of each item, I entered a state of peace and happiness. So good, I'd definitely come back if I were in the area again. If you only can have one cheat meal a week, COME HERE."}, {"review_id": "ILilH7KOSKMIgWJs73Q5mw", "user_id": "eWIogzmcLobucyLCvmWzXg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/17/2018", "text": "4.5/5I've been to this location twice, and both times I left feeling satisfied and full! My boyfriend and I got the Sweet Baby Jesus and the Cap'n Crunch French Toast, which were both incredibly delicious. The Sweet Baby Jesus has hash browns, tomatoes, eggs cooked to your liking, cheese, hollandaise sauce, crab meat, and old bay sprinkled on top! Such a tasty, savory combination! It costs $20, which may sound like a lot, but it's A LOT of food. The Cap'n Crunch French Toast comes with 2-3 slices (make sure to tell the server how many you want), with whipped cream and various fruits (blackberries, blueberries, strawberries, apples), making was a perfectly sweet dish. 3 slices cost $13, which is very fair in my opinion. The actual restaurant is quite small, so you might need to wait a bit for some tables to clear out. When my boyfriend and I entered the restaurant, all the tables were taken, so we sat at the bar instead. We weren't really sure if it was self-seating, or if a waitress would come over and talk to us, so we stood at the entrance for a bit waiting, but none of the staff looked up at us, so we just walked over to the bar.All in all, I think this place has great brunch food, and is worth going to! I haven't been to the second location at Light Street yet, but I'm sure it's just as delicious."}, {"review_id": "66CDRIMx5n4xAofHD0uXpQ", "user_id": "RqcQyCr4zqtN5nOIrSxTnQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "Saw this on DDD so we made a pit stop on our way to SC...and I could eat here every day...I got the sweet baby jesus which was AMAZING and my fiance got the cap'n crunch French toast...and it was delicious...feel free to open one in RI"}, {"review_id": "Ts8zoyGzcR9Oe8y1QDpLBg", "user_id": "N9hqTPQu2bmI8c2Pj8F1ww", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/9/2018", "text": "Started my weekend off with a party in my mouth! The bad @$$ breakfast I ordered was called Sweet baby Jesus. It included crispy hash browns, perfectly cooked eggs ( got fluffy moist scrambled eggs instead of poached), topped with heap of Maryland lump crab smothered with creamy hollandaise and Old Bay sprinkled on top. I was DROOLING and still I am. OH Sweet Baby Jesus! You try it and you'll yell the same.Blue Moon Cafe is warm and casual and I was taken care of once I got there.Five Yelps."}, {"review_id": "OMiS4-4gRDWDO8ebSkfLBQ", "user_id": "hDGoHzlGwspqlE_UkZ2Vtw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/22/2018", "text": "On the weekends, go as soon as it opens because there is a long wait. My friend and I put our names on the list, walked around and explored the surrounding area, and came back. We were seated by the door (as it is quite a small interior with limited seating, hence the long wait), and a cold breeze touched my friend's back everytime the door opened. Try not to sit by the door if you can help it! But we heard great things about this place and we were determined to try to food. I ordered the Mexican breakfast eggs with chorizo sausage and hash browns and OMG the hash browns are the best I've ever had. It was extra crispy and flavorful and it didn't leave behind an oily taste like most hashbrowns do. I would come back just for the hash browns. I also ordered the biscuit with jam appetizer, which turns out to be included with my order. The biscuit was delicious. My friend ordered the sweet baby jeezus (pictured in other yelp reviews), which is not on the menu, but you will have to specially request. There is also a bunch of other things on the menu that you can custom order; you just need to know what you want. A great experience and great hash browns! I would love to come back and try the other menu options!"}, {"review_id": "KWPjo6-vJLl7yPuG5ZVQKQ", "user_id": "Jvxzw7oaYPBBKHoReiCReg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/9/2018", "text": "Came here at 7 AM on a Saturday with no expectations other than it was the closest breakfast place from my hotel and I was hungry! Had no idea it had been featured on Guy Fieri's show and was famous (was wondering why the guy outside was standing in the freezing cold for more than 1/2 an hour waiting for a seat).  I lucked out because I was seated immediately by the friendly, attentive server who I later learned was the owner Sarah. I didn't know what to order and overheard the lady behind me ask for the intriguingly named dish \"Sweet Baby Jesus\"I didn't see it on the menu but once it was described to me I had to get it. This dish (which could feed two people) is made up of fried hash browns, chunky crab-meat, cheese, tomatoes and eggs covered in hollandaise sauce.  Somehow this combination worked well and it was simply delicious!! The decor is warm and intimate with brickwork and colorful lithographs of icons like David Bowie. The curtains have a starry design to match the dark blue exterior.  The 80s hard rock also added to the cozy atmosphere.  If I am ever back in Baltimore I'll be sure to order the french toast dish that the cafe is famed for."}, {"review_id": "u1vndjXK5eDfMFLA-7MQCg", "user_id": "KuBnBvvBkFATTeIOY8t-Sw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/5/2018", "text": "I love love love this place. They had have a decent size selection of food and the location is intimate. When you first arrive, due to the restaurant being so small, parking is along side the road. Some free and some a payment of like .50 cent per hour or something like that. Anyways, this location is small. Possibly seats about 30 or so. So if you hate waiting, I would suggest you visit Blue Moon Too, which is about a mile away and a lot larger. There too popular entrees are the Captain Crunch French Toast and the Sweet Baby Jesus. Today I got the Sweet Baby Jesus, which is hash browns with crab meat and two eggs smothered in a horseradish sauce and seasoned with Ol Bay. It's a lot of food so make sure you come with a large appetite. Overall, I love this place and it's amazing food. Worth a visit!!!"}, {"review_id": "slK9o2sKOHif3sTjLSGWBQ", "user_id": "VdfSQS61HbfxpKEM9zaBdQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/9/2018", "text": "I absolutely hate the wait here and all of the hype of this Capt Crunch French Toast business, but it is so goddamn tasty. I would recommend not coming to this particular location on the weekend, unless you come right when they open up. You will spend a long time waiting. Their other location is bigger = more seating area. However, the best time to come here is actually on the weekday, where you can leisurely spend time here and savor each bite in a less hectic environment. The Capt Crunch French Toast is the thing to get. I love the fruit and the freshly whipped cream. If anything, get it and share with the table. Or, just get it for yourself and stuff yourself with sweet breakfast deliciousness. Their sausage here is pretty good too."}, {"review_id": "OaVG2tONjlwoFfGoOHNPFQ", "user_id": "dUYRSKC12CYn-MyXuJj6eQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Last night I knew I wanted something sweet and decided to yelp brunch spots in Baltimore since I was going to be in the area. The one thing that restricts me from ever truly enjoying Maryland dining is old bay. Unfortunately I'm allergic, go figure. Upon research I stumbled upon this establishment and to confirm that the pictures of the menu items did not deceive me I verified via ig haha. I knew I had to go and have a taste of the Captain Crunch French Toast. The one thing that almost kept me from going was parking. I still am an amateur when it comes to parallel parking, so street parking and I are sworn enemies. Luckily I gathered a crew of 3, and 1 was a seasoned parallel parker. There was plenty of street parking. Some were metered but if you were lucky there were a few zones for 2-hour parking. However I wouldn't bank on the 2-hour parking because we went around 10am and had an hour wait before we were seated. We almost didn't make the wait but there were a few benches on the side of the building. Now on to the goods. Although the cafe itself is on the smaller side, it didn't feel constricting because they had the right amount of seating. The quirky decor was delightful and I noticed some of the paintings on the wall were for sale for all you avid art lovers. My group and I decided to all order the famous Captain Crunch French Toast. Because I'm a bit of a pig when it comes to dining out I decided I need a side of eggs, bacon, and hashbrowns. Don't worry it was \"shared\" amongst my group. The French toast had mixed reviews between our group. For me I enjoyed it. The fruits and whipped cream gave it a nice balance as the French toast itself was sweet. It also helped that I was stuffing my face with hashbrowns. Do I have the need to eat French toast every day after the experience? No, just maybe at least once a month. I'll be back."}, {"review_id": "bkT2MH0ZMhgFrGkLJKXytQ", "user_id": "FSuV2GkFECZ3FPLd-cPjiQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/14/2018", "text": "This is place is cool. I am curious to see what Blue Moon Cafe II is like. So I am not a real big breakfast person to be honest. I was here to get a quick bite to eat so I appreciate them for being open on Thanksgiving! My kids and I were starving. I had to work and this was actually my Thanksgiving meal. I had the sweet baby Jesus which is just AMAZING. Interesting enough it is not on the Menu tho and you have to request it. I wonder why they took it off the menu?The only downfall about going in the winter/fall time is when someone opens that door you can feel the wind come in. It's kinda small but the wait goes by so fast. Of course I will be back! The food is pretty amazing."}, {"review_id": "LQixX_5H0vtg-Sn3Ye_Onw", "user_id": "P_9Gt95iPg4sF0fbBw6ZAg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/22/2017", "text": "Hit up Blue Moon after taking a cross country red eye to Baltimore for the Thanksgiving holiday with my in laws.  Arrived super early at the airport and my wife picked me up.  We got to the Blue Moon when they first opened and we were their first customers of the day.  Got a friendly greeting and the service was all charm city.We knew exactly what we wanted and went for their famous Cap'n Crunch French toast and the Sweet Baby Jesus.  The Sweet Baby Jesus is kind of a benedict with jumbo lump crab over hash browns, tomatoes with hollandaise and topped with eggs.  The French toast is perfect accompanied by real whip cream and fruit.  It was a perfectly decadent breakfast to start my holiday weekend in the charm city !"}, {"review_id": "Y6rfGqR--1fkr87ebK6l-w", "user_id": "qG9znyIMOcetZhtlewrIEg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/21/2017", "text": "Blue moon cafe is such a cute little spot! It's pretty small, so I can definitely see why there can be such a long wait. Luckily, I went on a Monday morning at 8 am and there was absolutely no wait. Of course we got the Cap'n Crunch French toast. Delicious! I generally never order sweet breakfast foods just because I love savory foods so much more, but my friend insisted I try it, so we split that and the huevos rancheros. The French toast was amazing. It wasn't too sweet which was my biggest concern and not drenched in batter or syrup. I would 100% stray from my usual Benedict/savory breakfasts to eat the French toast every time I'm there. The huevos rancheros were good too! They come with hash browns and two eggs any style. We got it with the chorizo on the side since my friend doesn't eat meat, which is why it's just in a bowl in the photo. There's some green salsa all over the food which is really good but it's pretty spicy, so beware! The hash browns here are also great. They're super crispy, though maybe a little oily."}, {"review_id": "PRdxwJWbssUcXqCNzh3cEg", "user_id": "0Jz0kwapU3Ly07a-hDdRzg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/25/2018", "text": "We were told about this place from a good friend, who knows the owner. This is the original location in our friend's old neighborhood of Fell's Point. Very charming area, the place was small and cute. Unique decor with the black cats, artwork, and books above the fireplace. They are known for their Captain Crunch French toast and Sweet Baby Jesus, but we went with the Crab and Pig Benedict and the Huevos Rancheros. Which we enjoyed! The chorizo was spicier (which, I like) than I expected, not being in Houston. This location is open 24 hours on weekends, but I think it's better suited to breakfast/brunch (although, no alcohol).Overall, I would go back for a nice casual breakfast. It's a small, but quaint and unique place, and is recommended by both locals and Guy Fieri."}, {"review_id": "TpEl2v4VbnPqjr1D3qCuBw", "user_id": "pVjVoTgSqzNtqLBcSnSYoQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "Great food & atmosphere! Captain Crunch French Toast was delicious! Homemade biscuits with strawberry jam. Veggie scramble with cheddar cheese & hash browns prepared to perfection!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/blue-moon-cafe-baltimore?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]