[[{"review_id": "qfkwM-3WATMxbUBvjPd_Cg", "user_id": "FrCrmLrTWnhIMNxkoyf2lQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "Oh Woodberry, the apple of my eye, I love you! I'm so sad this place is an hour from me, but definitely worth the drive! I absolutely love the decor of this restaurant, and how spacious it is. The pace is huge! Definitely make a reservation though because this is the HOT SPOT. Also, complimentary parking behind the restaurant.Okay so customer service is amazing. The server helped us pick out some delicious items. I started out with a chai latte...it was so so good, I had two. Yes, one to start off brunch, then to finish it off. For food, my friends and I tried various items. We got the pancake....you have to get this. It's thick with butter and some jam on the side. Throw that jam and butter on it with some syrup, WOW! So good! Side note - jam is made in house, the people know what they're doing.Also, the French toast, probably some of the best French toast I've had. It's extremely thick and feeling, and the strawberry jam that comes with it really tops it off. We also got the beau breakfast...now look I don't know how they got their eggs so tasty, but oooohhhhmygawd we loved the eggs  The ham, I wanted to order some ham for thanksgiving it was so good. The chicken enchilada was also very yummy, especially with the fried egg on top. I loved it!You really CAN'T go wrong with this place. The French toast, pancake, and beau breakfast is a MUST! Don't forget to get the chai latte!"}, {"review_id": "HRrsP6Ce4tfNkQCST2xTWQ", "user_id": "7zkTZXYZqI5UCVSVrIaZ5Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "Oh my, what a charming little establishment! When you search for restaurants in the Baltimore area, Woodberry Kitchen is one of the first restaurants to pop up, and rightfully so! It's ambiance, service, and food/drinks swept me away. Whether you come here for lunch or dinner or just stop in for drinks and snacks like we did - you'll surely be glad you came. Although we came at an off time, the restaurant was poppin' - reservations are a must! We got uber lucky and noticed that there was ONE open spot available on OpenTable and hopped on it. We were able to snag a table outside on their patio, which was adorned with various plants, herbs, and flowers. Anddd the fireplace was burning and letting off cozy aromas. Simply lovely! Our waiter was awesome! He was able to make the Spicy Cheese appetizer vegetarian with fruit jam (as oppose to ham jam), and boy was it amazing! Great experience here, and I'll certainly be back when I'm in the area again!"}, {"review_id": "OvIR1Sh5Nxs8LFcr0sXDMQ", "user_id": "oEuFCrjIiw0iYZ8UEkdDoA", "rating": 1.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "I should preface this by saying that if you are someone who judges and enjoys restaurants based on food and food alone, then Woodberry Kitchen will likely not disappoint. However, if you are someone who cares, even a little, about the service you receive, ambiance you enjoy or time you spend, then I must encourage you to reconsider visiting this establishment. I live in DC, however,​ my family is from Baltimore and many of my friends live in the area, so I've visited Woodberry several times over the years. I've had my suspicions that this place is wildly overrated, though I've elected to stay in my own lane and let the locals call the shots, and they so often choose Woodberry. My boyfriend and I were in town for a family event, so we made a reservation at Woodberry for 9 p.m. They called to confirm the reservation twice, which I knew meant they had likely overbooked, but I tried to give them the benefit of the doubt.Anyway, we arrived at 8:45 and, as expected, the table wasn't ready. No big deal. Of course, there is no waiting area, so we were forced to squeeze into a hallway with about ten other people who had yet to be seated. Waiters dressed like extras in Tool Time, the Musical whizzed​ around in their matching flannels and Warby Parkers fogged up from the kitchen, curtly asking us to move out of their way approximately every three seconds. For such a large venue, it seems pretty ridiculous that they rely on a small, inaccessible bar with limited seating to support the entirety of the restaurant, but I suspect this decision must maximize profitability in some way. So, 9 p.m. passes. Then, 9:10. 9:15, 9:20 p.m. Still in that awful hallway, getting the way of just about every person there. We're standing, starving, and dealing with a hostess who seems equal parts overwhelmed and disinterested in giving us any sort of confidence that we will eventually be seated. What I found extra infuriating was the group of assistant managers hovering around the hostess table ignoring the five waiting parties, unable to give us so much as some bread and olive oil to take the edge off. Consider me and 11/10 on the hangry scale at this point, fam. There were at least three empty tables in our line of vision, by the way. As someone who has elderly relatives, I can't help but wonder if they would have been expected to stand for that long, as well? What about someone with limited mobility? I finally stopped the person who appeared to be the general manager​ at 9:30 to figure out what the problem was, and we were immediately seated. She then promised us a free app to make up for the \"confusion,\" which, of course, never came. I've waited tables and worked in marketing for a number of restaurant groups, so I've never been someone to demand freebies or comps if the restaurant messes up, but alas, she offered. We ordered oysters, which were decent, and came with a bunch of fun sauces to try. We ordered our entrées. I chose the Rockfish flatbread (read: glorified pizza) and the Rockfish entrée came instead. We politely brought this to our server's attention, and I told him I would just eat what was given to me as it was going on 11 p.m. at this point. Of course, he brought out the flatbread, too, then proceeded to charge us for the entrée (about $20 more). Not okay. At this point, I could not stand to complain to them one more time - I've never felt EMOTIONALLY EXHAUSTED from a dining experience until now -- so we just let it go. DC visitors - this place is essentially a hybrid of Hank's Oyster Bar and The Hamilton, except, of course, it sucks. In Philly speak, this is pretty much Oyster House, except four times the size and run by people with limited knowledge of how to create a positive restaurant experience. If you're visiting Baltimore, for the love of God, choose somewhere cute and delicious in Fell's Point. Enjoy the water over a realistically priced cocktail while you wait, and make conversation with the people around you - Baltimore locals are, in my experience, so much nicer than us DC folk. (Sorry!) Leave this dilapidated factory to the hipsters and middle-aged​ suburbanites for which it was designed, and give yourself a real Baltimore experience. Woodberry Kitchen - don't get so popular you stop giving a sh*t about your customers. Trust me, they won't be back."}, {"review_id": "lTDTinLZx4vs6x7vvzvIgw", "user_id": "6IeGk4i1BPl2PS5jWZ5OxA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "Woodbury is the kind of restaurant I could really get behind. The farm to table, fresh and seasonal ingredients combined with comfort food that focuses on execution of excellent cooking techniques instead of an over reliance on fat, sugar and salt. Don't get me wrong they use some good quality lipids, but the dishes are well, rounded and well balanced with a range of flavors and textures. The menu is rotating and always have a difficult time deciding amongst the well ranging options on the menu. For brunch, I love the table side fresh press coffee. Their cast iron pancakes are literally cake like thickness and take up the entire cast iron pan. This produces a cross between corn bread and pancake that I was really impressed by, it was different but oh-so satisfying."}, {"review_id": "05cqTqmY88OL8WzfEdvGJg", "user_id": "Cxfr7kQ4yeqHyY4MVWpt0w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "Woodberry Kitchen is not just dinner, it is an experience! The menu artistry is wonderful, put together by several farmers in the Maryland area. The atmosphere is very relaxing and pleasant, well decorated and detailed. Our server, Jerome, was amazing as he guided us through the whole menu, made it clear to take our time, answered all our questions perfectly and was so friendly. He was perfect to have with us during our first visit here!We got the crab pot as an appetizer which was delicious, and I had to get the staple cast iron chicken & biscuit (AMAZING!). The others with us got the steak and lamb and nothing but good words were shared!For dessert, they have a neat barista that delivers and makes the drinks (French presses!). It was tough to choose but we got the peach crisp with bay vanilla ice cream. Incredible!Will definitely be back. They also do a brunch which we were interested in. Love the stories behind each ingredient and dish!"}, {"review_id": "vUh4BqPg-KcxO82zRjbiiw", "user_id": "okFodO8RZJboRxULx13rVQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "Woodberry Kitchen is a delightful restaurant! I've only experienced brunch and that was enough to make me want to come back for more. My cousin and I started off with the whole pot of French pressed coffee. As for the entrees, we got the eggs in purgatory and the breakfast morning flatbread. I would describe the eggs in purgatory as a flavorful tomato soup topped off with a poached egg and melted cheese served with flatbread. The idea of this dish is to dip the flatbread in the soup but if you are like me and like to search for more ways to eat this, I dipped the Morning flatbread into the soup for extra amounts of flavor. The flatbread had onions, hame, sausage, cheddar, and topped with eggs, baked into the flatbread. I really want to go back to WBK for their dinner and their patio."}, {"review_id": "mIugk494eJsey3TA3qVMYw", "user_id": "PijUBflRVIi1cgtV2w16Zg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/9/2018", "text": "Good for any occasion. Dates, birthdays, meetings, family dinner, etc. It's so popular for these types so make sure to rsvp your lunch/night out in advance.The 14 oz steak and spicy pork pasta was superb! On a heat scale- the pasta is a bit on the spicier side. Steak was perfectly cooked- but don't expect Peter Lugers steak.Since I made reservations on another app, they surprised me with a birthday ice cream on top of the good ol' cmp I ordered. Just get it- sooo good."}, {"review_id": "mJszcTeZfPCB5aR2rY8hRw", "user_id": "_-F9FJb0gCuayJwZfXaxQA", "rating": 2.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "Went with high expectations and that's why the 2 stars... disappointed in the service and food selection, while it's good , it's nothing compared to the hype of one of the best brunch spots in Baltimore area. Will not be returning"}, {"review_id": "FF9EKFl0Froz3DtUzRQwqA", "user_id": "1MDc4mt9p1vWt3_T3Ty5xw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/14/2018", "text": "As soon as you walk in, you see wood stacked to the rafters creating the sense that you are in a old barn. Then the smell of wood burning in the air allows you to imagine that you are eating a meal in a cabin in the Shenandoah Valley. Finally, the well dressed rustic hipsters then let you realize that no, you are just in Hampden.But the hipster staff aside, Woodberry Kitchen gets the details right. Even the hipster staff is super friendly and knowledgeable. There is a free valet, so there's no worry about having to find parking, which for a fine dining experience can sometimes be a damper.Now onto the meal. I've been to Woodberry Kitchen several times, for brunch and dinner. I can say hands down that the Brunch service is where you truly get the best experience. The dinner at Woodberry Kitchen is great, don't get me wrong, but I'm always left wanting a little more (and maybe that's a good thing?). But the brunch leaves me with the feeling that I couldn't eat another bite because everything was so good I just might pop.The menu which is sourced 100% from local ingredients has a great variety of options, even at Brunch. We started with a coffee cake, because ordering simple almost standard items is fun at a gourmet place like Woodberry. The cake was delicate with a delicious caramel undertone to it. The crunch on the top added a different yet pleasant dimension to the cake.The true star of the brunch service is always the breakfast flatbreads. You have to order these when you go for brunch. The morning flatbread is out of this world. With sausage, ham, eggs, cheddar, and potatoes all baked into a flatbread (let's be real it's a pizza), you have all the savory breakfast flavors in one place. Baked in a wood fired oven, the smokey flavor builds into the bread and the breakfast ingredients to deliver a powerful breakfast punch. This is on the heavier side, but I can honestly say it is one of the best breakfast/brunch dishes in all of Maryland.The Mobtown Fry is a Baltimore inspired egg based dish, it's a delicately scrambled egg topped with a crab gravy, ham, and a piece of rye toast. The entire flavor combination works as the distinct crab flavor adds a nice seafood flavor to the eggs without being too fishy or overpowering. The rye bread adds a unexpected touch to the dish, the carraway flavor of the rye helps balance the richness of the crab gravy. Overall, a solid meal choice.Lastly the quiche, this was the only thing that was disappointing. Mainly because the quiche was burnt, other than the burn on the crust the quiche itself was creamy and it melted in your mouth. Had it not been burned, it would have been another excellent dish.Overall you cannot go wrong with Woodberry Kitchen. Despite some of it's missteps, Woodberry Kitchen is the place to go to show off the best that Maryland has to offer. Woodberry Kitchen has affordable prices, free parking, and friendly service"}, {"review_id": "kT9bx2hDloedz3ZeTF5aMw", "user_id": "8-76LKnrLvtXc18n5sqsog", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "It was my first time after dragging my feet for years to get there and the food plus the service was top notch well above average excellent. The patio was perfect for dining and the casual atmosphere made our time therapeutic. The fried oysters and pan trout captured all the natural flavors enhancing it with simple local ingredients that pronounced its freshness. After dinner wine by the firepit was a slice of a getaway even if just down the street and around the corner. Love love love!!!"}, {"review_id": "UK1VmRupp7FRjCry5KGHzg", "user_id": "Pinnqw9LFBBlrtpFL7tQxg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/27/2018", "text": "I can't say enough good things about this place, and this really should be 3.5 Stars. I had been wanting to check this place out for so long and finally had the chance. Everything was done well but slightly over salted. Ingredients are great but dishes are not memorable to the palate."}, {"review_id": "nelWcO1ZUmNeGhTMiNQm9A", "user_id": "d04xE1PZBsfk9PY_oVIsMg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/28/2017", "text": "An excellent spot for dinner. Hidden in an odd spot but the atmosphere of the place is beautiful with a nice homey feel to it. We specifically came for the CMP sundae but were treated to a wonderful dinner too.We saw the Irish coffee was recommended so we ordered that and the hot butter rum. Get the Irish coffee, you will not disappointed! It had a brûléed top that you crack with a spoon. Hot buttered rum was delicious as well, especially on a cold winter night! We got the crab pot dish and it was a creamy crab dip, so good must get! Especially if you are in Baltimore, isn't crab dishes a must?! The bread and crackers that come with it pair very nicely. We got the short rib with pork belly and sauerkraut for our entree. A wonderful dish, it had quite the spread of short rib, fried pork belly, sausage, potatoes, apples and sauerkraut. The fried pork belly had such a good crisp and the sausage with the sauerkraut was perfect. The short rib came apart so easily. Highly recommend.And of course we ended our meal with the CMB. My bf wanted to go to this place specifically for this sundae after seeing it on food network. I would definitely recommend sharing this dessert and leave room for it because you will want to try it. Has a creamy ice cream with homemade peanut brittle and chili chocolate fudge on the bottom. On top is Marshmallow fluff with a brueled sugar on top.Overall an excellent place for dinner and we really wish we could try this place for brunch as their baked items look amazing."}, {"review_id": "27WU-wasJF3ghceJ68uhdA", "user_id": "7EAvGEaYb6L3_2DLHj2zfg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "Due to a last minute change of plans, my boyfriend and I decided to come here for our 2 year anniversary. He was able to make a reservation a couple hours before without any issues, granted we did go on a Monday.  Every single person we ran into congratulated us on our anniversary, our waiter, the bartender and the hostess. The hostess told us they were inning behind schedule but they wait wasn't crazy. We just grabbed some drinks at the bar.  We got the oysters and the raw beef on toast. I didn't enjoy the raw beef. The seasoning was just not there but the cast iron chicken and biscuits were amazing. The chicken was sooooo tender and the sauce was absolutely amazing. I would go back just for the chicken. Definitely did not disappoint. Only reason for the 4 stars was the disappointing appetizers."}, {"review_id": "MNUNBWuW1chBUbN63S312A", "user_id": "gaeChAfxBqAMEWw6XQPVbw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/18/2018", "text": "The atmosphere and the service was amazing. We got the Mobtown Fry and Eggs in Purgatory with side of biscuits. The food was okay but the service was very good. Our waiter was very nice and kind enough to split our cocktails and desserts. Overall, its a nice environment to have brunch with your date, friends and family."}, {"review_id": "SNuIvQUeds5Ad3KdA0pPTg", "user_id": "UAsjJO4SmOrtib8gndwV0w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/4/2018", "text": "We've eaten dinner here for date nights, with friends, and to entertain family from out of town. The restaurant has accommodated our seating requests every single time we have visited, which is appreciated. The main dining room is our favorite area, especially near the windows, because their outdoor area is so beautiful. My absolute favorite visit was right before Christmas, when the restaurant was decorated for the holidays, and it was just stunningly warm and inviting. My favorite cocktail is the Whiskey Smash, but they have plenty of good options. Overall, we have always enjoyed our food, but sometimes it can be a bit pricey for the portion size. The Good Ol' C.M.P. Is always a great dessert option (Fresh cream ice cream, hot fudge, toasted marshmallow, wet peanuts), and they also make great coffee and espresso drinks. Haven't tried brunch yet, but it's on our to-do list."}, {"review_id": "SIBOggAG29SAf9cfsv1vYg", "user_id": "m4kiTkRY3lbeh7S5iIqiEw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/28/2017", "text": "What an excellent place to have brunch at! They have their own valet parking and there are 3 ways to enter the resturants. Don't be confused though, they don't have a sign that has their name on it. Well from the 2 doors I entered, they didn't have it. You can also make a reservation in advance so you're not waiting in the long queue! I came here for my significant other's birthday and he loved it! We started off with the deviled eggs, cheesy biscuits, and oysters. The deviled eggs were flavored perfectly and came topped with a little bit of ham. The cheesy biscuits were amazing!! They weren't too cheesy where you end up getting sick of the taste and also had a kick of spice to it. The apps came in 3, so if you're on a date you can just split the last one in half haha. I didn't eat any of the oysters, but my partner enjoyed them. They also have their own sauces that they make (hot sauce, etc.) And they are available to purchase! We bought the snake oil hot sauce (similar taste to Tabasco, but has a lot less of a sour taste.) For our entrees I ordered the vegetable flatbread, and he ordered the gold potato hashbrown. Everything on our plate tasted so fresh and new! The vegetable flatbread isn't exactly shaped in a line, it more so resembles a pizza! I recommend eating it with the snake oil hot sauce as the flavor will explode in your mouth lol. Also the carrots from the gold potato hashbrown were so sweet and scrumptious. I couldn't help but to take them from my partner even though it was his birthday haha. I do want to come back and try more of their other options, but other then that everything was delicious and the service was also wonderful!"}, {"review_id": "DGGpM14xjMmnHhf5n4IaZA", "user_id": "YXxUu0-DLGu8TR4YU2H4Sw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "I know I'm supposed to love Woodberry Kitchen, with its gavitas, its farm-to-table ethic, its atmosphere, its urban hipster vibe.  To me its just a little pretentious, as if they are selling the vibe more than the actual tastiness of the food.  The bill can quickly get to be fairly breathtaking for Baltimore, and in terms of dollars-per-ounce or dollars-per-calorie, well, Woodberry belongs in DC or New York City. People who have a palate for unusual culinary adventures (e.g., my wife) will and do love Woodberry Kitchen. People with palates hungering for traditional, recognizable favorites or comfort food (e.g., my college-aged daughter) will find frustration bordering on disappointment. People looking for a blend but with some sense of value (e.g., me) will leave feeling sated but that there are better (and certainly more economical) choices."}, {"review_id": "0yvwa8uZp8FyQWLKaJCpxQ", "user_id": "RGqzR6iD5rC2GW7squhLbQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "All ways a favorite for brunch.  That Bloody Marys are Keller! I had a Chicken and Waffles dish that was amazing!"}, {"review_id": "SbJWXVi2Xj_DE7yS0_pB3w", "user_id": "usZM5zLPT3Xr1PL74eGt3g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/31/2018", "text": "AHHH!!!! SOO GOOD!!My experience at Woodberry Kitchen is very unique. The first time I ate at Woodberry Kitchen, I attended a rehearsal dinner on a cold night in November. Looking back, it might have been a better experience than the actual wedding reception! The service was excellent, the ambiance was intimate and the food was spectacular! At the rehearsal dinner, we were served a family-style meal that was to die for!"}, {"review_id": "E_e67Olb8mLqP7rtBGaDsA", "user_id": "Jmsp1tOcLybei5ESmcoj6g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "Honestly, what's not to like about Woodberry? The food is excellent, the service is fantastic, the atmosphere can't be beat."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/woodberry-kitchen-baltimore?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]