[[{"review_id": "OxFt9tZuTkP1y49T_roShQ", "user_id": "WinGLtIbLAttotqSKib1Zw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "Super yummy! I have been twice, and I always get the same thing - neighborhood bird with rice, spicy. The level of spicy was different the two times I have been there. It might be a good idea to get the sauce on the side to control the level of spice.The chicken is very crispy and big! They give two big pieces on top of rice, sided with pickled vegetables. It is definitely filling. Parking can be a bit tricky because it is street parking. The food takes a while to make, but worth it!"}, {"review_id": "uw-dTIzCdwM8ueBVj2cjHg", "user_id": "08Dhk90xsB7X_0CmMfYMCg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Seems like this spot is a local (college) favorite! Definitely one of the hipster places to go eat at, if you have a visitor in town. S/O to Hursuong for taking me here after a long day of classes!Menu: Short and simple! Either get your protein in a bun or a rice bowl.Seating: a couple bar stools along the corners of the room. However, if the weather allows, you probably want to grab-n-go!Pro tip 1: two most popular are the fried chicken and tofu.Pro tip 2: Since the tofu is messy in the bun, definitely get the rice bowl for that.Pro tip 3: considering how small this place is- glad that they take credit card!We ended up ordering:1) Neighborhood bird in a bun ($9) // Taiwanese curry fried chicken, sambal mayo, pickled cucumbers +1 Yum! I can see why people like this. SUPER flavorful, if you like curry.+1 Well fried! Not soggy at all and tasted fresh.+1 Huge chicken! It's perfect!+/-1 Cucumbers not as \"pickled\" as they could be if they were going for the asian style2) The Big in in a bun ($9) // spicy pork shoulder, tomato salad, mango papaya, slaw+1 Pork shoulder was tender! I like that it was in cubes.+1 The other dressings were kind of weak- didn't stand out too muchOverall, if I needed a quick snack, this is the spot!"}, {"review_id": "FzAfCKMOHKRu6PVf9eVk8A", "user_id": "m0xnipjcqWBIAFqxw9wiYw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "We had our \"healthy\" brunch at a different place and since it did nothing to our hunger we decided to get a second meal. My husband suggested this place as one of his favorite appetizer is pork buns at Ippudo NY.  Granted the buns here are nothing like Ippudo's. Sizes are generously large as they are supposed to be a meal and not an app. I got the neighborhood bird and my husband got the Kim. We both tried half of each others and agreed the neighborhood bird was definitely our favorite. The fried chicken pieces sizes are huge, a little too huge for the bun but the flavors are great.Definitely planning to come back to try rest of the buns. Hopefully the staffs are a little better trained as there were only two customers ahead of us and it took over 15 minutes for ours to come out. In the meanwhile we ordered a coffee and water and we were able to get it after the food was ready and we had to remind them."}, {"review_id": "kPJ2KBxu5RB8-UVZW5bTrw", "user_id": "x0_ir8vj4nmaX7uQ3y68EQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/31/2018", "text": "Delicious spot that lives up to the hype! I got the neighborhood bird in a bun and there was so much flavor. The chicken was so thick and juicy-looking that I must have spent a good 25 seconds deciding how to tackle the sandwich since I wanted a little bit of everything in the first bite and my mouth is so small. In the end I couldn't do it cuz the chicken was so big, but wow...talk about flavor. Did not expect the curry-like flavor (forgot what it was exactly) to go so well with the fried chicken and the refreshing cucumber. I feel like the chicken would have been just as good naked without the sauce too. Strips of tender juicy thigh meat hiding in a separable crunchy shell. There's something special in the batter. I will be back. The place itself is small so it's probably hard to find a seat, but who cares. Get it to go and enjoy heaven on the road."}, {"review_id": "Ks90mDBLVRiTX1HnkzrkUA", "user_id": "qQklYBau8yXqpCfng5kTYw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/30/2018", "text": "Ekiben has always been one of my favorite restaurants in Baltimore. Their menu is small but everything in their menu tastes absolutely delicious.  This is a small restaurant with limited seating options available. So I would suggest take away order if you come with a huge group of people. Fells point is a great place anyways to take your order to go and sit some where close the waterfront and enjoy the view. Let me take you through my favorite part of Ekiben. Yeah! Their food! Absolutely delicious! Let's start with their starter. Tempura broccoli is something to die for. It's crispy and the flavors are so unique that everything blends together really well. I always order this no mater what. Who else is tired of eating just the boiled broccoli with your egg for breakfast lol? So if you want to try broccoli cooked differently then this is the place for you. Then comes the tough part. Everything on their entree menu is so good that I am always confused on what to order. Their original bowl (Thai chicken meatballs with coconut black peppercorn sauce over rice) is so good. Neighborhood bird and spicy bird are fried chicken on either bun or rice is insane. And then then they \"the big Kim\" which is spicy pork shoulder. Omg! How can you pick one ? I have had everything and trust me they are all so good. I am jealous of people who stay in Fells point and visit Ekiben often. Let's see their prices. Everything in their menu is priced very well. It's priced according to the portion. Anything over rice is a huge portion, so if you are not planning to have a big portion for dinner then I would suggest ordering your entree over a bun. Anyways, a great place to visit and located in the heart of Fells point."}, {"review_id": "axsouniMz2X2-Zh8-DaGmA", "user_id": "V6vcX3p3MF819kffiUKLZw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/7/2018", "text": "Came here at the advice of my friend and an airbnb host.I ordered the Spicy Bird bowl, since the bun is a heavy-looking mantou that looked like it would just sit like a lump in my stomach. Taiwanese curry fried chicken over rice, with a lot of pickled slaw. The fried chicken was fine, though the curry batter was spread unevenly and the breading could've cripier. The sweet spicy mayo was too sweet and everywhere. Slaw was fine.I've never seen broccoli in tempura, as there isn't much broccoli in Japan. But I don't think Ekiben did it right: vegetables in tempura usually are blanched a bit before battered and friend, but this broccoli seemed like they were stir-fried in soy sauce before battered and fried. They were pretty soft, and not in a good beef-with-broccoli kind of way.It's a ton of food, with two whole chicken thighs, probably 500g of rice, and a pile of broccoli tempura.   It's not bad, but the fried chicken (particularly the breading) was unexpectedly disappointing, and nothing else really raised the meal."}, {"review_id": "DyhX4uY_CM8C6W-yYcJ7mg", "user_id": "RBzEA5HX6wfONiKN9FACjQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/23/2018", "text": "Came here on a recent Saturday for lunch and thought it was great! The space is small and it was very busy, but the staff was very friendly. They recommended the bird as I had never been there before. I got the spicy version with rice since the bao bun seemed like way too much bread. Unfortunately, I was starving so I scarfed it down and forgot to take a photo. The fried chicken was perfect with a very crispy skin. The sauce was good and a bit spicy, but not crazy. There was also pickled cucumber in case the spice was a bit much for you. It's a bit pricey at $12, but very good so worth a try. I even managed to eat my fried chicken with chopsticks (don't worry they have forks too)!! I would come back here to try some of the other dishes which also looked good."}, {"review_id": "mXsjTmXwYGk_tjZmfzN3TQ", "user_id": "uvjs8YWrGJWqE_umbBLElQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/24/2018", "text": "This is like experiencing all Asian flavors in one messy beautiful creation. The spicy/sweet blend is unparalleled to anything I've had before. Honestly like trying all Asian dishes in a sandwich or bowl. It's a funky place with a good Baltimore vibe all along the walls. I love the Omar sign from the wire along the wall. There are only about 6 items on the menu so if you're a picky eater this is not the place for you. Also I'd recommend getting it to go since seating is limited. Call ahead to order so you can avoid the wait."}, {"review_id": "OxHMK1FuIVI6wXBXYhwh4Q", "user_id": "KKe_o9FwA9qn5balJ2pipw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "So happy we chose to come here!The tempura broccoli was literally the best broccoli I've ever had! It was cooked perfectly, had a good texture from the tempura, and was sweet fro. The sauce. I will come back here just for this.I ordered the neighborhood bird - curry fried chicken thigh topped with spicy mayo and pickles. It was really good and nice and crispy. I ordered it spicy, which added a nice flavor, but I think I might try it plain next time.My sister ordered the tackle box - crispy catfish. She said she liked my fried chicken better.  I stole her pickled onions and slaw to put on my fried chicken. I would ask for the add ons next time I go back.My brother in law ordered the tofu Brah - spicy peanut sauce, seasonal slaw etc. I had a few bits. It was amazing and I don't even like tofu. I may order that next time I come.We all agreed the broccoli was the best item of all! I will absolutely come back here and tell all my friends to come. Also, the staff was super friendly and helpful! I want to be friends with them.The decor is a little nerdy. We enjoyed it!"}, {"review_id": "r_ZaZ14FJqEV9NHB6IzW8w", "user_id": "MUIpOCyz4a_5y2Q3DTDAMw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/12/2018", "text": "I can't believe I haven't eaten here sooner.My GF & I got off work late & decided to finally try Ekiben multiple recommendations. So we called in an order around 8pm and drove to the shop. I went in, immediately loved the atmosphere, dope hip hop playing, amazing aroma of spices , people enjoying food. I was greeted promptly, they identified my order and said about 5 minutes.I came back in and expressed it was my first time. The gentleman thanked me for coming in and kept my broccoli open so it remained crispy for us to sample. After the first bite we were both very impressed. We sped home to enjoy our meal. The Order:2X Tempura broccoli Tackle boxSpicy Bird box*Flavor explosion*Everything was delicious The broccoli was crispy and flavorful with fresh cilantro and red onion.The chicken was crispy and juicyThe fish was crunchy and flaky All of the vegetables were fresh and flavorful.I will be eating here again in the near future."}, {"review_id": "ZelMoIQc7SEeMFiCOnO5gA", "user_id": "OykrtXlzAs8u-tgQOgeeSQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/25/2018", "text": "Ekiben is one of those places I know I will crave when (or if?) I leave Baltimore. As per the esteemed Wikipedia, Ekiben are bento meals served on Japanese trains or at train stations. Baltimore's Ekiben remains true in essence to its namesake; the shop is a small, subway-tiled joint pumping out steamy fresh boxes of goodness to hungry travelers and passers-by. It's a no frills operation, with barstool seating for maybe a dozen max and a table or two by their stoop. At prime times, the place will be packed with hungry patrons. You can also order pickup via phone or their app. Every time I've ordered the meal has been ready right on the dot. You'll also see the proprietors staffing the kitchen and cash register, so it is a true local joint. The menu has been (largely) fixed for the past 2 years, but is chock-a-block full of winning dishes. My all-time fav is the Tackle Box, a hefty box full of aromatic rice, some picked veg, and a fried catfish fillet. The spice cocktail they use is spot on. At $14, it's on the pricier end of takeout but the portions are filling. I've ordered this dish over a dozen times and it's been nothing short of amazing (except for one rouge even in which it was over-salted). My other favourite option is the classic Thai chicken meatballs (on a doughy steamed bun). My friends also rave about the spicy Neighbourhood Bird."}, {"review_id": "RfhOdhdoJBaP_CLX-hK27g", "user_id": "hZ8IeXoFQrpN_9MvByAbTQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/16/2018", "text": "Ekiben is as Asian Fusion as Asian Fusion gets. You will find a bunch of different cultures boxed into one dish, and all the ingredients complement each other very well. My brother and I stumbled across Ekiben in hopes of finding something warm and soothing to satisfy our hungers on a cold January afternoon. In all honesty, we were looking for a Japanese Ramen house, and thought Ekiben would provide what we were in search for... after a glance at the menu we discovered something greater. The restaurant itself is pretty small and can only accommodate possibly about 12 people at one time. I ordered the \"Neighborhood Bird\" (Spicy) with rice, and my brother had \"The Big Kim\". Luckily a couple of seats opened up just as our orders had come out, and we began to dive right in. If you're looking for some Asian comfort food, you've come to the right place. The food here will embrace you and make you feel right at home. The chicken was fried perfectly to be crispy on the outside and juicy in the inside, the sauce wasn't overpowering in any sense, and the pickled cucumber provided just the right amount of acidity to refresh your palette. Priced at $12 for what's essentially a rice bowl, this is a little overpriced; however, you will not be left hungry or disappointed that you gave it a try."}, {"review_id": "L7ugkQMMJO13jqay1yS7ew", "user_id": "ck1FtZr0wYXv7HBV5bU8ZA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/27/2018", "text": "We first read about Ekiben on Eater and were very excited to try them out . Our impression: Wow! Big flavors packing a punch in a small casual eatery with mainly counter seating and a couple of tables with bar stool seating . Good for eat and go. Not great to sit and chat. We ordered chicken meatballs over rice, tempura broccoli , lentils and rice and fried chicken bun. Everything was astounding great. Each dish nicely balanced with fresh herbs, spices, sauce. Even the rice was fluffy and fragrant and bun a huge white cloud . They also had an awesome sound system churning out cool tunes while we were eating .5 star food , 5 star service 5 star sound system What a great addition to Baltimore area. We will definitely be back if we are back in this area to try the other items on the menu."}, {"review_id": "bexXE8_vnSfgEmOE_bcOhA", "user_id": "hDGoHzlGwspqlE_UkZ2Vtw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/14/2018", "text": "The buns remind me of Taiwan and the spices remind me of Thailand! Two of my favorite places.   and of course, the deliciousness that is fried chicken and meatballs from America.  I tried The Original and The Neighborhood Bird. Ekiben is a definite must try when in the lovely city of Baltimore. The Original - Thai chicken meatballs with coconut peppercorn sauce. So juicy and tender. The Neighborhood Bird - crispy curry chicken with Sambal mayo and pickled cucumber on a Taiwanese bun garnish with fresh herbs.Great staff and great service as well!"}, {"review_id": "AUsNdxG9FJNGKwwfLDmEkA", "user_id": "oHaTQRn55ZDG3uTZO916EQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/30/2018", "text": "Ekiben is special. Neighborhood Bird (on a bun)- The wombo combo of Asian fusion in terms of flavors and textures. Crispy fried chicken perfectly spiced and seasoned on the outside while tender and juicy on the inside. Topped with sweet and tangy pickled veggies, crack sauce, and a dash of cilantro for that extra kick. All that is stuffed into a soft and fluffy steamed bun. Broccoli Tempura- This stuff is TASTY and is the next level broccoli tempura. The restaurant- Cool vibes with hip-hop music in the background and a collage of artwork posted on the walls. Limited seating, but easy to do take out. Thank you Ekiben for bringing good Asian fusion to Baltimore!"}, {"review_id": "NdWjVTYgukH7PK3v4WRG-A", "user_id": "ElItX6762HJ-Fo_XVLwkKQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/7/2018", "text": "Finally visited the brick and mortar location even though I've had a ton of Ekiben at pop-ups and various festivals throughout the city. I went with the Pork Shoulder and goodness gracious was it delicious. There is a reason these guys keep winning for best \"steamed buns\" in Baltimore. The whole time my friends and I were thinking of ways to convince them to just sell us the buns for personal consumption. Still working on a plan so if you have any tips let me know. You'll be happy with any of the dishes and they had vegetarian and vegan options as well. I'm not too big on tofu but they do it excellently."}, {"review_id": "bx8IYGbR2y_qs9fNKHoUlw", "user_id": "up1kzre_qKzXOdo3FiMN8w", "rating": 3.0, "date": "1/15/2018", "text": "Guys. I'm sorry. I just do not love this place as much as my fellow Yelpers. I really, really wanted to! My husband and I have been wanting to try Ekiben for quite some time now. We were in the area Saturday night and giddy with excitement, stopped in to finally indulge. After pouring over reviews for while, I already knew what I was going to order. We both went with The Neighborhood Bird (mine spicy & his regular) and I ordered a side of the broccoli. The place was a little crowded, but we were lucky enough to find a seat at a counter. Our food took the amount of time you would expect, not quick, but we weren't sitting and staring at the clock either. Name called, let's go! I try the broccoli first and...yeah grl. That is why this place has 3 stars for me insead of 2, the broccoli is BANGIN! You get a lot, it is perfectly battered and fried. It's incredible. I bite into the bird and I am let down. I don't want to say it and ruin this moment for my husband, but I watch him take a bite and then not talk about it either. So, we both sit there picking around it and I talk about the broccoli (which he hates, so he doesn't even try it). When we finally talk about the letdown (both leaving 1/2 of a sandwich behind), we agree the cilantro is a bit heavy, the sauce added minimum flavor and the chicken did not seem to be cooked through. I did think the chicken had a nice flavor and appreciated the curry spices. One last thing, I ordered mine spicy and didn't really taste any difference between our sandwiches. Bummed! We used to get Taiwanese fried chicken in DC from Maketto, which we were obsessed with and perhaps made us so excited, but this was a mess for me. Service was friendly, I appreciated the ice cold water and thought the broccoli was outstanding, just not a fan of the main event. I wouldn't let my review deter you, though, as this place is a huge hit for most!"}, {"review_id": "0l9O9D1AQoRHpHHqw6qPIA", "user_id": "XAo5ZzOxhNj_Bz7X0ofjyA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/28/2017", "text": "The food here has Southeast Asian tones, with strong sweet and tangy flavors, more so than Chinese tones. In my opinion, the first couple bites are delicious, but towards the end the food is unbearably sweet. My boyfriend and I came here for a weekday dinner - the restaurant has a small interior, so it gets crowded especially with the long line. However, some customers take their orders to-go and others who dine in finish quickly, so we were able to grab a seat within 10 minutes or so. We ordered the Neighborhood Bird, the Big Kim, and the tempura broccoli. We both liked the Neighborhood Bird more than the Big Kim in terms of flavor and texture (we like our deep fried chicken!) However, both their bao were rubbery and not warm. I noticed that the restaurant kept their bao in a warmed box rather than making them fresh. Fresh bao have a fluffy texture, and would've made the sandwiches a million times better. The tempura broccoli was also pre-made and barely warm - it would've been much more enjoyable fresh and hot. It still is very good, but similar to the sandwiches, the sweet taste eventually becomes redundant and overwhelming. Next time we come here, we'll likely order the sandwiches and a side that contrasts with the sandwiches."}, {"review_id": "-EPrqc6iR36kHcQgf2Omkw", "user_id": "qbC0B0DfIqnRbEQXz0m6VQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/20/2017", "text": "I love this place!! It's so unique. Their steamed buns are big, soft, and fluffy....cooked to perfection. I always order the neighborhood bird bun. The chicken is SO flavorful. It has a Taiwanese curry sauce and has that spicy kick to it. It's so yummy and filling. I also order the tempura broccoli on the side! Super good to snack on, but this place sure does fill you up. They also do some pop ups. I've seen them at R house in Baltimore. They also did a Halloween special for dollar buns if you dressed up. It was super cute because all of the employees dressed up too! The service is great. They are busy, but they are also fast with your order. The owners are super nice! I took my friends and cousin from out of town here and they loved it! It's a good spot if you are ever around this part of Baltimore. Will definitely come back again! I love Ekiben!"}, {"review_id": "B4icLRuplh9EvFBOQcxLtg", "user_id": "0N4WnsbVSmo2-A38S_kVWg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/13/2018", "text": "This place is hyped up around town. It's pretty good and in an area of town that is underrepresented. I work in Fells but not close enough to shoot over here at the drop of a hat. By now I have had every single thing on the menu. Right now my favorites are the catfish, tofu nugs and the dank broccoli with the Chinese sausage. DO NOT FORGET TO ADD THE CHINESE SAUSAGE. It is so great  the only bad thing about this place is there is not really a healthy option. Everything has rice, a bun or is fried. Party on!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/ekiben-baltimore?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]