[[{"review_id": "hwz1E9i3gvtrBHYkz7PP7Q", "user_id": "TcbV7Mdc0jqxZlYtLCBTAg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/20/2018", "text": "This place came highly recommended from local colleagues and completely delivered. Started out with raw local oysters and the cooked ( Parmesan and Boston). All were excellently prepared fresh and flavorful. Exactly what i would expect. Nice selection of local beers to complement the food. I went with an out meal stout and enjoyed it. I went with the crab cake for dinner and was impressed. Many are too fishy for me but this was perfect. Good balance of crab and filler to deliver just the right texture. The atmosphere here is what I would expect from an east coast fish shack. Excellent place for dinner with friends or on a date."}, {"review_id": "eYuDmT_OUjVkZLJBcyVyCg", "user_id": "p04yJ2U0-9JYCUHwrGpUgQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/12/2018", "text": "This was my third visit to Mama's and this time I brought a friend from out-of-town. We made reservations and were glad we did since it was packed yesterday (Sunday night). Mama's is my local go-to place for quality seafood with an inviting pub vibe. Every time I come here, I order the seafood chowder to start! The soup is very flavorful, has a  hint of smoky bacon, and has a variety of seafood in it (shrimp and scallops and clams). My friend and I both ordered the grilled oysters, half with the Parmesan and half with the paprika butter. We both preferred the paprika butter, as the oyster got lost in all the Parmesan. My friend also had the scallops on a potato cake. Our service was great as always. Overall, the ambience is warm and friendly, the seafood is fresh and not overly expensive, and the service is consistently good. I will definitely continue to frequent Mama's."}, {"review_id": "FsocK5tBuMO8kGq8SjlWXA", "user_id": "Uc10p1sRIEJndwgrAL2t7A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/11/2018", "text": "My family and I came here on a Thursday evening to celebrate my moms birthday. We were able to make a reservation online and were seated as soon as we arrived. It is a very intimate restaurant (typical of the Baltimore row home restaurants) and feels very cozy. We started with a bottle of wine for the table and the combination steamer. It came with steamed oysters, clams, and shrimp with potatoes and corn on the cob. BF and I also split a dozen raw oysters which were very yummy and fresh. For my entree I got a fried oyster po boy which was delicious! Service was very friendly and prompt. I would definitely come back for happy hour or a nice date night. Thanks for a great dinner Mama's!"}, {"review_id": "y_Mdam_raVYs7xsm5TvzKw", "user_id": "X_KbkWEHNrjRinyW_cBIdA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/27/2018", "text": "902 reviews and still going strong. While on business in Baltimore I was staying in the Inner Harbor and have friends that live close and know the local fares...and Mama's...good god this place is amazing. Get an oyster shooter, a Natty Bo, a crush (a local thing...and dangerous), order a half dozen, and get to work. I think in total we downed 3 dozen oysters and then I was dumb enough to order the double crab cake...stupid...worth it! The cakes are ridiculously large. They are mostly lump and claw meat with just a little breading for binder. I stole a few of my buddy's delicate and delectable fried skrimps, took a sip of the brew, and sat there happily hanging out on a bitterly cold day. Seriously. 5+++++ stars. If you visit Baltimore, Mama's is a mandatory must!!!!"}, {"review_id": "nA6eUB1_QcjRk6edGCjiGQ", "user_id": "Ekw7wuUTX36BtcPP6XnA-Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/25/2018", "text": "As you can tell by the rating, I really enjoyed this place.  There are so many things to talk about I don't know where to begin.   A colleague who lives in the area recommended Mamas and man was it good.  I really liked the cool vibe of the place.   We had lunch upstairs but wish we would have more time to hang downstairs at the bar.   The service was very good especially for the fact that it was during the lunchtime rush.  The food, what can I say.  It was the last meal I had in Baltimore, so it had to be more crabs.  I had the seafood chowder to start with and would recommend going with the bowl.  The cup would only be a tease.  Good amount of seafood in the chowder and the consistency was perfect.  For my main I had the crab cake sandwich.  Lots of crab, minimal breading.   Worth every penny.   There were a few other things I would have liked to try but it would have to wait for the next visit.  Wish I lived closer as I would be there daily.  As they say, \"Mama's does NOT disappoint."}, {"review_id": "imegI0M50FrChYBGrEBebA", "user_id": "4kmfWahEwb_iIDD95z4ilg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/13/2018", "text": "This place was so fun and the food was absolutely amazing. Talk about the freshest oysters. And you can't beat the Crushes! (Prior to this, I was a Crush virgin. I am impressed!) If you can make it for happy hour, it helps cushion the blow of the higher prices on the normal menu. But here, at the bar, I had the most fun time with excellent service and delicious food.I recommend the:- Oysters (all of them)- Steamed Shrimp- Crab Cake- Oyster Shooters (because why not?)- lobster bisque Shall I make another trip through Baltimore, this is the first place I am coming to eat!Follow me on my way to Foodietown! britneygfoodie.yelp.com"}, {"review_id": "WaV6Fl9Cqa5x6dzKCRbe7A", "user_id": "Cxfr7kQ4yeqHyY4MVWpt0w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/25/2018", "text": "Everyone had said that this restaurant was a staple of Baltimore- and they were right! We went here thinking they had extended restaurant week but turned out they didn't, but we went with it. With a bar-like casual atmosphere, the seafood is amazing! We got the Maryland Crab Soup and the SeafOod Chowder which were both amazing and very tasty. We then got the largest serving of crab dip I've ever seen, which was also yum. I ordered the Scallops which came with 6, which I was surprised and was salty but delicious. My boyfriend ordered the crab cakes which were possibly the best crab cakes I've ever had.We thought we'd hop over to Vaccaros got dessert but we were way too full! This place is a must go in Baltimore for delicious seafood!"}, {"review_id": "JNBdxBUpvYBisXt8iYSeFw", "user_id": "EQw_OROy_9L5Wyx7TQixvA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/17/2018", "text": "Wowzer. I came here for restaurant week and it was phenomenal! I ordered the BBQ Shrimp for appetizer which came with 4 jumbo shrimp and a delicious sauce and bread to soak it all up. For the entree I got the double crab cake platter ($5 extra) with the Mac and cheese and mixed vegetables. The crab cakes were amazing with the perfect amount of crab meat. The Mac and cheese was good but veryyyy oily. For dessert I got the bread pudding with Kentucky bourban sauce. Yummmmmm."}, {"review_id": "QV0Eyr61bee77Q8INHuodw", "user_id": "q4sbRMAS69Aq7_eWv_nc1w", "rating": 2.0, "date": "4/4/2018", "text": "I used to like this restaurant a lot but my recent visit was disappointing. We had fried calamari and oysters on the half shell as appetizer, the oysters were fine, but the fried calamari is obviously over cooked and the batter is so crispy that it hurt our month! I did mention this to our server and she just casually told us that there's a new guy in the kitchen working on the fried stuff today... and that's it. It's totally cool to hire new cook, but at least train them well before serving over cooked items. And then we also had the steamed mussels with white wine sauce, somehow the sauce was thicker than a regular white wine sauce and it also had a weird sour taste in it. The only item that didn't disappoint us was the bouillabaisse. Lots of sea food cooked in red sauce served over rice and a price of delicious cheesy bread. Overall, I think I might not be going back again."}, {"review_id": "krEk571yaMDlrG8iNWpDpw", "user_id": "DUOH3UHFHq-Ryj1s6SfBXg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/2/2018", "text": "Hands down, this is one of my favorite seafood restaurants of all time.My boyfriend and I came to Mama's for NYE dinner and they did not disappoint. We made reservations ahead of time and we were promptly seated at 8 pm.The upstairs is so cozy that it almost feels like you're eating by candlelight.  (Perfect for a romantic dinner.)Since this was our 4th time coming here, we didn't hesitate at all when ordering. They always have daily specials, but my boyfriend ordered the double crab cakes and I ordered the classic combo. (Your girl was hungry, because the NYE turn up was REAL .) Anywho, our food arrived within 15 minutes of us ordering it and it was AMAZING. Hot, fresh, crispy, all of the above; on top of that, we had an amazing waitress who was very attentive.Mama, what can I say?! Other than that I'll be back again and thank you for making our NYE dinner so special.  5/5 claps for these champs!"}, {"review_id": "ZCRqe-iMhf995ggAiTA0rg", "user_id": "_zGYqsflPnDFWI5K9SEjEw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/26/2017", "text": "I started a new tradition this Christmas by making a reservation here for dinner with my mom. We came in around 4:15pm and were seated right away. The place is fairly small and they pack you in kinda tightly. Since it was only two of us, we were seated very closely to another party of 2. It was uncomfortable at first but we made the most of it. The waiter took a long time to come over to our table. When he did, we ordered everything just in case it took him a while to come back. I'm not sure if the service is always this slow or if it was because it was Christmas. We ordered cups of Maryland crab soup as an appetizer. My mom ordered the blackened scallops with rice pilaf and roasted brussel sprouts. I ordered the single crab cake with mashed potatoes and brussel sprouts. The soup was pretty good. It was seasoned nicely but not overly salty. It didn't have a lot of crab meat but it was an ok amount for a cup of soup. My crab cake was everything I dreamed about. Yes, I dream of crab cakes. Don't judge me! It was full of lump crab meat with absolutely no filler. I'm still trying to figure out what was holding it together.  It was seasoned perfectly and had a creamy texture. The tarter sauce that accompanied it was also very good. The mashed potatoes were pretty tasty.  The brussel sprouts were ok. They had a nice crunch but could have been roasted a bit more. I tasted my mom's scallops and I was in seafood heaven. They were cooked and seasoned perfectly. They melted in your mouth. I would definitely make the trip to Baltimore to eat here again."}, {"review_id": "z_8pezn6dk11lRBic6G-Pg", "user_id": "0ZmNWorn7JcmEbvVCjPLrg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/6/2018", "text": "I'm hesitant to write this review because I still have high hopes for this place.I visited Mama's for the first time this past weekend. It was a busy Saturday since there was a pub crawl happening. I didn't have reservations so I was worried about not getting seating but somehow I managed to find on the street parking and get a seat all within about 5 mins.I was excited because I had been perusing the pics on Yelp and saw a million things I wanted to try. Some of the things pictured where not on the menu (like the crab quesadilla or the butter pecan cheesecake) but the two things I wanted to try the most were there.I ordered the grilled parm herb oysters (thinking back to my amazing char grilled oysters experience in NOLA) and the double crab cake entree. I didn't even get to take pics because I was so excited and dug right in. The oysters were not great...they had a lot of watery liquid under the cheese and the oyster kind of got lost in it. This was a bit odd to me and not at all what I was expecting. I ate it, but definitely would not order it again.The crab cakes were pretty good. I'm still pretty new to Maryland so I can't say they are the best though I can say they had the largest pieces of lump crab that I've ever had in any crab cake. It was pretty moist so I imagine the sandwich version would taste even better than the entree. I wasn't blown away but it satisfied my crab craving. It is pretty pricey but I will likely come back at some point to give other dishes a try maybe."}, {"review_id": "td3vjgsdtFdFGRyEdVJrfA", "user_id": "B3wUvRACylvqR52kfsTFdA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/23/2018", "text": "I would have probably gone 4.5 stars, as I did ask to have my Cream of Crab soup reheated, but the soup was yum, delish, & service by Matt (photo) was premier; absolutely engaging chatter. He knows what customer service is all about. The Great Gal, likewise, really enjoyed her Seafood Chowder.  Both soups followed by stacked filled Beef Tenderloin (His) and Tuna Burger (Hers) huge, 1/2 sandwiches. Check the photos for what is described as a 1/2 in Baltimore. Visiting or a regular in Canton, ya gotta drop in!!!"}, {"review_id": "0RF5gUKbykYMMEKvbIgKKg", "user_id": "fh_8Hjo4xw9fp3hFcqnC_g", "rating": 2.0, "date": "2/1/2018", "text": "I think I could easily go back to Mama's and have a 5-star experience because aspects of my dinner there were phenomenal, but the negatives were so bad that I can't rate this restaurant above 2 stars in good faith. Here's why: food poisoning. I went in with three others last Monday and we all were sick well into the next day. That just isn't acceptable. Add to that the extremely unprofessional bar service my boyfriend and I received during happy hour, my boyfriend's mussels coming out cold, and my po'boy being a complete disaster, and here we are.Now that all of that is off my chest, here's why I'm giving Mama's the benefit of the doubt: excellent table service upstairs, absolutely dreamboat calamari, and an oyster stew that will knock your socks off. The happy hour menu is exceptional, and, believe me, the bartenders don't skimp on those $5 crushes. Something tells me I'll be back sometime soon, but I'll definitely be a little more skeptical of the seafood next time around."}, {"review_id": "cjVagnrLFctWwcH00W2JVQ", "user_id": "_iFQizWlWQFH1nCSIOcNRA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "10/7/2017", "text": "Oysters and Drinks were awesome, and so was pretty much everything else. I came for seafood and was very happy that I did. Oysters- great!Clams casino- really tasty. Careful of the rock salt it can kill your tastebuds. Soup- tastes like vegetable soup with crab - it was good, but I would try other things.Lobster roll- real lobster and lots of it!! It was yummy!!I liked it!"}, {"review_id": "L-NmiwUxQ1j2j8OZrDjS5g", "user_id": "plSaLp5npMY3umDNiCzhTw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "12/26/2017", "text": "I bookmarked this place forever ago. So I visited while in the area a few months back. It was late but they were still open. I was surprised at how empty it was on a Friday night. Of course, living in NOVA, I'm never in Baltimore. So this was a must stop and I must say I was disappointed. We had a party of 6 and were seated right away. The service was mediocre and so was the food. For it to be relatively quiet, service was extremely slow. We ordered a couple of appetizers. My friend's hot wings had more feathers than buffalo sauce. I had the gumbo as a an appetizer and a shrink platter as my entree. The gumbo was just meh. The shrimp were good but nothing to write home about. Now their fries were delicious!!I'd like to give them another opportunity but I can't say when I'd be back in that area. So for now the 3-Star rating stands."}, {"review_id": "nhTDIfi5jrprf6ISKCKXPw", "user_id": "aeW1yNqVNocQ_NacoQQTxA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/20/2018", "text": "Late, Friday-night dinner over Christmas weekend. Survived a couple really close calls in the Uber to get to Mama's so I went in hoping the meal would be worth the near death experience. Bouncer at the door? Wasn't expecting that, but ok. We opted to sit upstairs which is the better area for convo.  Shout out to the bartender for the stiff drinks (mostly moscow mules & old fashioneds). I've gotta get better at writing my reviews more quickly because I'm struggling to remember exactly what the table ordered. I know for sure that I had a mac n cheese dish that I'd easily rate an 11 out of 10.  The calamari, and oyster Rockefeller were great as well.  I have to acknowledge that our waiter was extremely patient and understanding because I spilled cocktail sauce all over the table no less than 3 times (again, shout out to those mules) and he never seemed to mind.  Great ambiance, extremely attentive and knowledgeable staff, solid drinks, delicious grub. Really, what more could you ask for? If I remember what my friends ordered, I'll be sure to update this review with that info a little later."}, {"review_id": "iPtBmnytBUojvit6ySWw7g", "user_id": "QrOTMYJ72NrtaG1aw8dGQA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/24/2017", "text": "We stumbled onto this place Christmas Eve while searching for an open place to grab a bite after 34th Street. O. M. G. The food was to die for.  I had the scallops and Mac-n-Cheese, and a Breckinridge Vanilla Porter Nitro. Unbelievable. Everything was amazing. Our server, Tarah, was the best. I will come back. I will bring friends. Mouthgasmic."}, {"review_id": "mUb3h92RXQwFxLsnhmy_1w", "user_id": "MUIpOCyz4a_5y2Q3DTDAMw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "6/14/2017", "text": "My GF & I decided to hit up Mama's for date night. Our server was awesome, recommended items, drinks. I had the classic combo( crab cake, shrimp, fish, scallops, oysters) to get a sampling of all the dishes (broiled crab cake) everything from the scallops to crab cake was amazing. Also a house Caesar, fries and house tartar and cocktail sauces are tasty. My GF had the steamed shrimp and house salad. Huge shrimp and a large salad. We both had drinks the classic orange crush was good and a solid beer list. Overall Mama's is a Gem in canton. Amazing crab cake & shrimp. Great service and staff. it's about a 3 min walk from my residence. I will be back in the near future for sure."}, {"review_id": "Zw6jZ9G7PpLqdXiDFwvmTA", "user_id": "m944_3FLgB7ta47JhL3K9Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "The most delicious Salmon BLT sandwich! Can't wait to visit and have another!!! Price point was reasonable. My child moved to Baltimore and this was the first restaurants in Baltimore we ate in. A wonderful surprise for amazing food & great atmosphere."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/mamas-on-the-half-shell-baltimore?adjust_creative=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=TpLShpR2csZ2AtLGvsRWXw"]