[[{"review_id": "Y3NEEZPdALdz4gi7k8-OAQ", "user_id": "xFSLb_pxXta5G4oaRB1ylQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/27/2017", "text": "How have I lived so close to this place and completely ignored it for a year?!?!?!? We came here one weekend evening after finding it on Yelp and we were very glad we did. Located near the \"X\" in Springfield, this place has some solid competition for Italian food in Western Mass, and in my opinion far outshines many of those options. The inside is SMALL, with very few tables, so if you come during peak hours be prepared to wait some, but it is worth it. The inside (including bathrooms) were clean, well maintained and modern in design. There is a very large bar that takes up way too much room (for the size of the space) in my opinion, but many people were sitting at it and eating as well, so that is useful I suppose. They have a full bar selection and a decent wine selection with some great affordable options. The food is just excellent. Starting with the bread with the unnecessarily heavy (but still delicious) garlic olive oil and warm bread. Both of our entrees were spectacular, and we were both bummed and excited we couldn't eat more and had to take some home for leftovers. The dishes were unique (flavors I hadn't had before), and fresh. I also appreciated that the prices were reasonable. I will definitely be returning here, it is well worth a trip out of the way and worth a long weekend wait if necessary."}, {"review_id": "GevQwjnFoQTSeOMOl8cVJQ", "user_id": "V1AHBVJxB5GoUHRqVtoAbQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "I had heard about this place for many years, particularly about how consistently good it was. I was in town in March for a couple days and went to check it out. The space is commercial but is cozy and inviting.  You immediately get a sense that folks who are there have been regulars. Our waitress was attentive despite the full house and knowledgeable about the menu. I got the lobster shrimp fradiavlo and my husband got the fish of the day and we were both very pleased. I now understand why folks are such fans of the place and will add it to my \"must go to spots\" when I am back in Western MA."}, {"review_id": "uL5c7KI2_uPXt6ir-ie1qA", "user_id": "PxJnjRuJrBmaDqKE-R-fMQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/19/2017", "text": "I ordered takeout from here and absolutely loved it! I had the Typical Mac and Cheese, which was a special, and the Lazy Cannoli for dessert. The Typical Mac and Cheese was tasty and a huge portion - big enough for two meals. The sauce also worked well for dipping bread into. The Lazy Cannoli was great as well - the sweet ricotta cream was rich and smooth and the Cannoli chips were crispy. Overall, this was a great meal, and I would love to come back for dine-in one day. My only qualm about this restaurant is the parking. The restaurant itself only has about 8 parking spots. There is a lot across the street for another business, and street parking down the street (you can't park there from 8am-6pm). I parked down the street and was fine since it only took a few minutes to get my takeout and leave. However, I would definitely recommend asking the hostess where to park for those that get there and find that the restaurant's lot is already full."}, {"review_id": "FuNonNSi44FXfVJRk0zxeQ", "user_id": "aHHH9vCh1eDExeKiX2nG_A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/11/2018", "text": "A sextet of us went for dinner last night so we could make a reservation. All of our meals were fabulous. I had a Caesar salad and calamari. There was enough left over for two more mealsA unique feature is the very thinly sliced potatoes   Delicious. Our server Emily was great and we will ask for her next time Bon appetite"}, {"review_id": "_32ZQIXoGcIcNomp0psbNw", "user_id": "i1CeN3yc1oJwru8HrfHvvA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/25/2018", "text": "This little restaurant is such a gem. But make sure you get there early for a table- it can get really packed! Definitely the perfect place for a special occasion. Their wine selection is great. Food is just phenomenal Italian cooking. My mother is Italian and can be picky about her Italian food- we brought her here and she said she felt like her Sicilian mother was cooking for her- it's that good!!!"}, {"review_id": "QlQebLs4vFy-7Fbiqe60Zw", "user_id": "HnA5p4Hv_kSzUFxjhlRm4A", "rating": 1.0, "date": "12/29/2016", "text": "I ordered the 'special' Veal Saltimboca which turned out not to taste right. A combination of over cooking and excessive cheese seemed to be the culprit in my opinion. I complained to my waitress who sent for the manager (who I had met before). It was explained to me that this was a special family recipe and nothing could be done to accommodate a customer who did not like his meal. Hence I sat there hungry watching my friend eat. At the end I received a bill for $30 for what could only be described as one of the worst eating experiences I have had in a long time.Bottom line, I will not be returning and intend to advise my friends not to do so. My fourth and last time having dinner there."}, {"review_id": "Syu6bax7PvIy-nGWKQJSQQ", "user_id": "eiT9MMlEg7xzX2zqeymQRA", "rating": 2.0, "date": "9/10/2017", "text": "We found the place to be just ok. The waiters (males) are very nice and a few of the younger waitresses, that seem like they are fairly new and untainted yet, are very nice as well, but some of the women working there, that seem like they have been there a while, have a really bad attitude. The hostesses- no smile, not engaging, treats you like you are a nuisance to her, and walking you over to your table is a great chore. She looked like we were bothering her because she has far better and more important things to do than seating us.  Thankfully we got a waiter who was very nice. As far as food: the dipping oil+garlic was DELICIOUS. The arancini was as well. The grilled artichokes were good. For mains we ordered one of their signature pastas and their mussels that were on special that day. The pasta came right away and I was forced to stare across the table at my partner who was eating, while I waited for my mussels for about 20+ minutes. When they finally arrived the sauce was so salty that the dish was practically inedible. I ended up returning the mussels and we ended up sharing the pasta ( which was also on the salty side but nothing compared to the mussels). Our waiter was very friendly and apologetic so we were ok with it. Normally I would not leave a review for this place until I went back again. The flavors were definitely there in the food, especially the pasta. It just seemed like someone had a heavy hand with salt that day. The appetizers were also great. However, the attitudes of the hostess and some of the waitresses was so poor that I decided to leave a review after all. At some point I went to the bathroom, which is located next to the hostess' stand. She was standing there with another waitress and it was clear that they are quietly talking about something that is not work related. I wanted to go up to them to ask where the bathroom was, but before I got to them, they both looked up at me and gave me a stare as if they didn't want me to bother them and interrupt their conversation...  so I found the bathroom on my own lol. I would give the food a try again, but I would also make sure to request the same waiter, because he is the only reason this is not a one star review."}, {"review_id": "Ozjq7a9JLtijuvrAH41yXQ", "user_id": "VgYlyMGthtE8x8-LzaJXGQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/27/2017", "text": "This is really authentic Sicilian food to tell you the truth.  My best friends mom is directly from Sicily and I was thinking I was at the family table with every course!The pasta sauce was really very good and simple just perfect.  Very reasonably priced.  The best for last is the service!  I am not joking or exaggerating when I tell you this is possibly the most attentive staff I have ever experienced. We were not rushed at all but at the same time we never waited one second for table bread, water, drinks, or wrapping our left overs.  Very professional in all aspects!   No wonder they are always busy!"}, {"review_id": "62fTVYSh7urPWA6wnksgKg", "user_id": "_4pkc9wMxIOOY1P_ekxnhA", "rating": 2.0, "date": "12/16/2017", "text": "I've been twice. First time was amazing. Very very disappointing tonight. Servers continually tried to rush us out, take dishes away while we were eating them including our appetizer. And there wasn't even a wait...Bathrooms were dirty.Food was ok. Bread was amazing. Will try one more time and hope it's better."}, {"review_id": "iRs5BNTBa402nHXjUXdtHw", "user_id": "9GGNIrkCN0Rk0cSmMrPEVw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "6/17/2017", "text": "The place is small and loud but the food is amazing. Sicilian food with a flare and very consistent. One of my favorite places to eat hands down"}, {"review_id": "AMtswb_cMIgB6X4rHuBDiA", "user_id": "os-RZwa6j3L4Qga0PS4sJw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/13/2018", "text": "One of the best Italian restaurants I have eaten at. I've always gone home with thinking this is the best meal I have ever eaten. Thumbs up to the Typical Sicilian and the staff they have. Incredible experience they provide. They earn my utmost respect and will take my friends and family's business over any other Italian restaurant. Well done!"}, {"review_id": "ZyuzlTIwFzWGQN-TkMJDjA", "user_id": "XXKnbdw87o7TtwWxGGG3jg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "6/11/2016", "text": "My father used to work in the area and would bring home buckets of their pasta at least once a week.  He has been raving about this place (and their arancini) for years so we finally drove all the way out here from Boston.  The trip was well worth it and I would do it again and again. The fresh baked bread and olive oil for dipping was the perfect way to start a meal for our hungry bunch.  The service was friendly and very warm.  We got here the minute they opened at 5pm and they were happy to accommodate us as we were both hungry and in a rush to leave by 5:45p.The food:The arancini were delicious until the very last bite.  The order came with 3 medium sized balls that were just perfect to share with our party of 3. We ended up sharing the entree's.NONNA'S RIGATONI BOLOGNESE was just unbelievable.  The meatballs were the most tender bites of yumminess I have ever had in meat form.  The pasta noodles and sauce were a perfect combination.Chicken SALTIMBOCCA - the sauce, the sauce, the sauce was just outstanding.Chicken Parmesan -- well there had to be one.  Yes I ordered the chicken parm because I just could not decide and went with the old italian staple.  It was a bit underwhelming, but I did enjoy the sauce.Looking forward to coming back soon and trying something else... oh and lost more arancini."}, {"review_id": "PJA1SEp2KDhCcfQN7yYI0w", "user_id": "48OU0FCircZy-HNYqpmSCA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/8/2017", "text": "Went to celebrate a friends birthday. She was able to get reservations and we had a very nice table. We ordered several rounds of drinks. I ad a special with ginger beer and it was delicious. The only down side is the entrees don't include a salad. We ordered a house salad to share. I had a special typical Sicilian mac and cheese with bacon and breaded chicken. This meal was so huge!!! I ate some at the table but most I packed to go home. I had the dish for lunch and dinner the following day. The typical sauce is a bit salty but it's also so damn addicting! I can't wait to go back again. The place is small so maybe try to get a reservation."}, {"review_id": "Trldv1aT8_LAehQk29Aprw", "user_id": "AVrD70XY2TLNBzVZXzXFRQ", "rating": 2.0, "date": "5/21/2017", "text": "Our meal was early on a busy Saturday evening, hostess was very nice and helpful. We arrived at 5:30 the wait was 45 minutes, reservation not available our was below the 5 needed to reserve. Service was prompt and when seated and we did not feel rushed, our server was cheerful and helpful, although she did return and ask how we were enjoying our selections. Portions were generous and the two pasta entrees were very good. Sadly our veal dishes were very disappointing, in fairness time and circumstances did allow for providing the our hosts an opportunity to remedy things.I would go again, avoid the veal and be a bit skeptical about server input since all of our meal choices were affirmed as 'best ever!'."}, {"review_id": "_nj5J38dsQBZlgaGluWoeg", "user_id": "AkulIRH3DvsPS682rU9iNQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/11/2017", "text": "This is by far the best food ever! I have been ordering take out and eating in this place for years. My boyfriend and i would order every week. Let me say this, The boyfriends gone but the restaurants still here! Lol as an added bonus, you can use gift cards on take out! My favorite: penne typical! Nothing typical about it. Sooo yummy!And may i suggest to some of the reviewers that weren't happy, please give it another go. You wont be disappointed, i promise!"}, {"review_id": "YbKKtChYlF83Y5PRHwcW7Q", "user_id": "myONyLyGyuCziqOOA8BePg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "7/13/2016", "text": "Pro: Great italian food, generous portion, clean and organized. It is hard to believe there is such good restaurants near the X. Con: a bit too loud and the cappuccino is absolutely miserable!"}, {"review_id": "_KMx9o9XPFhedIGrj-K_iw", "user_id": "8oiV65X1wdNmf-HSh4PjHA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/29/2016", "text": "Always the best food and atmosphere in Spfld! Hands down are the artichokes and oysters Nuna the best appetizers within 50 miles, incredible! Enzo and Stephania have a special, unique and one of a kind spot, u must experience!"}, {"review_id": "DyrjVOv9WmyuQEEuUHFUvw", "user_id": "P0W_0qSDRWLJp2y3c_84ug", "rating": 2.0, "date": "7/29/2016", "text": "We had heard such good things about Typical Sicilian and couldn't wait to try it out.  We were finally able to go and were pretty disappointed.   The place is very small, so even though I had called before I came in with my wife and 2 children, and was told there was no wait, 15 minutes later there was a 30 minute wait.  That was fine.  We were determined to enjoy dinner.  Seeing how crowed it was, you'd assume they'd try and turn tables quickly, but we sat at our table for a while before we were approached by waitstaff.  It took a while for drinks too.  We ordered an app and the waitress ran off to put the order in and we didn't see her again for a while, which seemed odd because we hadn't ordered our meal.  She eventually came back to take our order after our calamari arrived which must have been 20-25 minutes after my hungry family sat down to eat.  Thankfully we had bread.  Many of the items on the menu are made with Typical Sauce, which I was curious about.  I asked the waitress if I could taste it so I could know if we wanted to order any entrees with it.  She brought us a little bowl with the calamari and it was very tasty.  The problem is, they charged us $5 for it and we ended up throwing most of it away.  If someone had told us it was going to cost $5 to taste their sauce, we would have passed.   Another pet peeve is being charged for soda refills. Even though most places don't charge, I know some still do.  But they should tell you before they bring you refills.  Not only was I charged for several diet sodas.  My wife was charged for soda water.  This led to a bill that came to more that $70... which was a shock.  To throw salt in the wound, after 2 hours, we still had to sit our our table and wait a while for someone to take our check.  I eventually just brought it up myself.  I mentioned to the hostess and a manager my concerns about the charges and was basically met with indifference and. \"well, that's just how we do it.\"  No attempt to make things right. That's fine.  We won't be back.  Too bad.  The food was good."}, {"review_id": "URs31lkOjdJeK0A3si3R7A", "user_id": "mAJ7sAbBqI8aowsSSLPYVA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/11/2016", "text": "I mentioned to the waitress that the meatball appetizer had too much garlic in them. She seemed afraid to tell the chef. The rest of our meal was wonderful.Previously, about a month ago  we were there and ordered the pasta with meat sauce that had a meatball on top that was great. I called this past week to tell the manager about the meatballs that had too much garlic .She asked if I had told the waitress the night we were there. I told her I did but she seemed afraid to tell the chef or the manager. The restaurant has great food ,good service but dont make a complaint because they will not tell the chef or if you call them they will not make good on your complaint."}, {"review_id": "lO-Mu4f1QJKOvo-KSGSkLw", "user_id": "9bvlW5Gos1kxzvcM3c-12w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/7/2015", "text": "The devotees of this little Italian restaurant have raised it to near cult status. Since moving to the area 3 years ago I have heard more about this place than any other dining establishment in the greater Springfield area. Last night was my first time dining there and by all measure it was a very nice introductory experience. The menu begins with a goodly selection of appetizers, so if you were inclined to chose a couple off the list it would make for a very nice dinner and give you the opportunity to try several interesting items rather than the customary single entree. My meal began with a mixed green salad like most would expect from a restaurant of this caliber but that's where the distinction ends, the house made Gorgonzola/Parmesan dressing is shear bliss, really very nicely done. Perhaps a few crumbles of Gorgonzola on the salad might have been a nice finishing touch but I'm not complaining as that dressing is definitely a crowd pleasing winner. For my main course I chose Linguini Margherita, pan-fried shrimp, scallops, lightly floured pan fired artichoke hearts, cooked with clam broth and plum tomatoes, garlic and olive oil, finished with a little Parmesan cheese. This is a very robust flavorful dish, the seafood was perfectly cooked, the pasta was al dente the way I like it but the show stopper were the artichoke hearts. The artichokes were flavorful, beautifully cooked and added a wonderful complementary level of interest to this nicely prepared seafood plate. I chose a glass of Monorosso Chianti which was very good and lingered over the linguini enjoying every morsel while chatting with folks at the bar. Just before leaving, I used the restroom which was not only immaculate but nicely decorated, a level of detail oftened over looked by many restaurants. As I exited the restroom I glanced to my right and found another level of attention to detail that Typical Sicilian does right, a double door red wine bottle cooler with digital temperature display set to a perfect 63 degrees. These folks have figured out that small and large details matter and that is why they have the following they do and that is why I will be back."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/typical-sicilian-springfield-2?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]