[[{"review_id": "Mt_Vy8DZra6fFW7qRjOttA", "user_id": "D2T7eHgZIOykdAIReog3eg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/21/2018", "text": "What I ordered: Rumanian Pastrami and Corned Beef Combo ($13.50) Pros:- Best Smoked Meat sandwich I've tried compared to other places I've been to in Montreal. The meat is well marinated and proportion of meat is generous. - Particularly enjoyed the blend of sweet, salty, and smoky flavours. The coleslaw filling was also complementary. - Bread wasn't soggy and had a minty herb flavour which was quite good. - Even though there was a line, I was able to get my food quickly enough and find a place to sit down. - if you can't finish, they'll give you a piece of aluminum foil and brown bag to wrap up leftovers. Cons:- Very crowded with the take out and dine in lines comparatively long. - Open only Monday to Friday until 3pm. - Seating can be cramped especially with 3+ people"}, {"review_id": "jEq6zkTZJ_U883lNFPDXew", "user_id": "5n7X8pJVSnzWHNi1Miwd_g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/1/2018", "text": "Stopped in after this place was recommended to me. I ordered the Pastrami and Corned Beef Sandwich. Both of the meats were tasty and the sandwich also came with Slaw and Swiss Cheese. The flavor combo of the cheese, meat and slaw were excellent. It came out on light rye which just added to the taste. The place was your typical deli, you ordered from the line and then it was made in front of you. They have a few other sandwich options that I will definitely be back for when I am back in Boston. Torn between the Cuban and the Reuben next time."}, {"review_id": "Dvqnef8UaABPtFpvVNzsSQ", "user_id": "fZmhzLVEpQZxmRE-RkEFxw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/20/2018", "text": "Sam LaGrassa's is amazing.  If you want a sandwich, and want to spend a little extra on lunch, then this is the perfect place.These sandwiches are huge.  To quote the late Mitch Hedberg, \"It's like a cow with a cracker on either side\".  I have no problem eating just half of one for lunch, and saving the rest for an after-dinner gorge.There's a new sandwich called the Pastrami Diablo, and it's one of the best sandwiches I've ever had:  \"Rumanian pastrami with monterey jack cheese, thin sliced bermuda onion, apple wood smoked bacon, chipotle mayo, bbq sauce, and hot cherry peppers served on a french round roll.\"There's so much happening between two pieces of bread.  It's savory with the pastrami and bacon, it's cheesy with the... cheese, and somehow, with the combination of everything else on it, it has a big hit of sweetness.They have all the usual suspects you'd find in a sandwich shop.  All sorts of cheeses, all sorts of bread... you'll find anything you're looking for here.For the area, it's a little expensive.  This is more of a once-in-a-while place.  Both because the sandwiches are gigantic, and because it's more expensive than other lunch places in the immediate area (a sandwich costs around $13-$14).  But it's *incredibly* worth the price."}, {"review_id": "H9MdpITeogK2HxLHUDoCNQ", "user_id": "q0qfXy1rflTmr9Q7IfVCeA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/14/2018", "text": "[3.5/5] Maybe I just ordered the wrong thing but unpopular opinion, I did not really enjoy my lunch from Sam LaGrassa's. My friend and I decided to each order a sandwich and swap halves.For our first sandwich we had the Pastrami Diablo, a new-ish sandwich to the menu. I personally was underwhelmed by the sandwich. Instead of the bbq sauce and apple wood bacon balancing the salt of the pastrami, the sandwich actually still just tasted salty - perhaps the bacon actually added to it; I also felt it lacked the heat that the name and ingredients led me to think it would deliver.To balance the pastrami-based sandwich, the second sandwich was the Triple Club. I actually really enjoyed this one to my own surprise and I also must add, after eating the disappointing Pastrami Diablo, I was still quite full (believe it - Sam LaGrassa's serves up HUGE sangys, no joke) so I took the half a Triple Club on to the TRAIN. Let me tell you, this sandwich still held up halfway into my trip from Jersey to Boston. I can only imagine what it tastes like fresh if I enjoyed it this much after the fact.I'm not ruling Sam LaGrassa's entirely out, but I am not on the bandwagon yet either."}, {"review_id": "RF91NzryvkqjNNGSuTo-vQ", "user_id": "BX9rJpjLMshHZVnESFhhVw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/25/2018", "text": "Do a little dance, make a little love, get Sam LaGrassa's for lunch! Because it is only open for lunch on a weekday. That means you better get your butt over here and grab one of the best sandwiches you'll have in your life! To be honest, I'm just adding to one of the best reviewed restaurants in Boston. This place know's how to make a bomb sandwich. Each bite explodes flavor into your mouth. Sure they cost around $14 for one, but it's worthy of it. You get a fresh deli sandwich with close to 2 inches of fresh deli meat packed with cheese on fresh bread with a nice light deli pickle. We got 3 sandwiches when we came. The pastrami/corned beef with coleslaw (OMG), roast beef with swiss cheese (delicious), and a pastrami only with swiss cheese (amazing) and shared the other halves with each other. I seriously only ate half of one and was already on the verge of calling it quits because I was getting full. But then I thought, oh hell with it and finished the other half. When you come to Sam's, you are getting a high quality deli sandwich. Prepare to walk away with that happy full satisfaction because this place definitely hits the spot!!"}, {"review_id": "-s-tPSsmJsBYq6xWqmangA", "user_id": "T7fsOvr7VeAAbIPiw1x6lQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/6/2018", "text": "I'm sorry but it is f***ed up how good this place is. First off, you'll never come here and not see a line. The prices maybe on the higher end for a sandwich but believe me everything is worth it here. And the line goes fast! So don't be deterred. It's a great lunch spot if you're in the area but be aware that there may not be a lot of seating and that you may have to stand (they have a section to the far right of the restaurant). I have gotten many things here, but shamefully have only been able to control my appetite long enough for one picture of one of their sandwiches. Everything is good, but if you're coming to Sam's you really up to get their pastrami. Whether it is their Chipotle, South Western, or BBQ Pastrami Melt, you cannot go wrong.I will say, I prefer the Southwestern but the addition of Cole slaw in the Chipotle Pastrami is a game changer.Now let me be clear, all their other sandwiches are great, like their turkey and chicken , but their pastrami is just on another level. My friends from NY (because they're \"experts\" on great pastrami) have loved Sam LaGrassa's! They're only open for lunch time during the week so please do yourself a favor and schedule day stop by this local business!!!TIP: If you're hitting the spot up for lunch, split your sandwiches with a friend so you can try two sandwiches!"}, {"review_id": "x-gNeqLGS81LTGhsCNYHVQ", "user_id": "Yxj8O3t-szlSK6zGETYUSQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/4/2018", "text": "Is anyone else ready for a very special review and overall dethroning of all other pastramis I have had the pleasure of enjoying? Who's ready? Feel that build up, I promise I will not do justice in my review.Best Pastrami that I have ever tasted. I forget what is on it, but it envelopes all things sweet and savory in one mouth watering bite. By the way I am currently only talking about the free tasting they gave me before ordering. Sweet, hint of spice, savory of that succulent meat.The sandwich I ate at a place called Legal Seafood... I am so happy I brought this sandwich. Coleslaw was tangy and paired well with the sweetness of the pastrami. The russian dressing nommers. The cheese was perfectly salty. I ate half of it rather quickly and offered the other half to my colleagues who wanted the seafood restaurant. The consensus was, I had made the correct choice. This led to me becoming the food selector for that rest of our business trip.Oh yeah... there was potato salad too. Not to speak ill of the potato salad but it was nothing compared to the sandwich. Yet, it was so delicious as well. I had forgotten about it and started eating it 30 minutes later and it held up man.THE VERDICT:I don't know who Sam is, but I like what he/she has created because it is so delicious. Why this place isn't talked about more is a mystery to me. Although there is a certain curse that comes with being \"famous\" and Sam is currently avoiding that. I wish I lived closer because I would go there at least once every two weeks. If you know me that is say quite a lot."}, {"review_id": "jyUkgBRVHTnWgvR7sx029w", "user_id": "FbxIMGmubYW5ukS1IiPjpw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/8/2017", "text": "My favorite sandwich is the pastrami/corned beef combo. The soft rye is perfect and you won't find that bread anywhere else. They have a bakery make their recipe for them and for no one else.The meat is best described as beef bacon. Good meat to fat ratio, sliced paper thin. They put Cole slaw on the sandwich so it's technically a Rachel (as opposed to a Reuben).The pickles are delicious too!"}, {"review_id": "OWPZCT3KXDsMDV9HEYBYrg", "user_id": "rrMCS0W5zIvZjk2V9kz_lA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/13/2018", "text": "I LOVE Sam LaGrassa's! The location is slightly hidden and I would have never found out about it if it wasn't for a coworker but I am certainly happy they introduced me to it! The deli sandwiches are honestly the best I have found thus far in Boston. There are a wide variety of sandwich options and even the ability to craft your own. If you're going to Sam LaGrassa's do not make the rookie mistake I did and order one sandwich for yourself. These portions are meant to be shared. I got the corned beef pastrami combo and it did not disappoint. The sandwich came with a pickle and was backed with meat and cheese it lasted me two meals! The only downside to the deli is that it is expensive. I ordered this one sandwich and a side of potato salad and it put me out $20. I definitely plan to visit LaGrassa's again but next time I am definitely brining a friend to share the sandwich with!"}, {"review_id": "4d4dJZWI_fKj0-8bKvSAyQ", "user_id": "hWDybu_KvYLSdEFzGrniTw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/17/2017", "text": "Holy crap, this is one of the best sandwiches that I have ever had since I started Yelping nearly nine years ago. I am not exaggerating. I don't usually go back to places - you don't get to 8300 reviews by going to the same places all the time. But you can be sure that I will be back to Sam LaGrassa's.I had the corned beef and pastrami combo and it was amazing. Sometimes, you bite into a pastrami sandwich and it's all stringy bits that come pouring out with that bite. Not today.Sometimes, you bit into a rye bread sandwich and the bread is gooey or hard. Not today.Sometimes, you bite into a sandwich with cole slaw on it and it's too wet or too tangy. Not today.This sandwich was perfection. The corned beef was tender. The pastrami was firm. The bread was soft. The cole slaw held together to the last bite. Even the two halves of the pickle was crispy and excellent.This was a hell of a sandwich. Absolutely spot on.Round number review #8300"}, {"review_id": "HRTbQ7CkH_QT3Fof1-0JvQ", "user_id": "fgZHY0YmiW7UpoSlJq5ylQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "I've been meaning to go here for a while now and now I'm regretting every moment I ate anywhere else. The pastrami sandwich has changed my life. It's essentially Boston's Katz Deli and it was every bit as tasty and I'm just so happy. This place has just made me resolve to come back at least once a week."}, {"review_id": "-RYOSpTAcmVSCxvV9NN72Q", "user_id": "v8Ddr8dOEWqadmiisTLhGA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/30/2017", "text": "Sam LaGrassa's is a family-operated deli led by three brothers. The deli arguably serves the best sandwiches in Boston. 1. What is the restaurant like? This is a casual deli, with a cafeteria-style ordering process: you wait in line, pick up your tray, place your order, and pay for your meal. Despite the regularly long queues, the diner is rather efficient at moving customers along.2. What should you get here?Sam LaGrassa's offers an expansive selection of sandwiches, but the most popular is undoubtedly the pastrami corned beef combo. I ordered the pastrami diablo with a side of clam chowder. The clam chowder was fine though not exactly memorable. The pastrami diablo, however, was a sandwich worth trying. This hefty sandwich was piled high with pastrami, monterey jack cheese, onions, bacon, chipotle mayo, bbq sauce, and hot cherry peppers. The pastrami was the star of the show, but the other ingredients elevated the flavor profile of the sandwich. The hot cherry peppers contributed some heat and helped to cut out the saltiness from the meat while the bacon added a welcome crunch. 3. Other notes:- Only open from 11 am - 3:30 pm on weekdays- The restaurant was featured on Guy Fieri's show Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives- The sandwiches can be shared, especially between lighter eatersI'm glad to have finally checked this one off the Boston bucket list but I'd like to return for Sam LaGrassa's other beloved sandwiches."}, {"review_id": "gIfnrbBnRt6rFWqFUIA4Ew", "user_id": "IBwFLoMF4mhC4FRAdlyXAA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/3/2018", "text": "I honestly think this is my favorite sandwich restaurants ever. I discovered this place through my current job. Pretty often at my job we have lunch and learns where vendors educate us (the agency) on their capabilities. Usually they host it as a lunch and learn and they provide the lunch. A common favorite is Sam LaGrassas. This place has one of the most fresh sandwiches I've ever had. Their quality is consistent. I believe you can do catering well, you are top notch quality. No questions asked. My favorite is their pastrami sandwich with cheese. So good!"}, {"review_id": "sQCcr4cvXzX10vxdrrdk9A", "user_id": "SQXsow-nuLYYQnTcsIedIA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/5/2017", "text": "When a place is only open from 11 am - 3:30 pm during the week, has lines out the door on the daily, and has been serving up family recipes for ridiculous sandwiches since 1968 - you KNOW it's going to be goooood.Thanks to Guy Fieri and his trip to flavortown at Sam LaGrassa's a few years back, I discovered the chipotle pastrami and my life has been more flavorful ever since. This sandwich is everything. A heaping portion of house-made pastrami, chipotle honey mustard, coleslaw and swiss cheese nestled between a grilled Italian roll.  The cheese is perfectly gooey and melted from the hot pastrami, the honey mustard is the perfect hint of spice to balance the sweet coleslaw and the pastrami....that pastrami is just out of this world. As Guy would say - shut the front door. This is #LunchGoalz if I've ever seen them.Come hungry, as the sandwiches are quite large. They come with house made pickles, too which are divine. If you're feeling extra you can also get the fries. Totally unnecessary as you will be quite full, but also never a bad idea because they are so so tasty! These are huge steak fries and fried to golden brown perfection. A lunch at Sam LaGrassa's will cost you around $15 but it is well worth it. The sandwich is definitely shareable (especially if you want to avoid a food coma at the office) BUT trust me, you will not want to share once you take your first bite. When living in Boston, every visitor who came during the week was taken to Sam LaGrassa's. Out of the 20+ people we hosted in 3 years, not one complaint on this pastrami. It is heavenly and I miss it oh so much.Don't be deterred by the lines. They move really fast, and typically you can always find a seat once your food is ready. It's sandwich magic."}, {"review_id": "2eLh5SY85qpEHdHsxBqDhA", "user_id": "K47RXWydxGWGQOJfFViPaA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "Best BBQ pastrami sandwich I have ever had. I would have snapped a picture, but with my hunger raging, I couldn't help but to dig in. The sandwich had a very generous portion of pastrami on it, with bbq sauce and melted Swiss cheese on it. Excellent, just excellent! Writing this, makes me want to drive back for another. Must stop in and have one of these sandwiches."}, {"review_id": "davCa-O_2z6Hfvq8Z10ISg", "user_id": "-_FCaLa5eYXedOotc7J18Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/13/2017", "text": "Must Visit!!!Food: 5.0 of 5.0Service: 5.0 of 5.0Environment: 5.0 of 5.0This place is perfect!!! The best Chipotle Pastrami sandwich my friend and I have ever had!!! Service was super friendly and responsive, giving us popular suggestions and even changing the order last minute because we were indecisive! Environment is great for groups, a quick stop or even to dine and hangout! Would highly recommend and pressure everyone to stop by here!!!"}, {"review_id": "HY4mwor1TvxgJbddZq0XIg", "user_id": "GN83yGu-5Isw5iVJ5cFj9w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/30/2017", "text": "If only I can afford them on a regular basis.  Sandwiches are generally $13+...but you do get a decent amount of goods in between the bread.  My favorite is the eggplant mushroom red pepper sandwich.  Their potato salad rocks, too.  Not too sure about the pickles...a tad bit on the blander side. Place is always pack during lunch.  Best to call ahead."}, {"review_id": "grUo8LZ63Vqz9XNgeOr4Mw", "user_id": "iX7fw-i1lHK4x0mmUYG0EQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/9/2018", "text": "Definitely one of the best American sandwiches in the USA. Can't wait to come back!"}, {"review_id": "ua4DqxsxZf5GDKS7nzPFtA", "user_id": "I2xm1Zy9UZOWwaxPfnsksw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "7/29/2017", "text": "I travel to Boston for medical purposes at least every other month. I always make sure to check out the much talked about restaurants and hidden gems when I'm here. With so many great places it's tough to decide each trip. LaGrassas definitely has a few glaring negatives about it but 1 is not the food. Negatives:-Parking is impossible, go with someone who can sit in car the running car.-The line is crazy long all the time- They close super early-seating is awful, heck walking and standing is hard to do here! Positives - who would expect this great sandwich place to have delicious soups daily- the fries are just what you expect in a classic NY Jewish deli-to many delicious sandwiches to choose from- how do you not get the pastrami? But the roast beef looks so goodNeedless to say I'll be back but in the future I'll look up the menu online m, call in order and pick it up at the takeout window Chipotle pastrami is yum"}, {"review_id": "Nil_anQKb2Eq90mzEGY15g", "user_id": "KTjBdH8wtJqOepkYOCpg4Q", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/5/2018", "text": "Had a grilled veggie wrap w spicy mayo , and a sparkling water to go $16 , yikes .Wrap was good , sandwich stayed together , veggies were ok .sorry Sam can't justify the price .."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/sam-lagrassas-boston-3?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]