[[{"review_id": "szSonZjaA5td2Xi1ICExdw", "user_id": "eg2AWasmuu7ZhpZfRVom2w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/12/2018", "text": "I have been to Armsby Abbey for both brunch and lunch. We went again on Saturday for Brunch and were delighted to see that they had St. Paddy's Day drink specials. I got the Irish Coffee which was delicious. I don't really like whiskey, but it mixed well with the coffee and the whipped cream. I also go the mimosa which can come in a flute or a pint glass. I chose the pint glass as it comes over ice. The orange juice appeared to be fresh squeezed. It was a perfectly sweet ending to my meal. For food I had the mac and cheese. This is my second time having the mac and cheese (the first I only got caramelized onions). I decided to add the roasted jalapeno peppers as well. The mac and cheese comes with large crouton like bread pieces on top with cheese melted over the entire bowl. The mac and cheese itself is creamy and delectable. The jalapenos were very spicy (which I loved). You can also get bacon, mushrooms, or blue cheese on the mac and cheese. I don't think there is any way to go wrong with this dish. Everyone who goes to Armsby loves it, for a reason. It is one of the go-to spots in Worcester."}, {"review_id": "jUSOIYHnWSUw8a4K2RMQYA", "user_id": "6DmjbYpsxz8MUSSXeX4PAw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "I'll be honest, I had huge expectations for Armsby Abbey given all the hype around it. Unfortunately it's the hype that may have been part of my disappointment. The place is almost always jam-packed, sometimes to the point of being claustrophobic (been there a few times). The food is good, there is no doubt about that - but overall it's nothing particularly amazing, even with the fact that they change up the menu often. That being said, they also (rightfully) boast that as many of the ingredients are locally sourced - which should be supported, but it does lead to higher prices. The prices for the beer/cocktails are also higher than average, but unfortunately there seems to be nothing \"special\" about any of it to justify the price (Ketel One, is Ketel One; Allagash White is still Allagash White). On a plus note the service has always been very good and has never left anything to be desired for my few visits.TL;DR - Between the prices and the decent - but not amazing - quality of the food I honestly have to give this place a pass."}, {"review_id": "m6YEmJJx1K0ZlnEHFAc7EQ", "user_id": "kmxG3ZdP5kKmh7F3p7URnQ", "rating": 2.0, "date": "3/24/2018", "text": "Man, this place has a lot of rules: - you aren't allowed to get a table if you are just there for drinks- no matter how stuffy the bar area gets and how many empty tables are in the rest of the place you aren't allowed to leave the bar area- if your friends have extra seats at a table you aren't allowed to sit with them- lastly there's the unofficial bartender rule: avoid eye contact at all costs because someone might try and... order a drink from you! Either that's actually a rule or the bar is severely understaffed.Ok, I know it sounds harsh, and to be fair I was only yelled at *once* for violating the perimeter of the bar. However I witnessed many adults spoken to in a patronizing manner for something so harmless. For starters I think some signage might help. People don't *want* to do the wrong thing but it's kind of hard when they don't know what they are doing is wrong. And conversely I'm sure the poor host in the headband that had to do all the scolding didn't want to play babysitter all night. I definitely don't want that guy's job.A place like this would benefit from keeping the bar and dining area completely separate, or even to forgo one or the other. The crowd that the bar attracts simply cannot be contained in such a small area. I would LOVE to see some vegan options on the menu. It's a long shot because the menu has a disclaimer that they don't do that kind of stuff but had my husband and I been able to eat and not just get drinks we may have had a totally different experience.I came for the great beer list but it's not enough to get me to return."}, {"review_id": "cFtFZozx0eo53LNP8ZZ71w", "user_id": "K3m4_kcSvwRGrpf2SkCUCA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/7/2018", "text": "I can't believe it took me so long to try this place. I've been here a few times and everything is always so so good. I love how everything is locally sourced and it's cool how their menu changes depending on the season. I've gone here for lunch, mid-day, and dinner but prefer dinner the most since there is more on the menu.I love the charcuterie board, this has changed each time I've gone but the pork fat that comes with it is amazing!! The cheese boards were also good but I liked the charcuterie better. Mac n cheese was good especially with the house cured bacon. This also changes depending on the season, last summer I got it and it was served with strawberries. Pickles were amazing, if you like pickles definitely get this! It was so good! I am never disappointed when I eat here.For drinks, I've tried the spice sangria and the rose cider. This place introduced rose cider into my life and it has never been the same! I love it! I've gotten other things when I was here but can't remember exactly what else. My advice is to just try it if you think it sounds good.This is one of my favorite places in Worcester!"}, {"review_id": "KtYmLUz0_E7w6WTfu7-fCQ", "user_id": "B6nN9Y0j1e_LDHCMlY-9kA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/9/2018", "text": "Grilled cheese with jalapeños and bacon!! Sweet mother of God it's good!!!Tons of beer on tap! The SingleCut Thinking Hard About The Weather is like drinking Ghirardelli chocolate in a glass!!"}, {"review_id": "JFA2du-NPcM7PRgEFYx5rw", "user_id": "XZaCs-Gs0SXdZgfG38GFYw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/2/2017", "text": "We knew we would be stopping in for Hill Farmstead IPA's, but we were pleasantly surprised at the food options here and the knowledge and expertise provided by the wait staff. The place was hard to find with the construction currently surrounding it. Mostly street parking available, but they also have a small lot.As mentioned, they are known for tapping Hill Farmstead beers. They also have a bottle menu which does include some Cantillon and Drie Fonteinen lambics (at a price). Our server was very informative regarding our dinner items for the night. Ingredients are fresh, locally sourced and reflect seasonal availability so there definitely were a lot of squash, sweet potatoes and pumpkin present. The highlights:-Shared Mediterranean ($20): a charcuterie board with freshly baked bread (with olives), a salad, almonds, serrano ham, olives (3 different kinds), pita bread, hummus, and marinated feta. Wow, this thing was gigantic! The pita bread, hummus, and ham were a great combo.-Mussels ($13): Maine mussels soaked in a milky curry-like sauce with a side of garlic bread. The boyfriend went to town on these! We did like the addition of sweet potatoes to add a creamy mouthfeel.-Gnocchi ($14): These were lightly fried! Still very thin outer layer and soaked in a pleasant sweet potato puree. Wild mushrooms, aged goat cheese, garlic, and leeks made these a very savory meal. The *Chimichurri Wings* also ordered were OK; very lemony and peppered. We were extremely pleased with our food and glad that we were feeling hungry and had enough sense to soak up all that good IPA with delicious food."}, {"review_id": "3-CN8w3BuCM-Uizf-NU-rQ", "user_id": "MPAM1lBWOKqfPOVrab40GA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/11/2018", "text": "I had to take a ride to Worcester this weekend and I knew we had to make a pit stop at this bar. In terms of atmosphere and beer selection, this was one of the coolest places I've been. They update their draft list daily and they have such different options. I hadn't heard of most of the breweries on the list. A couple of my favorites were a saison w/ dandelion and a trillium aged barley wine w/ cold brewed coffee. The glassware is insanely cute and the bar has really great vibes. The bartender let us try a few different ones to see what we liked. They also do flights. We didn't try the food but it did look really good. My only complaint would be that the beers are a bit pricy compared to other bars but you're paying for the atmosphere and the unique beer selection. There's a parking lot and plenty of street parking nearby."}, {"review_id": "RtcWXABZr-cKlW1zgnGS2A", "user_id": "EhWPugJIfXTlPnBP9RiaIg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/15/2018", "text": "I love coming to Armsby's because they have a great drink/food selection, brunch, and they're one of the few places that's open late in downtown Worcester on weekdays. It's really lowkey and has nice vibes. The restaurant boasts a full bar and has ample seating. I definitely recommend getting the homemade hummus, their crust bread (I usually get mine toasted), or their mac 'n cheese with the works - roasted jalapeños, caramelized onions, and roasted mushrooms. The first and only time I got mac n' cheese here it was actually conchiglie n' cheese (shells n' cheese) which I personally prefer over macaroni, so I'm really pleased with Armsby's for that. The only thing I dislike about this place is that there's only metered street parking and they don't have a private lot, so during the day parking is almost impossible because you have the courthouse as well as multiple businesses downtown. Other than that, I love it!"}, {"review_id": "yTzv4H7R9nmybdYzAQgNsA", "user_id": "n3YI_kEVULZOWX7PDV850A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/5/2018", "text": "I went to Armsby Abbey for brunch on a Sunday late morning. On weekends all day and weekdays after 5 you can park in the lot next door free of charge which is helpful given the Main Street location. There was a small wait for a table but we got a nice window seat about 10 minutes later. If it happen to be a longer wait they send you a text when your table is ready so it gives you the opportunity to grab a drink at the bar or take a look at the consignment shop next door.It was my first time so the waiter was welcoming and explained their menu changes often as a farm to table restaurant. We started with coffee which was really great and from a local place in Northborough, MA. There was a wide selection of beers and cocktails suited for brunch. We ordered a spiced sangria, the smoked chicken plate, and the Mac and cheese with added jalapeños (see attached photo). Everyone I talked to about this place always talks about their Mac and cheese and it surely did live up to its expectation. I highly recommend Armsby Abbey and will definitely be returning in the future."}, {"review_id": "sPp4YHFEhhIWP2WH81nXSg", "user_id": "NK0AllcrPS1dBh2iLBaeZg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/3/2018", "text": "Probably one of the only great bar/tapa places in all of Worcester. Was recommended this place through a friend and so glad I tried it out! Cozy, dim lit, great tapa boards and drinks! I don't live in MA anymore, but I'll never forget this place!"}, {"review_id": "CYQU81PP4WWt3xcrX-6E2w", "user_id": "s_P7ilpDaSsib7SYxDwGDQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/10/2018", "text": "Stoutfest 2018 was amazing. Really great selection of food and beers to enjoy. I had the Oxtail Poutine and it was phenomenally done. Cheddar curds were amazing and the pickled radish greens were the perfect touch. Really enjoyed the Coldwater Tropical Stout served, as well the Bird King beverage."}, {"review_id": "OLoUcAHSql6zo9lCvoEtBw", "user_id": "M2wOA5hzvNwc6Y7h3IyJNw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/7/2018", "text": "Anytime I find my self in central Mass, I always make sure I make time to swing in. I've been here for brunch, lunch and dinner. All awesome times visit. The beer selection is of course amazing. One of...if not the only place on MA to have Hill Farmstead on tap. (Why is that!? Please come to Boston!) They from time to time will even have Tree House (although it's been a while now that I think of it). Food is just as good. Great apps. Small plates and entrees. Definitely worth the trip and worth the price in my opinion."}, {"review_id": "2Blnny56WSkJ5fgcTB2M1w", "user_id": "SsGFW-RFAvWkfotvBjNjOw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/19/2018", "text": "If you like high quality, trendy atmosphere, and excellent beer/cocktail menu, this is the place for you. If you like Applebee's, this probably isn't the place for you."}, {"review_id": "YInsxyPDldeeo5RMMrMfUQ", "user_id": "HZQ6UGlpCERnftxzbo_2pQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/27/2018", "text": "We loved it here! It was very crowded and loud, but it gave it a nice atmosphere. The building/setup/decor is great, with backless stools and upholstered bench seating against the walls. All the staff was great - very attentive, knowledgeable & friendly. The drink menu was unique, fun and descriptive. The cocktails we ordered used fresh & local ingredients, and were well made. The cheese board we ordered was amazing and came with delicious bread from the bakery next door, and perfect little extras like nuts, bamboo honey and preserves (beet and strawberry I think?). We aren't cheese experts, but the menu had really great descriptions for each cheese that we could pick from.The menu had a little bit of everything, but it wasn't too big or overwhelming. I got the mac and cheese, because have you guys SEEN the pictures of it? It was absolutely amazing. My boyfriend got the carnitas tacos and he said they were very good and he'd order them again. Tip - The menu has a disclaimer staying that they aren't equipped to serve vegan options, and that substitutions & alterations are politely declined. I'm vegetarian and was able to find several options, but anyone with food allergies or dietary restrictions may want to check the current menu before going."}, {"review_id": "pp8u_fDb3FcoEgBu8ukoBQ", "user_id": "-7XCV9nBzzcIurD_5AXshw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/19/2018", "text": "My husband came here with a gift card and was told that it was known for their beers and focus on local foods. What a surprise to us that this place was so hoppin'! It was filled to the max in the large bar area and had a 45 minute wait for a table. We put in our name & number and was told we would get a text when the table was ready. In the meanwhile, we hovered around the bar area where a bartender quickly saw us even through we were nearly 3 people deep from the counter. They had a huge list of beers and without reading through the entire list, I told my husband to get me a red ale - any red ale. Sadly, out of their huge list (lots of options from Hill Farmstead and Trillium), the bartender told us there was no red ale! Bummer. So my husband told her to pick the closest thing and she gave him a porter. Nope. Not on point. Thankfully, the porter was only a taste - kudos to them for letting customers taste before a full glass. She recommended a stout that ended up being delish. I wish I knew what it was, but hubbs did not get the name. Next drink up, hubbs got an IPA and I got a sour. Best sour I ever had. As we drank we people watched and enjoyed the atmosphere. There wasn't much volume left for conversation. I recognized probably 5 people I went to high school with here (hello, place for late 20s, 30s somethings). Exactly on time, we got the buzz on the phone that our table was ready. Frankly, as I sat and looked at the menu, I was not super impressed with the menu. I think if you like charcuterie and cheese plates, this is THE place for you. Their food menu seemed expensive (well, the beer menu too) for what was offered. I got the Tomato flatbread which was a whopping $18 and it couldn't have been more than 12 inches. I'll give it to them that it was delicious - the caramelized onions, kale, mozzarella, parmesan cheese, and chili honey was an amazing mix. The flatbread portion was plain though. My husband's bbq chicken sandwich which was basically pulled chicken was very bland. My bite, and he confirmed the rest was the same, had barely any of the delicious sounding kale and apple slaw and the chicken was extremely dry and bland. The highlight of our meal was definitely the Mussels appetizer, which I saved the leftover Calabrian chili tomato sauce to dip the flatbread in and *nearly* drank the remaining of from the bowl. The service was great in all respects and so was the atmosphere but I don't think we will be back because the menu items were just too hit or miss for the price point."}, {"review_id": "oIbtbWjaR5nBpNGVV7VfZQ", "user_id": "0wBI9RiVyf9HnL1IuGCCUw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/10/2017", "text": "Hill Farmstead is on tap! Parking is difficult at Armsby Abbey because it is so close to the courthouse. We had to pay $15 to park in a lot. Outrageous. But the beer! And the food! AMAZING!My gentleman caller and I went on a Wednesday afternoon around 2PM so needless to say, we had no difficulty getting a seat at the bar. The  bartenders are amongst the nicest I have ever encountered; apparently I stuck out like a sore thumb as someone not from the area. Go figure. Regardless, they take care of you and like to chat you up so the time passes quickly.We had:1. Hill Farmstead Society & Solitude #6 (of course). Very citrusy, hoppy and a bit too light for me but it was gooooood.2. Medusa Transcontinental. Again, fruity and hoppy but it was more malty (maltier?) so I enjoyed this. Not as good as Hill Farmstead though, naturally!3. Tomato soup. Easily the best tomato soup I have ever had. Huge portion, the bread that came with it was amazing, and it went well with the beer.4. Mac n' cheese. People are not kidding about this. I didn't order it, but the bite I had was out of this world. If you don't mind eating a day's worth of calories in a meal, this is the menu item for you.  I can't recommend this place enough. I will definitely be back."}, {"review_id": "q8bT8t46cADGJNe53BZbSg", "user_id": "SCDlBvTPZf6hC3tdCSRFEQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/24/2018", "text": "Armsby Abbey you win! I have turned to you in my time of sorrow with your award winning Mac & Cheese via take out which I enjoyed in my bed over too much red wine and Netflix Frasier reruns. I have turned to you for brunch over the past 5 years and your coffee, your bacon, your bloody marys, your cheese platter, your quiche ALWAYS ALWAYS ALWAYS wins. I have turned to you for dinner and your cocktails always get me swooning. I have turned to you for lunch and your burgers have melted in my mouth and those memories will live in eternity.No seriously guys. I always introduce this place to friends as the San Francisco place in Worcester for my own worldly pleasures.They can do no wrong.The atmosphere is young, sexy and energizing. The food is amazing. The ingredients to make said amazing food are top notch and the staff are fun and excited to be there.I have been driven hungover from Brooklyn to Worcester to come home to Armsby. There is not much I will miss about Worcester but THIS place is will be sorely sorely missed!"}, {"review_id": "DPg7AO_eMtpjktYaIqNj5w", "user_id": "pSUp9rQHnNHzzYHMMd_mVQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/12/2017", "text": "Great brunch spot in Worcester. A few things:1. Come dine earlyI recommend coming slightly early to beat the rush. We came in at 11 and was seated immediately. 2. Breakfast Slate is the Queen (insert high ten emoji) My friend and I ordered from their brunch menu and we had a fairly impressive brunch spread on our small 2-person high top. We shared the mushroom toast, the breakfast skate (came with a great selection of cheese, bread, fruit, and spreads), and the granola yogurt (which was my least favorite... the ratio of granola and yogurt seems off balance. There was A LOT of granola). 3. MUST Hill Farmstead beer on draft.Not only is the brunch is good, the beer selection is top notch. Armsby has a lot of draft beers that many other eating establishment do not hold. You must try one of the Hill Farmstead beers when you're there. Hill Farmstead is extremely limited, and they don't sell it just anywhere. Don't be shy to ask your server for a recommendation. My server recommend the Marie which was a Helles larger. I wanted to try the Arthur but the server warned me that it was a very sour Saison.Overall, good experience, cool staff, and great beer and food selection. I think I'm the near future I will come for a beer here!"}, {"review_id": "n57w0RkbybCtCO-791vOug", "user_id": "upSDe8VuwD79DltCWsXPrQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "9/16/2017", "text": "I would try this place again but order something different for food. I got the peach and bacon flatbread. I found it to be quite bland with too much ricotta cheese and not enough bacon. I reheated it the next day and put salt on it and it tasted much better (I'm never one to salt my food). I would try the charcuterie and a cheese next time. I got a vanilla black velvet stout which was lovely. I do enjoy the atmosphere here. It was a nice place to get drinks and catch up with friends, but I felt the waitress rushed us despite there being several open tables and no one chomping at the bit for ours. It was also not even close to being closing time, so I can't see why she was so eager to clean up our cups/dishes and put the bill on the table. Will give it another shot."}, {"review_id": "qcDknDa9YOYSbcq7i5eP3g", "user_id": "B6qAnJgR9hN0EO8oGQDnlw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/13/2017", "text": "Nice vibe and a unique menu! They have beers from other countries, and some upscale menu items at a reasonable price. I ordered the bone marrow appetizer. It was quite a site! The bone marrow could have been more fresh (I'm assuming the bones were frozen and they were not fresh since this is a rare item). But it was a good experience for everyone to try! Come check this place out. It will be worth your trip."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/armsby-abbey-worcester?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]