[[{"review_id": "v9dh2cNV24hWmSiHvQ2tbw", "user_id": "dCTle2T66d6mtoXeEOCQdg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "I've had multiple people tell me Pomir Grill is amazing so I had pretty high expectations coming in.  Usually that's a recipe for disappointment, but Pomir Grill is actually as good as everyone says it is.  Maybe even better.  We went with a fried leek-filled pastry whose name escapes me, but was a perfect, indulgent appetizer.  To eat a little on the healthier side, order the banjan which is a savory eggplant dish cooked to perfection.  I tend to gravitate towards spicier eggplant dishes, which this is not, but its still one of the best eggplant preparations I've had in a restaurant.  Finally, the lamb kabobs.  At $25 these are probably the most expensive thing on the menu, but its a huge portion and I would put these up against the best steaks in the city.  The small size of each chuck of meat leaves little room for error, but somehow each one was a perfect, succulent medium rare.  The rice and salad that they come with are pretty good too."}, {"review_id": "yKrHC1rD5u9jR2j2TG_aAg", "user_id": "uH8tTLb3Fz64GtEMWpZZcQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/17/2018", "text": "Never had Afghanistan food before but this place is absolute gem!  Everytime we tried to walk in on weekend nights the place is fully packed and waiting time is long as it is a small restaurant.  We finally came here on a Monday night which was pretty much empty.  We ordered two entrees and they come with salad and rice.  There are two different types of rice to choose from so we did that for each entree.  Everything tasted amazing!  There was so much flavor in the rice, salad and meat in distinct flavors.   It also comes with complementary pita bread with trio dipping sauce. The bread was crispy on the outside but soft inside.  The prices are reasonable (under $20 for most items)  and generous portions.Service was excellent and I would love to come back to try their other dishes!"}, {"review_id": "-a4bUnr82zGdAABoetbujA", "user_id": "hLpLQ5MHj68uvwi2ZO8m0w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/29/2018", "text": "The restaurant is easy to find, a few doors to the left of One Eleven Chop - with good on street parking the block before it. From the outside the entrance is a solid door so it can appear to be closed, but when you come it, it's a lovely, cozy space with about 10 tables, and flowers and white table cloths, as well as some nice art pieces on the walls. We brought a 750 ml beer and they brought out beer glasses and an opener right away. Appetizers were amazing, you should try: the qurooti bread covered in yogurt - I've never had anything like it, and it was so delicious and the texture of crispy and chewy was fantastic. We also split the shorwa stew as an appetizer, it comes in a good sized bowl and the beans and vegetables in it were so perfectly tender. The seasoning on all the food is just perfect - the flavors are all complex but subtle. One note: you may wait a few minutes for table service when they are busy - the two owners and their daughter are doing all the cooking and waiting, but I really enjoyed the pacing, you never had the sense they were rushing you, trying to turn the table over for the next guests. We had the right amount of time between appetizers, entrees, and ordering a really nice green tea (infused with cardamom) at the end. The only issue, is what to order and how much you can eat, we ended up bringing food home - we couldn't finish it all, and still our entire bill came to only $43 the two of us ended up ordering two appetizers, splitting an entree and just ordering tea for dessert.(they are very generous with what you get for your money.) I had written notes on all the things I wanted to order before I came in (and sadly I did not get through them all - the portions are so large and the food so good you may not get to dessert!) I hear great things about the desserts so that will be my priority next time!"}, {"review_id": "et4nKvxUEAG2mSNH8cAKZA", "user_id": "Ve3X5-LfR6LyOPXWTEfYdw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/26/2018", "text": "I feel a little guilty giving this place a three star review, because its average star rating is so high, but I left unimpressed with pretty much every aspect of this restaurant. My hopes were high, and I was intrigued by the type of food promised but I found the meat dry, the service slow, and the food forgettable. Positively, it is a BYOB so our bill was considerably cheap which is always a good thing. Maybe they were just having a bad night, but I don't think we will be going back. If you decide to try This restaurant I recommend making a reservation. Parking is also a little difficult and You will most likely be on-street parking."}, {"review_id": "pXuE4di-YwkoeqSIi9FLYQ", "user_id": "TxU6-ZbYg8oBf6djvJR-EQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/24/2017", "text": "This is the quietest, most relaxing restaurant I've ever been to. The owner does everything from seat people to taking orders, cooking and answering the phone. This means service can take a little while at busy hours, but it's also very attentive and personable.The cilantro chutney is the most amazing condiment! Try it on bread, meat, or with any savory dish. I need to learn how to make this at home!The spiced rice is savory and just a little sweet, with raisins and cinnamon or similar.Their lamb in apricot sauce is spot on, and is something I'd make at home in the slow cooker. Juicy and tender, it flakes apart on the fork. Same with the beef spare ribs.They also serve a wonderful bottomless milk Chai, definitely sip and savor one with your meal or with dessert.I've come here a couple times on drives out to New York from Boston, and I'll be back."}, {"review_id": "3GrDs8viiiQSZDCMI2rsLA", "user_id": "WZC4pSCqKBYAyUI0BO7N7Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/25/2018", "text": "I've never had Afghan food before, so I'll admit that I lack a deep and penetrating context for the cuisine as a whole. But my general culinary savvy and my worldly wiles tell me that this is a place to treasure.The owners are kind, personable people with a passion for what they do (from what I can tell). The menu appears authentic, well-organized, diverse, and reasonably priced. This is only enhanced by its BYOB status and an inexpensive liquor store one block away.My friend and I, having read some of the reviews on Yelp!, opted for the leek fried pastry and the beef stew appetizers. The portions proved substantial and yet the food had a surprising lightness to it. This was aided by the trio of dipping sauces that came with the complimentary naan. Which was also amazing. A bit more grilled than naan I've had in the past, and cut into rectangular briquettes (if you will), make for a light and convenient starter.Our entrees included the lamb with savory apricot sauce and the beef short ribs, both of which came replete with delicious sauce, our choice of rices (coriander or carrot/raisin/spice), and even a side salad. While the salad was rather standard fare, the carrot raisin spiced rice was excellent and the meat was delightful. The ribs fell apart, and the apricot sauce was indeed surprisingly savory.We saved some room for dessert by taking portions of the appetizers and entrees to go, and I couldn't be more glad we did. Again following some excellent Yelp! suggestions, we ordered the almond cake and the egg-free cardamom infused pudding topped with pears. The pudding - so silky and light - fascinated and delighted me. The almond cake was among the best I've ever had, and I say this as a rather proficient baker myself.Go here. No really. What are you waiting for?"}, {"review_id": "7nKs6Xj_PwVZJytK3g-NOg", "user_id": "6OMRaXUbaMWI5sYHeGABRA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "6/7/2017", "text": "First time trying Afghan food and was far from disappointed! They bring out free pita bread with 3 dipping sauces! The white and green were sooooo tasty and full of flavor! Both the entrees we ordered were really good especially the pasta with meat sauce! So much flavor in every dish! Highly recommend getting out of your comfort zone and trying Pomir Grill's tasty dishes!Ps. It's BYOB! So you can save money on booze and splurge on some extra food dishes! :D"}, {"review_id": "6IsrIPQ5P2FvNMyOHfiJzA", "user_id": "lzrwxq52wzROJrOAHP3asw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "This is one of my favorite places in Worcester County.   Foods are fresh and non processed ingredients.  The sauces are made with fresh ingredients such as cilantro, yogurt etc.Love the cofta dish.   I highly recommed this restaurant!!"}, {"review_id": "y2pxBAMCp4WP7AmoSmGbTw", "user_id": "RezM-i67_h70T6Id-aw0fQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "This is the best food I've ever had. The beef sampler and vegetarian sampler are delicious. Staff is nice and the place is quaint and unassuming. I'd try anything on the menu. Plus it's BYOB!! This is a must try in Worcester."}, {"review_id": "JL3YiB90evkq0hbns4mNNA", "user_id": "xLJhiR7QIbLTFWX6FzUQ7A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/24/2017", "text": "Pomir Grill is an authentic Afghan cuisine, which I don't see much anywhere, especially in suburbs, quite interesting! They say that they make their dishes with recipes passed down from generation to generation, and techniques used for thousands of years. How cool is that!The inside is not very large, but spacious with tables spread apart, giving good amount of personal space in between. All of their tables had clean and crisp white tablecloths and a bright red flower. They did a great job creating a very nice and sophisticated atmosphere.I heard they have a really awesome Naan, so we asked for that first. The first round of Naan is complimentary, and comes with three sauces. Good amount of Naan came in a basket, nice and hot. And yes, it was really great, and it disappeared fast...We ordered Lamb Kabob and another one ordered Beef Sampler. They both came with side salad and choice of rice. It was generous portion, really plentiful. It was packed with flavor, the meat was juicy and tender, and rice was really great too. My goodness it was so delicious, we finished off the plate clean with no issue. We decided to push our luck with desserts. We ordered Afghan style Baklava. Two pieces came which was a nice surprise, and my goodness they were amazing! We were pretty full from the main dishes, but this one was gone within few minutes. We also ordered three scoops of Pista Sheer Yaakh (Pistachio Ice Cream). The ice cream was really rich and creamy. It was like velvet, and I think they add condensed milk to their ice cream, providing deeper, sweeter flavor. I can see the reason why this is very popular.We had great dinner here, food was very flavorful and clean. Even though we were stuffed, we didn't feel heavy. A really nice, fresh ingredients can do that! The service was quite slow, I think they are only two staffs on this day. I heard they are family owned and operated, so they might not have many staffs. But the food is totally worth it, I would love to go back again for more of their amazing food!"}, {"review_id": "7IFEte-oT_02yUmqTNlPaA", "user_id": "M61kuyV0snAsZYWCiGjlZg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/11/2017", "text": "Cozy restaurant located in a great location! I managed to find street parking right in front of the restaurant, but there's also plenty of parking down the street or in little parking lots. The waiter greeted us pretty quickly and helped put together two tables for our party of 4. The service is a bit slow- I think there were two waiters on a Tuesday night and a pretty packed restaurant! I started with sheer chai (free refills), it was warm with lots of spices, slightly milky and slightly sweet. It took a bit to come out, but worth the wait. While we waited, there was a basket of sliced naan bread and three sauces to try out! I ended up getting a chicken and prune dish with spinach rice and it came with a small side salad - all delicious . My friend had kofta, beef meatballs with a sweet and savory sauce- Also fantastic! I definitely want to come back to try to fig ice cream!"}, {"review_id": "DYnYSRfEj7iFBuVslZ1klg", "user_id": "qHYC7-8RuQUkTFr93N9D2g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/19/2018", "text": "This is a quite restaurant and owner does everything from seating people to taking orders and bringing food on to the table. I tried complimentary bread with 3 sauces. Bread is warm and sauces are excellent. So I ordered extra bread as a Side. Lamb kabob comes  with Spinach rice and salad. You can try with Seasoned rice/ White rice. But spinach rice was good. Kabob was juicy and delicious. I tried homemade ice cream sampler as desert. They will serve with 3 varieties ( Fig, pista, Quince) with scoopful each. Desert was awesome.Every penny is worth here .."}, {"review_id": "RYwuoN2I8b9KbushUcZhtw", "user_id": "TIEkxmCKAJf0Xy7GIeuC_Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/22/2018", "text": "This is honestly one of the best restaurants I've ever been to, and one of the best meals I've eaten in my entire life. I'd never had Afghani food before coming to Pomir Grill, and I was eager to try it. It exceeded all of my expectations and then some.The restaurant is incredibly relaxing. I was skeptical seeing as the restaurant is only one room with seven or eight tables, but as soon as we walked in I felt relaxed. There is no music, it is quiet, and the ambiance is lovely. The owner is attentive, makes you feel very welcome, and is personable. I believe he only has one other person helping, so he acts as host, server, and chef. It's a very intimate setting, perfect for dates, and you feel very at home.We began with complimentary naan bread and three sauces - a sweet tomato based, a cucumber yogurt, and coriander chutney. All delicious. We ordered the qurooti - bread cubes baked in yogurt sauce topped with onions and eggplant - and it was literally one of the best things I've ever put in my mouth. I ordered the lamb kabob for my main which comes with salad, spiced rice, and grilled vegetables, and my boyfriend ordered the lamb in apricot sauce. Both were mouthwatering, and the meal has legitimately been on my mind since. 11/10 experience, and Pomir Grill is absolutely on my list of monthly restaurant visits."}, {"review_id": "AWxsNkd5JHVp59QTI2uqjQ", "user_id": "tE4KJ-U9IjNCIg77afTQLw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/26/2016", "text": "Friendly service, good food, pleasant ambience. What more can you ask for? Afghani bread with 3 sauces are served as a starter. You can BYOB - they have a wine opener and stems :)Personally preferred the seasoned rice sans the raisins. The spinach rice was good too."}, {"review_id": "autLtolwrDujkyLxMSYeOg", "user_id": "z8n_LeqnvWXbV9d6W4dzYQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/7/2018", "text": "A very friendly family-owned business with a nice atmosphere and ambiance. Portions = generous, food = delicious. The prices are a bit higher than your standard casual Mediterranean restaurant but the price increase is definitely reflected in quality. I still feel that I received a great value for my meal. The only downside is that because it is family owned and staffed, there are long waits at times if a big group comes in unannounced. Therefore, I would recommend calling ahead or making a reservation."}, {"review_id": "jYLb5-O3Qfhca-leN1MGow", "user_id": "9gIMGLhuL2USDJgK8KxK3Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/16/2018", "text": "We had the chicken kebab and stewed lamb in apricot sauce. Both were excellent. The dipping sauces with bread were great as was the bolani appetizer.  Dont miss the ice cream sampler with pistachio, quince, and fig ice cream which were outstanding. Lovely restaurant and we enjoyed chatting with the owner."}, {"review_id": "K_Ug75-46ZDLTTEg2EGVdA", "user_id": "Exx-dTaqoVzLkp9-FQ2hjg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/15/2017", "text": "I think I'm in love with Worcester, MA. My husband says this town was known as the armpit of MA when he was growing up -- but either I have an armpit fetish or Worcester is on the up-and-up... or maybe it's a combination of both. Based on our one-night stand, an unplanned overnight stop resulting from suddenly sick children and our need for a last-minute, dog-friendly hotel, we found this town to be cosmopolitan and full of really nice people from all different parts of the world (We noticed Desis playing cricket in the local park, a small Vietnamese part of town, Liberians, Somalis.)One manifestation of all that multiculturalism is the city's wonderfully varied dining scene. Pomir Grill, a short walk from our hotel, was an improbably delicious find, serving beautiful slow food made without shortcuts. The best dish I tried was the shorwa starter, an \"Afghan style hearty stew with vegetables, chicken or beef served with bread.\" Potatoes, red bell peppers, tomatoes, chickpeas and beef came together as a rich, complex concoction far greater than the sum of its parts. It's not ordinarily a dish I'd be drawn to in the summer, but the sick babies and unseasonably cool weather made this a win. Also excellent: vegetarian banjan (eggplant cooked with tomato, onions, and peppers and served with bread), which tasted remarkably pan-cultural -- a bit like the ratatouilles we make all summer long, a bit like Turkish güveç, even a bit like baighan bartha. This version relied more on herbs for seasoning than spices. The result was a summery and light, but satisfying enough to be a main course. Bamia (okra cooked with tomato, onions, and peppers), another vegetarian appetizer, was \"slippery\" in texture. It's a texture prized in many Asian cuisines and one I appreciate, but my husband would less charitably describe it as \"slimy.\" It probably isn't a dish for everyone; it happens to be one I seek out. (At home in NYC, I buy it at Kalustyan's.) Pomir Grill made a nice version. The beef sampler, which included beef short ribs, kofta, and kabob-e-kobeda (ground beef kabob) served with rice and salad, was a mixed bag. The rice (we chose spinach rice) was extremely well made, as were the gorgeously tender short ribs, stewed with lentils and tomatoes, a hint of coriander. The kofta was nicely flavored, but the meat was a tad dry and overcooked. The kabob was a bit burnt on the night we tried it. Aushak (\"Afghan ravioli filled with leek and spinach served with beef and garlic sauce\") was topped with more of the beef short ribs stew. I didn't try it, but the hubby reported it to be \"amazing.\" Pomir Grill brought us great delight and comfort on an evening when we were not expecting it -- and the fact that it was such a happenstance discovery made it all that much more delightful. It's off the beaten path for us, but we hope to stop by again for many years to come."}, {"review_id": "CJnfReXATBoM2Cv7aAXfVQ", "user_id": "0CcBuiPiUXMwQSG9EUTEbw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/12/2017", "text": "I've only been here once, but based on that I'm giving this place five stars.The only other Afghan food I've had is at Helmand, which is excellent. This too was excellent, but different.  The food at Helmand seems, I dunno...fancier? And certainly more expensive.  Pomir was tasty and reasonably priced.The hit of the meal was the kachalu bolani (leek dumpling, basically). And also a tiny bowl of something the kitchen brought us to try just for fun, that they didn't tell us the name of that was so good! Some sort of stew.  I wish I knew what it was. Will go back asap."}, {"review_id": "AKFM6ju3hlMTrQyYTKlQgg", "user_id": "AAbsKuSVj-5y_wqRJws2QA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "7/10/2017", "text": "Been coming here for awhile as the food here is sooo delcious.. The lady and I always usually get the same thing since they are amazing, the Banjan for an app and we split the Beef Short Ribs. Its definitely enough food for both of us and the dishes are so flavorful. The short ribs melt in your mouth and the pomegranate sauce they put on it makes it even better. We also sometimes get a couple scoops of their homemade ice cream as a dessert which is a great way to finish an awesome meal.The family that runs the restaurant are also very nice and friendly. They even invited us to one of their private parties they put on in the restaurant to celebrate one of their holidays and made a bunch of food that was off the menu.. all amazing, obviously.Also, its BYOB and there's a liquor store like 2 buildings down. Perfect."}, {"review_id": "Uur90bIZ6FcNNns_Em8rQg", "user_id": "M7nwkDgIMSJ173_VGFBqOw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/24/2018", "text": "This is my favorite restaurant.  When i first discovered it the menu didn't look appetizing because i didn't understand the dishes but after i tried it,  i can't get enough.  You can't get in unless you make a reservation. My favorite dish is the short ribs and my wife loves the salmon skewers.  You don't need a knife for the shirt ribs and the salmon is the best I've tasted.  Some just right.  I usually don't eat salmon but this is delicious.  If you're in a rush,  this isn't for you.  Every dish is made to order and is worth waiting for.  Great value for the money and get delicious.  Gotta try it if you like good food and something different."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/pomir-grill-worcester?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]