[[{"review_id": "qUjlXf3tAv1XtDkgLeKHKg", "user_id": "lf6xDzU3n5LvIMbFescYCg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "Great stuff. Great service. Great pizza. This is definitely going to become a favorite spot to go. I'll be very interested to try their ice cream as well - sounds good.Update: ice cream is just as good but awful plastic spoons. Too weak and bendy."}, {"review_id": "Zme1vlW0OTO0B5mGarBM3A", "user_id": "3mb2wWMNSWQnsyRYqKK_PQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/17/2018", "text": "When I lived in the neighborhood I came here all the time and the food still holds up.-Arugula salad is great, pretty much just arugula, shaves of parm, and a simple lemon dressing but so perfect with the pizza-Pizza, I don't eat pork so I can't comment on all of the 'za, but everything I've had is wonderful. The crust is chewy, a little charred, the veggies are always perfect on top--easy to bite into without getting sloppy. The recommended toppings are really great suggestions, if something strikes you on the menu, go with it.-I know this place isn't a pasta place but I used to love their pasta chitarra and they sometimes bring it back to the menu.-The ice cream... oh man I miss the ice cream. The dark chocolate sorbet sounds weird but is amazing. Cinnamon IC is another fav. They'll give you a taste if you're not sure and deciding between a few, but I also really love the raspberry chip. -Take out here is great--if you can grab a hard-to-get spot out front. They deliver, though delivery windows are long (as they are everywhere in Boston), when you go to the restaurant there are booths, an open kitchen, a bar. Sitting at the bar is fun--great neighborhood vice, lots of great beer selection. My friends who've moved out of the city always talk wistfully about PICCO, so I have to text them whenever I grab it to make them jealous :)Enjoy!"}, {"review_id": "GxVsFqvkupz7pkdA9iBwNw", "user_id": "yIXLkXiXdP7EvdLDKB3cxg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "12/26/2017", "text": "I love the idea - pizza & ice cream. The free scoop of ice cream when you check-in is a great cherry on top.The Alsatian ($14.75) was heavy but delightful: caramelized onions, shallots, gruyere, bacon, creme fraiche. The charred crust was great and flavorful but the pizza was soggy in the middle. The calzones ($13.50) came with a large serving of marinara and looked massive.My party of 4 had arrived at 12:30PM and all the tables had been taken and there was a 45 minute wait. The restaurant is medium and they make up in table seats in bar seats, two rows of it. So we settled for the bar. They still asked us, once our food came out, if we wanted to transition to a table, but that it would still be a 15 minute wait after another group was seated...Service wise it's about 3 people working 60 people I believe, so everyone working was very busy, very rushed, and it made me feel very stressed for them. It made me feel like they weren't efficiently running the place.The brownie sundae with coconut brownie brittle ice cream was good save for the hot fudge which was too dark and sour to complement the sundae. The vanilla toffee nut chip was very sweet but I enjoyed the perfect amount of toffee, chocolate shavings, and variety of nuts, walnuts and peanuts. We requested sprinkles (which are mentioned on the menu to be free) but neither of us got sprinkles on our ice cream...Great idea and ice cream, but because of the soggy middle in the pizza and stressful/rushed service, I'd come back if someone else suggested it."}, {"review_id": "yGW--ln6s1-8rw3QLwqTrA", "user_id": "u4nDgYF1ATq9haZ4cu_bdw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "My latest visit to Picco started off a little rough. I was attempting to make a dinner reservation for the night before the Boston Marathon but even after filling out the request template online I wasn't getting a response.  I happened to walk by Picco a few days later so I stopped in to ask about it.  No one seemed to be able to help me but they took down by name and ended up calling me the following afternoon (3-4 days after I initially tried to make the original reservation.  I ended up cancelling a reservation that I had made as a backup elsewhere during the black hole of silence since I had my heart set on Picco pre-race.  I'm a big fan of Picco's pizza but we decided to get some more food in addition to the pizza this last visit.  My friends and I went for our dinner the night before the Boston Marathon and it was probably the least crowded I have ever seen Picco.  We had a 6:30pm reservation and it wasn't chock full like usual (which was nice since we weren't rushed to turn over the table).  We got the meatballs and the mac and cheese to share which was a really really good decision.  Both were delicious.  The mac and cheese was crispy on top from the brick over and the meatballs very tasty.  We also shared the Alsatian pizza (a favorite of mine) and a build-your-own pizza with ricotta, spinach, sausage and red sauce. MMMMm good!"}, {"review_id": "pIpXrESqfBHLsJlbwZdaSA", "user_id": "zfmFbR0-_OnfZIBGKTfaug", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "Always a great spot for a gourmet pizza, to try a new craft beer, and to top it off with quality ice cream. Excellent service in a fun atmosphere. Go early to avoid a wait. The Alsatian is one of the most interesting pizzas you will find around. Consider asking for the pizza lightly cooked if the charred crust isn't to your liking or you have kids with you. They taste great both ways! We've always found a new beer on their list to enjoy and servers know the details of each and may offer a sample. Finish off with an ice cream and don't forget to check for a free scoop coupon on yelp!"}, {"review_id": "VXle9AwiC2cjm9lGt1fe3g", "user_id": "UMfqzKsyoU_tVZZg13hK-Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "8/9/2017", "text": "First things first, if you're looking for a more upscale traditional Italian restaurant, this is not it. This restaurant is more of a hybrid American-Italian, which serves up gourmet pizzas as their main nod to Italy. The menu a little sparse as a result, but their model clearly works.Tables and red leather booths inside, a little dimly lit in the inside give that classic American bar/restaurant feel. We opted for one of the 10 or so outside tables though- the street was surprisingly quiet for Boston, in the evening the summer air was perfect. Plenty of people walking dogs, med students in scrubs, and joggers passing by even picking up pizzas for later. Even ran into a friend from Florida who has just moved to Boston! Overall a very pleasant dining experience.We ordered a carnitas taco and fish taco as appetizers. At 5$ each they aren't really great bang for the bucks, but the carnitas taco was fantastic. The fish taco which features that signature New England haddock, literally pales in comparison. We ordered a large prosciutto, Parmesan and arugula pizza and a pesto pasta dish (one of only 3 pasta dishes on the menu, the other 2 being loaded Mac and cheeses). Both seemed a little pricy, but it was evident that the food was definitely more gourmet than the average restaurants in the area. The pasta was average though, just average- which is why I can't seem to remember what it was called. The pizza though, was above average. Hearty pizza loaded up with wonderfully salted smoked prosciutto and shaved Parmesan. Our order for a large pizza was accidentally put in as a small- the waiter was very kind and comped us for another small pizza for the mixup; 2 small pizzas but we were only charged for one. Service was quick and polite, even though our waiter was managing all the tables outside single handedly. As noted on their menu, pizzas at picco are always made with a little char on the bottom crust. If you don't like that flavor then let them know, it certainly works well though on these pizzas and gives a unique flavor.They also have wine and beer, desert to augment their pizza-centric menuIt wasn't what we're looking for when we went, but I can't deny that Picco's staff and kitchen team do a great job from taste to service. This is perhaps just a hair over-prices, but that's about the only negative!"}, {"review_id": "kIld9WIOkLOjHh6UmvK-UA", "user_id": "rcU7ysY41qGppbw4pQgjqg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/1/2017", "text": "Picco's pizza are exceptional.I could wax poetic about the signature Alsatian catering to your francophile palate, encompassing all that creme fraiche, caramelized onion, bacon & gruyere scrumptiousness, wafting its way in to your heart and lodging itself there like a true tarte flambée.But, I won't. Because our 4.5-top split two large pies: the sausage, fennel and ricotta with parmesan cream, and the exquisite prosciutto, vidalia onion and asparagus with pesto and tomato aiolio drizzle. Stupid good - the both of them. Overstocked with quality toppings, a beautiful bubbly char on the toothsome crust, and just, well, stupid good.I wasn't even hungry and I ate a combined half pizza, while still leaving room for a scoop of house made banana toffee ice cream (free with Yelp check-in)!We sat outside, which led to a bit of a windy, chaotic (and somewhat neglected) dining experience, but I'd sit through a hurricane if a meant another slice. Bravo Picco!"}, {"review_id": "m1aLtSI8MmIbz4QT_WfqFQ", "user_id": "UDVwYTLBwdNv1GrGH20jag", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/21/2017", "text": "Finally dropped in for dinner after countless times of grab and go ice cream with the boyfriend. We were seated very quickly and graciously greeted by our server at our table.The menu was quite small but that didn't discourage me. We ordered the roasted cauliflower Gordita, Mac and cheese, and the Alsatian pizza.Let me just say I underestimated the size of the pizza and three items was definitely enough for two people.The roasted cauliflower was amazing in every way. Taste, mouth feel, aroma. If you're ever craving buffalo chicken nachos but don't want the heaviness or size of it, this is a wonderful substitute.The Mac and cheese is amazing, we added bacon to ours. The four cheese combination was great and Im a huge fan of gruyere so maybe I am being biased.And finally the pizza, I don't think I can use words to describe this and putting an idea in your head before you getting to try it would just be unfair. If you like caramelized onions definitely give this a try.The food the service and the atmosphere. I would definitely come back again for another bite of that pizza."}, {"review_id": "-X-IlDeELcqF5Y0o-Ip2MQ", "user_id": "N0MUiZYKeCPUr-5jZZNxHw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/4/2018", "text": "There's nothing fancy about Picco, but they have really great pizza. There are a few other things on the menu, but if you go and don't get pizza you're not doing it right! They also have a good beer list and they have a bunch of different flavors of ice cream."}, {"review_id": "0jdyr5WYjRcHdEl7Sslmyg", "user_id": "c7ZFB3lBGd2QVQSVtRLTDg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/8/2017", "text": "As an excellent choice for pizza and ice cream in Boston, Picco has surely earned its name, which is an acronym for \"Pizza and Ice Cream Company.\" The family-friendly restaurant specializes in two of many people's favorite foods, and it does both of them very well.Usually, Picco's pizza preparation process (try saying that five times fast!) involves charring the crust. Looks can be deceiving, so don't be alarmed when a \"burnt\" pizza arrives at the table. True, the crust is extremely crispy on the outside, but the texture changes drastically upon tasting the portion beneath the char. This part remains chewy and airy, without compromising the well-done cook on the rest of the pie.We eat a lot of pizza, so the large Margherita was enough for the two of us, but it could feed three people as well. And even though we were stuffed, we still couldn't resist Picco's homemade ice cream.There's a blackboard-style sign near the restaurant's entrance that lists the ice cream flavors of the day. I redeemed my Yelp check-in offer for one free scoop, and after some careful consideration, opted for vanilla brownie nut. The vanilla ice cream was smooth and creamy, and the bits of brownie mixed in were fudgy, yet scarce. In retrospect, we probably should have ordered the dark chocolate brownie sundae, but I can't deny that the ice cream itself was superb.Oh, and the pizza too."}, {"review_id": "qo0e8fduiHUuQ6TaZuRhjQ", "user_id": "lTTrP1OZsU08RmSqQCT1QQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/9/2017", "text": "Freshly made pizza AND ice cream. What more could you want in life?! Came here right around 11 when they opened and the restaurant filled up very quickly as lunch rush hit. This is some of the best pizza I have had in Boston. It's a family-friendly place to fill up on all your pizza cravings. I got a small half chicken/mushroom and half pepperoni pizza. The crust is nicely charred, but not burnt. The mozzarella is a little stringy and fun to eat and the mushrooms added a nice texture to it. With a check-in on yelp, I got a free small scoop of pistachio ice cream. It has a subtle flavor of fresh pistachio that was rich and creamy. I would definitely recommend coming here and will hopefully be back soon."}, {"review_id": "p7LLxdDqBzMHHz8YBmi_YQ", "user_id": "r6a6Y6ZtdNcyfNTrejDTRA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/3/2017", "text": "I travel quite frequently and while I love to try the local offerings of the city I am visiting I occassionally find myself craving pizza and not just pizza, PICCO pizza.  PICCO stands for Pizza Ice Cream Company and let me assure they live up to their name. What makes PICCO stand out above the rest?  They make their dough fresh daily and their ice cream in house.  The menu changes seasonally featuring the best New England has to offer.  While I do love their seasonal offerings I tend to always gravitate towards their classic pepperoni pizza. Don't get me wrong I've tried them all and while I enjoyed them I simply LOVE the pepperoni (must order with extra pepperoni).  The pizza is cooked in a wood fire stove and prepared well done. As the dough cooks the miniature slices of pepperoni cup up and begin to crisp along the edge and fresh mozzarella melts on top of the chunky homemade tomato sauce. Perfection!If your intention is to grab a quick bite be prepared there is always a wait. They don't take reservations and seating is somewhat limited (60 seats maybe). Some find this place to be a little pricey for pizza but I am willing to pay more and wait for a table if the food is good! And when I'm waiting for my table I can see I'm not the only one!"}, {"review_id": "hwqItCCVh669oWrcx0aaZg", "user_id": "P9s-efaezPcn5xIQpC1Flg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/4/2017", "text": "I came here for lunch with my colleague, as she recommended this place amongst so many around the area. I ordered their curried pumpkin soup, and it was so good for this type of weather. After, I had their pepperoni pizza and it was truly on point after the soup! I'd have to come back to try other pizza and their ravioli entree! Yum! I would definitely recommend this restaurant to everyone!"}, {"review_id": "HyUvRNP6idfY4O2GxG7oog", "user_id": "hOYNnE3qzb8TDKd3jqvq7Q", "rating": 3.0, "date": "8/28/2017", "text": "For all the hype, I can't say I was blown away. The food was decent, but for the price? No thanks. We had the meatball appetizer to start which was probably the highlight of the meal. Five nice sized meatballs for $7. Can't complain about that. My girlfriend ordered a calzone and I had a small pizza. Both were definitely big enough to have leftovers, but the filling/toppings were really lacking. The pizzas are very doughy with minimal toppings sprinkled in a way to make it look like a lot. In reality, it's a lot of crust with skimpy toppings. My girlfriend's calzone was the same way. Lots of dough, not much filling. The service was good and everything came out hot. Still, can't say I'll be back soon."}, {"review_id": "3CY0sxCQE95ZdwM1m_E6MA", "user_id": "lI9dgMxPVgH_x1XTglndAA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "9/27/2017", "text": "The corn ravioli is perfectly cooked, packed with flavor in an addictive pesto sauce. Highly recommend it. Their pizzas were a lil too dough heavy for my liking. I'm not a fan of excess crust. I did however like that the charred (not burned!!) crusts gives the pizza just the right hint of smokiness. I got the Brussels sprouts and squash pizza - unique combo that I haven't seen on a veggie pizza before. I liked it but it didn't blow my mind. We all did a Yelp check in for a free scoop of ice-cream and I was super happy with my salted caramel!"}, {"review_id": "d6T0fKwt1BJci2SRJliteQ", "user_id": "YNUEkhSij3vgxBLWEgnC1w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/23/2017", "text": "I loved the warning on the menu that the pizza comes well done, with char. It turned out to be true, and it's how every pizza should be made. I got the Alsatian, look it up. Or don't. Then get it. The crispy bacon, the sauteed onions, gruyère, creme fraiche ,  my goodness. The creaminess, combined with the crisp of the charred dough. It was heaven. For dessert I got the adult milkshake with the raspberry beer. It was OK, sweet, inoffensive. I also got what I think was  passion fruit ice cream for my yelp check in. That was so yummy. I'd definitely visit again."}, {"review_id": "WwuicymfId4o1K49g324Fw", "user_id": "PbuiIjZlb7B5tsscK1DUHQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/19/2018", "text": "This was my first time coming to Picco.  A friend had suggested it and I was eager to try it.  I ordered a pizza and it was very good, although the crust was a bit charred. They had a yelp promo for free ice cream, and I was able to sample some of the ice cream. The ice cream was delicious- I highly recommend it!"}, {"review_id": "ovBPG1SCoK_SZT_AlRDzTg", "user_id": "K1O0efH7BmESfIkY2xD9qQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "6/28/2017", "text": "This is actually a very charming place with great outdoor dinning. Not a good idea to show up without reservation - you  have to wait for sure. I arrived with reservation on a day when weather was having its  schizophrenic attacks and took my chances with the weather - and got interrupted mid-meal. This review, though, is not impacted by the act-of-nature. Ordered their veggie bruschetta (hummus, tomatoes and some greens) was really roasted to perfection. As many have pointed out, they do char the crust - rally loved the crispy feel and the taste. Only issue is that for around $6, the serving size was quite humble. Their pizza had rave reviews so I decided to order a veggie pizza with caramelized onions and roasted peppers. Sorry - that did not taste fresh at all! The crust was good, the mozzarella was superb, but the toppings just did not measure up to the billings.  May visit again to try some other items. This particular visit was a bit of a downer."}, {"review_id": "9Xibwr0rlmNyVndABm8_bg", "user_id": "_8_xgsROsH9h53_YErsZ3g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/7/2018", "text": "Wow this place has amazing pizza! Lots of topping choices and the pizza is cooked to perfection. Also, the dark chocolate ice cream is a must!"}, {"review_id": "7znaWoUhXm7J86shHhmpuQ", "user_id": "fyGbnvlI5yri0vMlQvCPkA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "Pizza was amazing. The only reason my review is 4 instead of 5 stars is because the large pie was more of what I would expect of a medium - esp for $20+. The flavors are insanely delicious though. Alsatian was unlike anything I've ever tried."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/picco-boston-2?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]