[[{"review_id": "Jdi_DUelJuMuNolrP1GiFg", "user_id": "Bs0wMg9feuxxL859SEZ31A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "LOVED my experience here at Gaslight!Came here with friends and chatted for a while. We didnt get much food but wine and some appetizers. Service was on point. Always there when you need them but they dont hover over your table 24/7. The vibe here is perfect.Food is delicious! The mussels!!! Highly recommend! Hope to come back soon :)"}, {"review_id": "1L4OyL722jRAB4ZldSzIAA", "user_id": "83LvBFt_5ev_gZ0-C36QuA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/12/2018", "text": "This is one of my favorite places in Boston. I love French food of all kinds, and while this isn't the most traditional French place in the world, they do everything well. Beautiful space (with free parking!), great service, amazing food and drinks. I recommend this place as much as I can.My favorite things:-Bone marrow: I'm a sucker for bone marrow. I know it's a bit of an intimidating thing if you've never had it, but it's like warm meat butter (does that even sound appetizing? I'm sorry if it doesn't). Spread it on some toast and throw some of the accoutrements on top for acidity, and you will love yourself.-Roasted cod poelee: I think about this dish way too much. Beautiful cod with a bunch of clams and mussels and chorizo in a creamy, tangy sauce that I can't even describe. It is so flavorful. The best part, though? The slice of bread under the cod that soaks up all this incredible sauce. As I strong proponent of dipping bread in leftover sauce, this shook me. -I also had a fantastic cocktail that was a bit spicy, but I have no idea what the name was :( I wanna say that there was chartreuse in it, though?I will be back."}, {"review_id": "YNVrDh3KQ2e0H6VWW59N5Q", "user_id": "BCTYJgPzotuIpfL8z4h7qQ", "rating": 2.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "I have always had great time here. Great food, great service and nice place. This is the first time i am having a very bad experience with our \"Reservation\". We were put into a very tiny small table to fit all 7 of us. I believe the table only fits Max 5. One of us had to sit on the aisle and ppl are walking through his back, making us feel so uncomfortable, moving chair during our lunch time. And his jacket got so dirty by all those walking through ppl and servers dishes. We have two kids too but the restaurant seem not care at all. We tried to ask for another bigger table but of course the answer is no. There is some safty concern i think this restaurant needs to really consider carefully.But the server is so nice and friendly!! Thank you"}, {"review_id": "_OwUufGvQtiWAyvJUV8nBQ", "user_id": "VBJzBvlh5UhmO-Bcx1FqPg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "The ambiance was French and very cute. Service was good, our waiter was very nice. Unfortunately, the food was mediocre. I got the pork hash, it had flavor but not the best flavors. I ended up not really eating he hash and mostly eating the toast and fried eggs that came with it (eggs were cooked to perfection!) I also got the French hot chocolate which was the perfect sweetness. My friend got the Niçoise salad and loved it. The truffle fries were overwhelming with the truffle oil. Overall- good experience, but I wish I ordered something else.EDIT: The manager actually saw my review as we were waiting for the check and offered to change my entree, apologized for me not liking it, removed it from the bill, and was super kind about getting a different dish; bumped up to 4 stars for excellent service!"}, {"review_id": "p8tJQZI45rmSypY6pRvvqA", "user_id": "zuGXrW6gko2hiRX-a2JXKw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/3/2018", "text": "This is a solid place! It can get a bit busy on weekends but if you come during non-peak times, you're set. The ambiance is dark and the location has a convenient parking lot to the side.The food is pretty good. We got the caprese salad and the tomatoes were so juicy. We also got the steak which was good and juicy.For drinks, they have a full bar with a good selection of cocktails and wine. This place would be good for a casual date or night out with friends."}, {"review_id": "b0VCqKUusOOGaP-s4HuGIQ", "user_id": "l5HDIE7PptNzMDukTBirDQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/26/2018", "text": "I'm a huge fan.  This spot is so cute.  I loved the French vibe.  It is very cozy and romantic feeling -- dim lights, lots of wood, absolutely wonderful.I had a reservation for 5:45pm on a Wednesday night, and I loved that even though I showed up early before the other person - they sat me.  I also love that there were only two of us but they put us in a super cozy booth.  I think the wines/food are reasonably priced and the service is wonderful.  Our server was very on top of it, and super friendly.  My two favorites of the night were the foie gras and the creme brulee -- definitely give those a try!  Although with the foie gras - I wasn't a fan of the nuts with it, I ended up moving those to the side.  Overall, definitely recommend this spot.  It's cozy, classy, romantic, intimate -- service is amazing, food/wine was great.  I'll definitely return."}, {"review_id": "A1hece0rrLTH3BqSFlBc1Q", "user_id": "PK6txq7fd945nX86_dSw9Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/10/2018", "text": "Had a good time here on a weekend day. I recommend reservations on the weekends. Came with a group of 8 and had a nice long table. The atmosphere is loud with the main room having high ceilings. Service was attentive and had no issues. They have a good brunch special pre-fixe review. 1. Raspberry shortbread pastry - 4/5. Sweet and fresh. Breaks apart pretty well and not just all over the place.2. Scambled eggs with eggs - 3.6/5. Simply, not too greasy and still has flavor. 3. Grapefruit juice - Freshly squeezed, tarty, sweetOverall, I'll come back for more brunch!"}, {"review_id": "SVzRX6QcxIGvoJJcqeXsPA", "user_id": "uVhf2A-VM1OublBTmhhK0A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/2/2018", "text": "Came here for brunch and was a bit skeptical since most places that have a long line are not as great as expected. However, gaslight defied my expectations and boy , let me tell you. I got the Crepes Parisienne , and I wasn't expecting much, like your other avg brunch spots , it looked like an amount of food put on a plate plated well, but how the eggs toast and tomato combined to make a heavenly combination really blew my mind. My friend got the croque madame and it looked/ tasted delicious ( I took a piece from her haha) the portions were I think the perfect amount. Overall, would love to go again once I go back to Boston  That was the best brunch place that I've been to ever, and it was worth the wait."}, {"review_id": "d8fn0oIIRnVUCGoMFKFHTg", "user_id": "-QmEKJ_CzZnT9biZHddfZQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/27/2018", "text": "This review is solely for brunch, although I hear that the dinner is also delicious. I was very surprised at how delicious my meal was. We ordered different poached eggs, and although I thought I ordered the Kale poached eggs, I got the tomato-based one while my dining partner got the mushroom-based poached eggs. My sauce was heavenly; portions are french bistro, but each bite was delicious. The restaurant is spacious, and I was easily able to make reservations on Opentable. Our service was wonderful too - water was always refilled without waiters being overbearing. I also ordered the yogurt/granola/fruit side, and while it was delicious at first, \"cheap fruit\" was hiding at the bottom and definitely bulking up the cup. After eating delicious granola, strawberries, and blueberries, I got to the middle of the cup and..had to eat huge chunks of honeydew and canteloupe. Not the best ending to the meal. The wait wasn't short for our food to come out, but the manager sent over some strudel/pastries to tide us over - which were delectable! We left the meal happy."}, {"review_id": "NSn78pl3rFHTNrxVJhvmMw", "user_id": "L2JUm1kc8M3ji-Ud2HUBSw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/30/2017", "text": "In a word? Amazing. We came here after a long day of driving from NY, and were delighted to find a diverse menu full of sophisticated flavors, all for reasonable prices. I had the roasted delicata squash and a Lillet Blanc to start. The squash was incredible -- soft, and a perfect balance of sweet and savory. For my main I had the lemon sole, and it was exceptional. The dish was definitely rich (because butter, am I right?), but the capers (which I normally hate!) were the perfect complement for a pop of saltiness. The fresh micro croutons and string beans were great for texture, and the potatoes were just a sinful side hidden beneath the rest. I'd eat this meal ten times over if I weren't cholesterol conscious."}, {"review_id": "ySkcRK7p8098zIo8eudtyA", "user_id": "mN8HHs6wmrjCw9mhHdUtag", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/20/2018", "text": "Awesome meal, great location and beautiful interior.  Sat at the bar and received excellent service. French onion soup was delicious and perfectly seasoned with a faint and not at all overpowering essence of truffle.  Had the Roasted Cod Poêlée as a main and it was the best seafood dish I have had in a very long time.  The cod was roasted perfectly, the shellfish was not over cooked and the sauce was amazing.  I finished off the sauce with a spoon because it would be a sin to leave any behind.  Skipped desert because I was so full but the choices looked great. Highly recommend this spot and will definitely be returning."}, {"review_id": "qo-bQ0jRmXb_G0HYL6GksQ", "user_id": "VLi2FBoaoKnTeozHstt_3g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/3/2017", "text": "Restaurant has a parking lot.  Place was packed. Very low lighting ambience.  Lemon Sole was bland and did not taste fresh. With waitress's recommendation, she replaced it with sweet tasty Trout.  Chocolate Beignets were not on the sweet side.  Creme Brûlée was a little burnt and tasted more like egg tart. Lemon Souffle has a texture of a lemon flan.  Charcuterie was decent.  Truffle fries and Escargots were good.  Lobster bisque was sweet and delicious.  Our waitress was attentive and awesome. I do recommend coming here if you don't mind the long waits to be seated."}, {"review_id": "Spk9ofkLu1fUrnQFJYHcJw", "user_id": "wJrCDPV6YH5U0ELVfzcPBg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "12/27/2017", "text": "3.5 stars - who knew how hard it would be to get here from the South end? If we knew how tough traffic was going to be we would have walked!Anyways we aimed to be here for the nightly Prix Fixe dinner offer but ended up 8 minutes late for it so No $29.95 dinner for us. We had a great booth and it was PACKED on a recent Friday Night. Very romantic ambience but it was noisy.Started with two cocktails - Mademoiselle and a bourbon drink for my hubs. Both good. Followed up with some nice reasonably priced wines by the glass,Escargot - perfectly done BUT we had to ask fro bread to go with it...(?) Hubs had the Bone Marrow - beautifully presented but they topped it with sweet short rib meat (?) sadly that did not enhance the dish, neither did the brioche toasts (too sweet overall)For entrees I had the duck confit (was good but not great - dry, the red rice it was served with was yummy) and hubs had the Swordfish with Mash & Brussels Sprouts which he enjoyed. We might return but will leave more time to get here from Downtown next time."}, {"review_id": "4JdRMHGAZ6I8x_OAMd7kHw", "user_id": "GcRReISCooKwajFzqlFY0Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/7/2018", "text": "Visited from Atlanta, and its a MUST try!Atmosphere:- This place is a bit hidden with a side entrance not too visible. The signs aren't big but they are there. The minute you walk in it is dark with a french brasserie 50's feel. Classy and super neat. Old school chairs, tables and background. Even the bar looks old. Everyone is dressed up in a barber style jacket to serve in. Service:- Their service was amazing. Quick, nice and comforting. They started off us with drinks and did their typical explanation of what is good and special.Food:-The duck confit is a MUSTTT have and delicious! After reading so many good reviews and pictures on Yelp raving about it we had to give it a try for our first time at Gaslight. The duck was super fall of the bone tender. Didn't even need a knife to separate the meat. We had also ordered escargot, the arugula salad, muscles, and the salmon. The salad was a tad small, but whatever that cheese was, it melted in your mouth. I'd recommend you try all of these items above. We also couldn't stop eating the freshly baked bread. For dessert we ordered the creme brûlée and the molten chocolate cake. The yummy custard was nice, thick, and creamy! The top layer of sugar was thick enough to make it fun to break through without overpowering the dessert with too much sweetness. The molten cake was quite disappointing. For a cake to be advertised as molten chocolate cake we left wondering where the chocolate taste was..and the molten part was more of a mush. - They make great drinks and are quick.Overall:- Definitely a must try. We'll come back next time we're in town. An easy 4/5.Tip: Come on a weeknight after 7pm. It has less people then. All the business people will be gone by then."}, {"review_id": "8Ou4nizqPhFfotkLy8aTcw", "user_id": "CReuui-kFgacQoyyxJLWNQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/17/2018", "text": "Gaslight, Brasserie du Coin (literally translated, \"Brewery on the Corner\") lives up to what it claims to be -- an unpretentious, relaxed little spot in South End for some popular French eats and drinks, from lush hangover cocktails to an eclectic collection of 20+ wines. I went for a light Saturday brunch after booking a reservation for 12:45pm, though there were still some open seats when I arrived.That being said, know what you're getting yourself into:1. Noisy, casual atmosphere - It's bustling with chatty brunchers, both old and young. The high beamed wood ceilings create the illusion of spaciousness, but make for an extremely loud interior when paired with a crowded house, resembling a high school cafeteria. Let it be known that this is a very casual eating scene.2. Poor service - I have to mention that the staff here have very few words and expressions, coming off as brash and uncharismatic. I had to wave around and remind a few of the hectic waiters 25+ minutes after being seated to take my simple order. Off to a bad start. Our server was clumsy, and seemed incapable of living in the moment, his first words being a brusque, \"What do you guys want today.\" No \"hi\". No \"how are you\". No asking if I wanted either the included tea or coffee with my Prix Fixe, leaving me with an unmatched, sugary square of shortbread and prompting me to ask for the cup of joe myself. A severe lack of personalized attention to individual customers bumps my rating down to a 3.5, but, Yelp-app-permitting, I round to a 4.0.2. Cohesive decor - The interior design is uniformly rustic, with reclaimed wood floors, earthy tones, vintage tables, warm lights, and wine bottles everywhere. Now, cohesive doesn't necessarily mean the most aesthetically pleasing. I wasn't plan on munching on some escargots in front of a rusty old mirror and a tarnished velvet curtain. But it sure does contribute to a laidback vibe.3. Delicious, classic French cuisine - I ordered a serving of escargots ($9.75) and the Prix Fixe ($11.95/person), a delightful customized brunch special comprised of orange juice, a mug of drip coffee, a piece of Julia Child's Spiced Shortbread with raspberry jam, and a classic Omelette Lyonnaise (treat 'yoself). Everything was delicious. The OJ was freshly squeezed, bursting with pulpy tanginess. The sweet, crumbly shortbread was very standard, but satisfying, balancing well with the bitterness of black coffee. The escargots lacked salt, but were earthy, hot, made-to-order, and submerged in a flavorful, nutty parsley and garlic butter. Paired with the included warm baguette, this really hit the spot. The flavor of the omelette was subtle, but substantial, full of creamy gruyere and wholesome white potato chunks. Overall, this wasn't an exquisite dining experience, but well exceeded my expectations and very well worth the price, as a $$ restaurant. Great food, questionable service."}, {"review_id": "1XcXz4pxRZERXZ5RplhoDA", "user_id": "XZaCs-Gs0SXdZgfG38GFYw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/6/2017", "text": "Note: FREE, validated parking in the rather large lot located directly next to the restaurant. Parisian food in a typical brasserie setting. Very low lighting with modern decor, but not overly pretentious. Server was charming and quite funny! He was super attentive and made sure we were well stocked with complimentary baguette. This was very fresh and pleasantly warm!For food, zee better half and I went with the following:*Steak Tartare*: With an egg on top! Very granulated bits of steak when you break it apart, but very juicy and tart.*Chili-Glazed Roasted Swordfish*: I think I've only had swordfish maybe one or two other times in my lifetime, but I do remember having them at a certain doneness. I was not asked in this case and it was admittedly somewhat dry, but the surrounding ingredients were phenomenal. Marsacapone grits were creamy and thick, brussell sprouts were acidic and juicy, the apples added sweetness, and the pancetta added a savory quality. Fantastic dish! *Roasted Cod Poelee*: The roasted cod entree was a deal! Not only was there fish, but mussels, clams, AND oysters were included! I had some cod with the lightly spiced sauce and it was rich. Boyfriend all but inhaled this dish.Select craft beer available on tap although they had pretty much run out of everything when we went. Craft cocktails are notable. *Mademoiselle*, while deceptively feminine sounding, was actual rather strong and dry with a hint of lemon. Respectful drink!"}, {"review_id": "wP0i5t-EO7feikVWL1EGpA", "user_id": "ZLQsmNQfYv8s3M6BMrKfYA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/26/2018", "text": "My wife an I just ate at the Gaslight and I cannot say enough good things about this amazing restaurant. Our server, Matt, was amazing. He helped my wife pick an awesome drink for herself and paired my wine to my meal perfectly. For dinner We started off with a Charcuterie Board that was out of this world! Next we moved onto the main course. I had the steak and frites (and believe me it is even better than the rave reviews say it is) and my wife had the Beef Bourguignon. Both my steak and her beef were cooked perfectly. My steak had a nice charring on the outside with a warm pink medium rare inside. My wife's beef was warm and could be cut with a fork, no knife needed! Last but not least, dessert. A chocolate dish with lemon icing and peels that rocked our socks off.  We will definitely be back with family and friends and can't recommend the Gaslight enough!"}, {"review_id": "xcz89oHRcj6YHcTh53XhIA", "user_id": "0Zqn0tXBMznfF3vTEiuiOw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "Very romantic and the food doesn't disappoint! Was perfect for a date night - affordable wine list, candlelit tables and fun music playing in the background."}, {"review_id": "3_Nzeu3RBpKPSO9GAsjJoA", "user_id": "Kg2rOerzJ0-blf6LlKYvXA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/30/2018", "text": "Do you dream of being immersed in the charm of Paris? Is French food one of your preferred cuisines? Then I can't recommend Gaslight enough. The venue has tall ceilings and a combination of smaller tables, booths and a long table for groups. It's a bit dim, so people with bad eyes beware, you may need to pull out your phone for light. It's a favorite for my family when we want a good meal. I've been here several times and have a few go-to items. First, I always start with the escargots. These tiny little squirts of buttery goodness are amazing. Make sure to save the complimentary bread the waiter brings to dip in the extra butter. For the main dish, my two favorites are the steak frites and the duck confit. For brunch, it's hard to go wrong. The items I love the best are the Croquet-Madame or the caramelized onion & bacon tarte. The poached eggs a la Zingara are also not to be missed. Overall, the price, atmosphere, and service make it one of the hidden gems in Boston. Pro tip - they validate parking in the lot next door. This makes it a great spot if you're bringing together folks from all over Boston."}, {"review_id": "sqKzl0AG0165xqMUyOpvOQ", "user_id": "AxrQyWoi8H0Tl9As-qkBAg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/15/2018", "text": "Boyfriend and i had a reservation for 2 at 7. we were running late so he called and let the host know and was told that anytime we come would be fine. we showed up about 10 minutes late. we were seated in about 20 minutes or so. wasn't that big of a deal since it was valentine's day and we knew it was super busy. i've been here before in the past but for some reason last nights seemed extra dimly lit. it's pretty difficult to see in my opinion. but it was romantic. we were seated on a long table which was sectioned into 4 by candles. very romantic but again. the candles were basically the only light we had so it was hard to see. i ordered a white sangria and a harpoon ipa for the boyfriend. we ordered the bone marrow for the appetizer and he got the cod poellee and i got the steak frites, medium well. we were given some bread as we waited. we got our bone marrow very quickly. it was 1 piece for about 13$ and definitely worth every penny! so delicious and it was both of our first times trying it! highly recommend !this is where things went downhill. the table to our right was seated way after us and somehow got their food first. their appetizer came out after ours. at first we were given their food, but it was a simple mistake. so we just waited. and waited. they brought out two appetizers to our table that weren't for us. it was for the table to the left. and then again. they brought out two more dishes that they presumed to be ours but were not. then they gave it to the table to the left of us and it wasn't theirs either. so now here we are just sitting there waiting for our food still. about an hour goes by and still no food and our waitress gives us more bread to munch on and at that point i'm basically getting full off their bread. finally our dishes come out and turns out that my medium well steak turned into medium steak. i honestly didn't even bother flagging down the waitress because we were trying to get out of there. i ate the steak the way it was and it was just okay. too rare for me. i think the sauce that it comes with was the only thing that made it worthwhile. boyfriend said his cod was amazing. he enjoyed the sauce that his cane with. said it was perfect with some bread.we finished our food and drinks and thought about dessert but it was already 9 and we were on a time crunch as it was getting later and later and boyfriend comes from RI. took forever to flag down our waitress to get the check and took even longer for her to take the check and card from us.  while i understand it was valentine's day and very busy. there just seemed to be one too many errors throughout the night. not sure if i'd come back anytime soon."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/gaslight-brasserie-boston-5?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]