[[{"review_id": "YLwxo6mBX9EyT7uJe--KZQ", "user_id": "i7Ss1BZxXBG3z7l9Nz90Eg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "Went in the afternoon for food before a flight back home and a friend recommended this place.When we got there, it was fairly empty (3:15) so food arrived pretty quick. The waiter ordered a dozen of oysters for us since we weren't familiar with the names they had on the menu. They were a pretty good selection and some variety.Service was good and I'm sure it gets lit at night since by the time we were done eating and leaving, a lot of people started going in to the restaurant."}, {"review_id": "Y3RGaAuggxf1zNug7VMIQQ", "user_id": "uLzfATtfRqOr4Ea32wKk3w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Long overdue, but glad I got to finally check out Row 34 recently! Coming in with a group for dinner on Saturday, and had to wait for about 1.5 hours. While waiting, we could sit at the bar ordering some drinks and appetizers. The menu changes daily, so it's hard to recommend a specific fixed menu other than the raw oysters. The Row 34 and Island Creek were my top favorites. Oysters were so fresh, and I appreciate that they served them with multiple sauces: the classic oyster sauce with horseradish, the in-house sauce (it was really good!), and Sriracha. We also opted it for the black ink pasta and a fish entree, which were fine but not the best I've had. One unexpectedly tasty dish was the fried chicken! Yep, don't judge me ordering fried chicken at a seafood restaurant. It was delicious! Well-spiced, well-fried, Kind of reminded me of a Southern fried chicken. I would probably go back and order it again on my next visit. The burger with fried oysters was also another good choice to order. Note that service will be a bit sub-par during rush hour, which was unfortunate. All in all, I would definitely come back for the oysters and probably the fried chicken! :-)"}, {"review_id": "ASAFqH9kDlvxpsOJOWrjJw", "user_id": "of5fAjJnT8sv32EG8z-oNA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "This place is great!  Went here tonight after having a not so pleasing experience at another local restaurant.We sat at the bar and started off with the scallop ceviche and fried clams.  The scallop dish was so tasty, it came with sweet potato chips which I normally don't care for, but they totally worked in this dish.  The clams were also very good and I loved the tartar sauce that accompanied.  My husband ordered me the lobster roll.  I got the \"buttered\" version, the other one was more of a classic New England style (Ethel's creamy lobster).  I don't think it was worth the $36 dollars they charged. I mean sure it was good but I've had similar for WAAAAAY less dineros.  Overall it was a nice evening out and I would surely come back."}, {"review_id": "9aU8Whl156I5lG_MtrHjEQ", "user_id": "8IbOcBWpQ0-_OWN3clbX9Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "Recommended for a seafood lunch from a colleague who lives here. Overall, quite good. The clam chowder was a little too.. modern or artistic for my taste. I personally prefer a more traditional recipe. Again, it wasn't bad, but different from what I was looking for. I would have opted for shrimp had I known. Oysters were good, 4/5 is a good rating here, also. The staff were very helpful, professional, and friendly."}, {"review_id": "2q8mUrU1LSwO3MNCgkOxVg", "user_id": "nJRC9BUXSho8BnplaoClBA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "Gorgeous Saturday afternoon in Boston, met a friend at Row 34 for lunch.The complimentary bread rolls are soft, fresh and have touch of nutmeg, which is quite nice. The oysters here are on point, and are accompanied by a nice array of sauces including house Mignonette, cocktail sauce, Sriracha, and tabasco.In addition to oysters we also ordered black fish and scallop ceviche from the raw bar. I don't know when the restaurant started tossing sweet potato chips on top of their ceviche, but it didn't used to be like this. The ceviche is already on the oily side, but the sweet potato chips are not only are obnoxious in that they obscure the ceviche, they muddle the taste. You still taste the lime and shallot, but the overuse of olive oil combined with the sweet potato chips really ruins this dish. I understand the chips can provide some nuance, texture and perhaps act as a palate cleanser, but they should be served on the side, not on top. I do not recommend ordering these ceviches.Clam chowder is satisfactory. It is a one note chowder, there is one large saltine cracker in the center of the dish. Small bits of clam, bits of celery, potato and ham. The ham is salty and detracted from the experience with its cheap taste. Consistency is good, not as thick as some other places. This chowder is definitely more buttery than creamy. But again, because the ingredients do not retain much individuality, everything blends together into a mostly one note, basic chowder. Fried Oysters are also satisfactory. Not much flavor in the batter, oysters are juicy, with a subtle brininess. The tartar sauce is on point, creamy but not too thick so it coats the food perfectly. Made fresh and not from a bottle like some other places.The french fries unfortunately left much to be desired. Most were soggy, lacked both texture and flavor. The flavor was a bland flavor, like fries that have been left around past that crucial period when they are hot off the grease. We did not finish our fries. Grilled salmon, again, is satisfactory. The salmon itself was a little rubbery, perhaps overcooked.The flavor was dull. What does make this dish interesting is the vegetables, which outshine the salmon itself. The yogurt curry on the side offers a unique complexity in tandem with the slightly charred, nicely cooked carrots, chickpeas, grains  and onion. The carrots in particular have a great balance between being raw and cooked, soft slightly charred outside, soft al dente in side with a distinct sweet carrot flavor. Mixing with the salmon does well the compensate for the lack of flavor in the fish. Lastly was the lobster roll. If you come to Row 34 this would be the dish I recommend you order. I got the hot roll. The roll is simple, large chunks of buttered lobster piled onto a toasted roll that has seemingly been soaked in butter.The combination of lobster and butter is nice, and the buttered roll has a nutty undertone, which provides a nice complexity. My only complaint is that the texture on the lobster was a little too chewy for my taste. The house made chips that came with the roll were good, clean tasting and crunchy. Row 34 used to be one of my Boston standbys, unfortunately over the years I am sad to say the quality is on the decline. The oysters and lobster roll are still on point, but there are some spots in Boston that do it better. The ceviche, chowder and fried dishes, leave something to be desired."}, {"review_id": "MjdybHoNv9sNemwEBnA9HA", "user_id": "UDPrI0rSDJmRT1q-pF3kpg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "Went here for lunch yesterday with BBE, it was my first time there and I'm glad we chose to come here. Our server was very friendly and recommended a really good white wine to go with our oysters. We ordered a dozen oysters, all different types to compare. We also ordered the lobster tacos, uni toast, shrimp sliders, and split the entree of hot buttered lobster roll. The lobster tacos were very pretty in presentation and tasty as well. I probably wouldn't order this again, it's kind of something I wanted to order just to try once. The uni toast was nice. The toast took away from the taste of the Uni, which probably is good for those who don't normally eat sea urchin and isn't a huge fan of the taste. I liked it though. Huge Uni fan. The oysters were all so fresh! I loved them all, barely had to even put anything on it except for lemon. Shrimp sliders, BBE really enjoyed his. I liked it, it was good but I'm not a huge shrimp girl, so it was just a one and done thing for me. But that lobster roll tho..........soooo good, the chips it came out with was very good too! Would definitely get that lobster roll again! All in all, great experience, great food, great service!"}, {"review_id": "JOVqwvatEPlFMYBlJ6HCvQ", "user_id": "wUgRsMwL-BCreuMBgmFdWg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "My coworkers were in town for less than 24 hours from and were looking for somewhere we could get some great seafood. Row 34 was one of the only restaurants in the area that actually took reservations and had excellent Yelp reviews.Row 34 has a very cool vibe and a huge beer & wine list. We were seated pretty quickly at a quiet table in the corner of the restaurant. The food was excellent. I ordered the jalapeno calamari as an appetizer and the sauce it came with was killer. My coworkers and I all got the warm lobster rolls. They had a ton of lobster in them and tasted very fresh. (There were two kinds of lobster rolls available-- a cold one lightly dressed with may and the warm roll with butter.) We were very pleased with our choice to eat at Row 34! I would definitely recommend to any one looking for traditional clam chowder & a lobster roll."}, {"review_id": "Rs00t-bnCV6LW4lhpFOo1w", "user_id": "5RhE6tDc2xH6ySYGiSjiGQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "Breaking News!!!Just died and went to heaven!This place is \"Da Bomb\"!!!Lobster rolls are on top of my list of favorite seafoods. And I have had the pleasure of eating lobster rolls all over the place. Let me just cut to the chase. What I just experienced in the form of the Warm Lobster Roll at Row 34 is the King of all lobster rolls I have ever had. Here's the kicker: their preparation could not be simpler. A warm buttered roll literally JAMMED with huge chunks of warm buttered lobster. House sauce on the bread, all served with crispy chips and a small dollop of coke slaw on the side. No fuss no muss!!!This really was heaven. Now having consumed it just 10 minutes ago, I was so satisfied that I had to share my experience as quickly as possible. Heads up though: it will cost you a cool $35 but it was worth every penny. So next time in Boston head for the Boston Wharf and check this place out. Friendly staff, cool vibe and a haven for seafood lovers. Caio!"}, {"review_id": "bPZknd5fIOBcsaSa210FBA", "user_id": "dMT5u-fsxEkP3x53_FxLLg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "Came into Row after reading a few yelp reviews and I must say 'thank you!' to all the helpers who led me in the right direction! Stopped in for a late lunch while wandering the city alone and was greeted by very sweet hostesses. They asked if I preferred a table or to sit at the bar and I chose the latter. I'm very glad I did as the bartender was very helpful! Hailing from Chicago, I haven't tried a variety of oysters but he helped me pick out a few that are popular. I'm a beer drinker but never know what to order, so the bartender asked what type of beer I liked and poured me two samples before I ordered. Small acts like that scream volumes about an establishment and their staff. The food was fantastic. I couldn't get enough of the tacos! Beautiful presentation, perfectly crunchy, and all the flavors complimented each other. Also that mango salsa..... I would come back to Boston for that alone."}, {"review_id": "yFVQq1RvJJG2VxA_LjN-3Q", "user_id": "K2shysedw09xmT3V0kvhOA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/9/2018", "text": "Really nice cute place! Wait service is great. I had to change the reservation a couple of times and they were so accommodating. We were a large group and stayed past closing and they were nice about that too. Didnt feel rushed at all.Loved the fried oysters and steamed mussels. The corn bread was my favorite! Best cornbread ever. So warm and buttery, tasted like cake. The hot lobster roll was decent as well and i subbed the salad for chips and that was good. The salad dressing they put on it was lemony and I really liked it. The catch of the day i thought was overpriced since it was porgi when we went and thats the cheapest fish you can find. We ordered 2 white wines and a red wine both were delicious and great recommendations from the waitress. They also have my favorite dessert wine on the menu. The tokaji. And all the dessert we ordered was great. The flourless chocolate torte was so light and rich at the same time and melted in my mouth. The cheescake i really liked since it was more creamy and fluffy than sweet. Definitely would come back when I'm willing to spend the money again!"}, {"review_id": "at3FaoOqk7tBfq6lBPPnng", "user_id": "iFDHgFbztK-aCQKjyYeifg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/18/2018", "text": "If you're in Boston definitely check this place out! They have amazingly fresh seafood and several craft beers they rotate daily. We ordered oysters, clam chowder and the bacon burger, all were very delicious.Tip - they offer different menus for different times of the day so if you see something on the menu you want make sure you go when that menu is featured!"}, {"review_id": "S75jgFNCpoA809aQqcfpAg", "user_id": "0oURdTWcS5n62xG7UNlkqA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/28/2018", "text": "Very solid seafood spot in Boston! I would recommend coming here for dinner and drinks, it tends to cater to a young professional crowd and the atmosphere is cool, dim, industrial, and modern. First, the selection of drinks is pretty good. There's a nice tap list with beers from all over. One of the highlights of our dinner was the service. Our waiter Danny was incredibly friendly, attentive, and helpful with suggestions. For apps, we got 12 raw oysters (very good in my opinion), fried oysters, and the cider mussels. I loved all of them. Dinner, I got the lobster roll. Compared to other places in Boston, it wasn't my favorite. The lobster was a bit over cooked. Others got the trout (pretty good), squid ink and shrimp (highly recommend!!) and the monkfish (so good). Sides we got onion rings (pretty average) and the charred broccoli (excellent!). No room for dessert after that but I'm sure it's delicious."}, {"review_id": "lHAKTiF35vstoEW74EtlOw", "user_id": "etmS0hnNomEm6ujkN4fEHg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/28/2017", "text": "We've been to Row for brunch, for birthdays, for bar-side post-workout snacks, for beverages, and for butterscotch pudding. Row never disappoints. Their commitment to the local food community is real, and they curate their thoughtful seasonal menus directly from it.Vegetarians should note that although there isn't always a full-on vegetarian entree on the menu, they can prepare something for you on request or you can combine vegetable \"sides.\" The Brussels sprouts are fantastic. Non-vegetarians will likely recognize some of their favourite New England oysters on the raw bar menu. Island Creek oysters, a sister company, has some of the best oysters I've ever tried. And don't miss out on the cocktail shrimp, they've become my standard for other restaurants. Overall, the raw bar items are priced reasonably for the area and similar restaurants around Boston. As for the lobster rolls, both the warm and cold are delicious. If you're on a date and can't choose between them, order one of each and split. Tip: swap the potato chips for \"skinny fries.\" They're not on the menu, but they have them, and they're amazing. (You didn't hear it from me.)Take your parents, take your friends, but whoever you take, make sure they're good at sharing. You're going to want to try everything on the table!"}, {"review_id": "dwkHvzMc2f-FXMo4JXC7vg", "user_id": "gtu-oPGiQcRL4bH9BPB7_g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/27/2018", "text": "Great beer selection - if you appreciate beers, this is a great spot to go. For food - we had some oysters which were absolutely outstanding. Their roasted whole fish was Branzino which had excellent seasoning, was cooked perfectly and was just a very solid meal. Really enjoyed Row 34 and would come back for lunch or a special occasion dinner."}, {"review_id": "2fZiiZ7CWslcvVZ3JiAnVQ", "user_id": "RvwIAsqfuf0e4R4SIAjrJw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/21/2018", "text": "Came here in search of a solid lobster roll and chowder and had my expectations more than met.  Sat at the bar which had a couple of empty seats during a busy weeknight - there were also a few tables open for walk-ins but in general I'd recommend a reservation.The menu is solid and I had a hard time making decisions about what to get but I stuck to my guns and committed to chowder and a lobster roll.  After a lot of discussion with the bartender I went with a warm lobster roll.  While I waited the bartender was awesome and helped me to pick out a beer to go with my meal - he was patient, letting me try multiple options until I found a sour beer that I really enjoyed.  I could tell he was interested in helping me find something that unique - if you're a beer drinker definitely lean on the bartenders to help you find something new!The chowder was delicious, creamy and rich, with a good amount of clams and potatoes but not so much that it resulted in too much chewing. It was rich, though, so if you're planning on doubling down on rich seafood goodness I'd warn that you take a breather or two between courses!The lobster roll was great. I'd come back here again for it, despite having tried lots of places in Boston. It was buttery, tender, flavorful, and a great value!  The bread itself was soft and warm and it was dripping with butter.  Yum. Just thinking about it makes me want to come back.Overall, great meal and great service!  Only downside might be that it's a little bit loud, but, it speaks to how popular Row 34 is."}, {"review_id": "tpyw_hHYw_TZmaSLFrHQ6g", "user_id": "edcURGna2fLnK0E276r_vw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/2/2018", "text": "This review is long overdue, but the impeccable experience continues to linger. I was traveling with my parents in search of a good seafood restaurant with a nice ambience. We completely struck gold with this place. The staff was so patient and kind with us as I translated the menu for my parents and our waiter was very knowledgable with everything on the menu.We asked for some recommendations for some fresh oysters and some local beer that was worth trying, and they did not disappoint. The oysters were fresh and top quality, the lobster roll was warm and buttery and described, and we tried a beer that came from the brewery next door. We also had the tuna crudo, tuna tartarte, the flat iron steak - cooked medium rare to perfection, and the side of corn bread with maple butter is a must try, it was crispy on the outside, perfectly warm inside. I wish they had something like this is my city. If you're in Boston, skip Neptune's long line, and just come here. You won't regret it!"}, {"review_id": "Xlc8qNjgjizLV8heWlBmhw", "user_id": "wJrCDPV6YH5U0ELVfzcPBg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/27/2017", "text": "Plan ahead and make a res way ahead - this place is a hot ticket. We were fortunate enough to be staying right across the street at the Marriott so had no issues with parking or getting here. We were only able to get a res at 5:00pm on a Saturday and we booked 2 weeks ahead.  Anyhow...Really cool sleek Industrial vibe yet seductively lit space. Yes it is loud didn't bother us. Large winding bar would have been my first choice of where to sit but we ended up at a nice table. Our waiter reminded me of an Italian Russel Crowe and prowled our area continuously. We ended up with a couple of dozen tasty fresh oysters from CA, ME and MA - so delicious served with a Mignonette and a cocktail sauce.SUPERB. Our Waiter recommended the Tuna Crudo (INSANELY good ask for the 4th piece for an extra $4 up front) and the Tilefish Ceviche - I am Peruvian and this had some elements of Peruvian ceviche but was very good with the coconut milk in it and the Sweet Potato chips on top.Very nice Beer selection here I enjoyed a pilsner my hubs likes his sour beers.  All in all I recommend it is spendy but the seafood is definitely top notch. We will return but next time will sit at the bar."}, {"review_id": "OjEEkoIHcq9VGHt6rsMdFA", "user_id": "wU9ynvh2OYhVbpopoKFx6Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/2/2018", "text": "Great restaurant with a good atmosphere and it is a truly beautiful looking restaurant.You walk in and see a pile of ice and seafood. The raw bar is awesome. A wide selection of oysters are available, and the server explained all of the differences.The shrimp cocktail was the highlight from the tower. I would trade the 1/2 lobster for shrimp any day. Presentation is awesome, and the cocktail sauce was damn near perfection. Their \"ceviche\" is kind of a let down if you are expecting traditional, but it is done well. It lacked the lime flavor and some seasoning, maybe a hint of spice. They serve it with sweet potato chips which is a nice change from the boiled sweet potato and adds texture.My friends had a couple of burgers, and lobster rolls. They said it was all very good. I had a bit of the burger and was pleasantly surprised at how good it was, considering the menu is 90%+ seafood.They have a very good beer list, featuring tap and bottle, ad well as some specialty rare bottles."}, {"review_id": "PMZbtHtpJOMzu_-hYj85jA", "user_id": "YZuf788NlxefcwQ_JQrPLA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "My first time eating Oysters and I'm glad it happened here. Great place to wine and dine with a great atmosphere that compliments the food. Not too loud with options to dine in or outside."}, {"review_id": "ZeST-zCaRkRQm-8Kc5BIzQ", "user_id": "dlHjGteH_47FBdgqyeQEIA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/24/2018", "text": "We decided to try this place because of the Yelp reviews, to see for myself if it deserved all the 5 stars and it definitely did!!! We love raw seafood so went for the seafood tower, and when our server came out w tower it definitely shocked us (in a good way). It came with a dozen oysters, half dozen little neck clams, ceviche, two half lobsters,and 6 cocktail shrimps. I think it was the perfect amount for two. Everything was so fresh & perfect. We also tried the clam chowder and it was definitely one of the best - I prefer chunky chowder and this definitely hit the spot. Large chunks of clams and baby potatoes, extremely flavourful and I definitely recommend it. Word of advice: make a reservation because the wait was over an hour on Friday nights but it was totally worth it!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/row-34-boston?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]