[[{"review_id": "VkMB5P-cky2ShzEmzwbC4A", "user_id": "bO7SaBKym00SMhzlqky5xA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "Popped in for a late dinner after a concert this past Friday.  Found two spots at the end of the bar.  I've been here once before a few years ago.  Really sharp spot, dimly lit, and sort of a hodgepodge of retro/Art Deco mixed with modern industrial.  Nice bar with nice spirits.Everything was on point, reasonably priced, and delicious.  Sous vide lamb sirloin and the chickpea panisse were the stars.  The chickpea dish was sort of a mystery to me and the really nice bartender guy did his best to describe it but it is just such a unique and amazing dish.  They were like long perfect rectangular fritters.  Dense but fluffy and pretty heavy when you picked them up.  Like little bricks!   So light and fluffy on the inside.  Really clean taste and the two sauces to dip them in were outstanding.  The lamb dish was perfect.  Four big pieces, a nice medium-rare of course, and it cut like butter.  Under it was bed of a citrusy couscous salad, Hungarian chiles, and thinly sliced beets.I've eaten higher end meals all over Detroit and this is one of the better ones with really good value.  Looking forward to the next time!"}, {"review_id": "g8eXAcdIGXme5BMrIbBGfA", "user_id": "9zAOU9D-cjQYrqZwPH4r3w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "Although I wasn't overly impressed with the food taste, everything else was as expected. Very quirky, romantic lighting, different kinds of seating arrangements, and excellent service.I had the house farfalle with brussel sprouts and heirloom tomatoes. It was a bit bland to be honest, however the dish itself looked really appetizing and colorful. We shared the cheese board and the bread was so crispy and buttery! That was really my favorite part.I asked for an extra dirty martini and barely got the regular \"dirty\" taste. My husband had the chicken leg with pilaf and yogurt and loved his dish. I would give it another try, but wish it was more vegetarian friendly."}, {"review_id": "7J9rDcewLvCKMZfcFac4YQ", "user_id": "e2Wj6mfpPdfGg_M4oFW1Zw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "This was a birthday dinner, so we were in a good mood and Republic kept it that way. To start the building itself looks like a castle with cool brick turret corners. The inside is the modern Edison bulb look with cozier seating arrangements. We sat next to a fireplace in the corner.The Drinks: are good. However the signature \"half-blind dovetail\" is a great drink. I had multiplesThe Food: Everything we ate was really good, I especially was a fan of the beet gnocchi.A few reasons I couldn't give it 5 stars were the following, which I would have just on the food alone, we made a reservation for 7 but didn't get seated til 7:30, they don't have a waiting area either, so what do you do if the bar is full? It also got really loud in there to the point where our waitress had to double check multiple things we said at the end of ordering, especially after missing a drink to start, so its hard to be romantic when you have to shout. Then after eating everything, the last plate to be cleared the bus boy accidentally flipped a fork into my lap, but got grease / food on my shirt. That was a \"womp womp\" on the otherwise pretty awesome experience.I would 100% definitely go back and recommend it to anyone for the food alone though!"}, {"review_id": "BnzocTpk0HQ1ZNEFdYYXdw", "user_id": "jt49xjEjQisu6wTTGn6B3A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/15/2018", "text": "Can't believe I haven't written a review for Republic yet! It's easily one of my favorite restaurants in Detroit. I've been several times and I haven't been disappointed in the slightest. I've been with a larger group and split multiple plates and been on a date with my husband and had my own entree and each experience has been to die for.Most recently we came here on Valentine's Day for a lovely dinner. We kind of made a last minute call to come here and we were welcomed warmly, even though it was late in the evening. We each started with a beverage, a beer for my husband and a glass of bubbly rose for me, and a couple of appetizers and it was pitch perfect. To start, we went with the ploughman's plate (a variety of meats, cheeses, and accompaniments), and the whitefish rillette and OMG. I stuffed myself full of those and could have just eaten both of those alone for dinner and walked out ready to pen a 5 star review. For our entrees, my husband with the lamb and it was great. I'm not always the biggest fan of lamb but this one was delicious and cooked perfectly. I went with the beef tenderloin with chanterelle mushrooms and roasted potatoes. This dish was also fantastic. The meat was perfect. PERFECT! If I'm being a bit nitpicky, it was definitely pretty meat-heavy, which like, I ordered the steak, so I'm not complaining about that. Ha. But I would have loved a bit more veggies and mushrooms on the side. For dessert, we went with the baked chocolate mousse, which was pretty much a rich, warm chocolate pudding/brownie batter hybrid topped with cranberry jam, vanilla ice cream, and candied pistachios. Rich, not overly sweet, and the ideal warm end to the meal on a chilly winter's night. Service can be a bit hit or miss. Like it starts off strong but once your meal has arrived it can be tough to find your waitperson, so maybe don't plan to come here if you're on a time crunch, or let them know ahead of time if you need snappier service. We weren't in a hurry so it wasn't a problem, but just a heads up if you are."}, {"review_id": "jeHQugrqCoaGfxHzM09JIQ", "user_id": "GO9qZlnCbkl-yRj2sW0peg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/4/2018", "text": "I have now visited Republic three times, and now feel adequately qualified to give this review lol. I most recently visited Republic this past weekend, and I must admit to being a little nervous since we have not eaten there since the original head chef departed last year. I had no reason for concern. The now current head chef has been with Republic from the very beginning as a sous chef, so the transition was very natural and he already fully understood the restaurant's concept and culinary point of view.What I love about republic is that I know everything I am eating is locally grown and raised and is as fresh as restaurant food can possibly be. I love the ever changing menu and the unexpected ingredient combination in every dish. I always tell people to be open-minded when they go in and to prepare to have a food adventure. Sometime in the dishes listed for the day can be a little intimidating or even scary, but I have never been disappointed in any of the food I have gotten. It is always delicious and unique with plentiful portions perfectly sized for sharing. I strongly recommend trying the chefs menu, or \"prix fixe,\" for the table. You will not be disappointed in their selection and I truly think this is a bargain for what you are receiving. The service here has always been top notch. The servers here are truly informed and educated on everything the restaurant has on the menu and even where it came from. I will take their recommendations every single time. Republic is hands down always our top recommendation to visit in the city of Detroit - we've sent many friends here, and everyone has always been delighted."}, {"review_id": "stQtPVNBJJmICNM5hLdM-w", "user_id": "cc7qRAate2Rb-LtMn7N9Gw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/4/2018", "text": "Republic is a chic tavern style restaurant located in the stunning historical grand army of the republic building, across from Beacon Park. Dim lit, nostalgic Mad Men 50s vibe, with cool blue green walls and leather chairs, and plush booths, juxtaposed with warm red city scape art on the walls. We actually stumbled in here after dinner, as a last stop during Opening Day and really glad we did. Most of us had already eaten dinner so most of our group opted for dessert and cocktails. I will definitely have to return to more fully explore the menu. They offer several small and large plates with locally sourced ingredients, fresh farm to table. They are a bit pricier, most plates average $21-$30. A few of my friends ordered the ice cream. They offer coconut caramel, vanilla and chocolate dirt. My friend ordered the chocolate dirt, a scoop of vanilla ice cream served over chocolate sauce and topped with cookie crumbs with nice presentation served in a wooden bowl. I tried some and it was very good. Another one of my friends ordered the scallops and pork belly, served over micro greens and raddichio. I have an affinity for scallops and these were so delicious! When I return, this is definitely what I will be ordering! I had the half-blind dovetail cocktail with reposado tequila, blood orange tequila, jalapeño and ginger beer. The flavor was good but overpowered by heat. It was extremely spicy, much more spicy than expected, not for the faint of heart, and I typically have a high tolerance for spice. Our server was very knowledgeable, friendly and attentive. The server noticed I was struggling and offered to make it less spicy but i ended up replacing it with the In Bloom, a light refreshing gin cocktail with hibiscus, grapefruit and lemon, which was very good. Some of the other menu items sound intriguing, lamb meatballs and carrot butter risotto. I will definitely have to return to more fully explore the menu."}, {"review_id": "_mQndDz545mwqj0dlcRVZA", "user_id": "knZ1NFEP-P2l-UxMNg44-g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "Delicious! Don't judge it by its looks. Doesn't look like anything special on the inside however, food was amazing. I only give it 4 stars instead of 5 because it was really cold inside & looked cheap and dull.  The menu was exotic, different food like beet gnocchi and lamb chorizo meatballs.  It all tasted spectacular. Even the bacon spread.  We already recommended it to our friends & will be going back!Waitress was friendly & food arrived in a timely manor."}, {"review_id": "wDJ3SFdIMYWqpfEB_0G5zQ", "user_id": "LdxNdNA0PUnucv0nLKk8YA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/30/2017", "text": "This was one of my favorite meals from my trip to Detroit! I can't wait to return. I came with my friend, per her recommendation. She knew I'd absolutely fall in love. I loved how comfy the venue felt. Once I sat down and looked around, I knew I would like it. Our service was excellent and the food was five star. Their \"Charred Duck Breast\" was divine. It came with a smoked beet hummus, roasted beets, black garlic purée, and sliced raw root vegetables. First of  all, the plating was so eye-catching. I was also very much into their \"Curried Lamb Loin\". The smoked hummus and flatbread was addictive and also pretty. My friend tried their house sausage and pierogi and said she enjoyed it. I'm forgetting the name of my drink but it was good. Overall, this was a wonderful time and I'm glad we splurged a bit and tried a few menu items."}, {"review_id": "b74QqELF-KTLecsKeRN4Eg", "user_id": "zy5rvDRgPG1JUNbixZxwUQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/8/2018", "text": "Nothing short of 5 stars. The food, the atmosphere, the hospitality...everything. I got here a little earlier than my friends. The server, Jake, brought me a drink and jokingly said to drink it quickly so they wouldn't know I had one before they arrived. My kind of guy. His assistant, Luke, also kept me company until they all arrived. They were both extremely attentive and helpful when it came to ordering. We decided we should share everything. We got the potato fritters which came with a chili honey dip (delicious!), beef tenderloin that was one of the best I've ever had! Even my sister, who isn't crazy about red meat, was raving about it. We also shared the lamb meatballs which were another crowd favorite and had a sour cream paired with it. Now as far as dessert, we shared the chocolate mousse and donuts. Both were absolutely fantastic! The mousse has a beautiful raspberry jam on it with pistachio and ice cream. Mmm. I want it all again. One of the girls, Natalie, also comped the Ploughmans charcuterie board for us since my sister just got engaged and they've known each other at a past job. It was unexpected and extremely kind of her. I want to say that was another one of our favorites because of the bacon jam, but really, everything was too notch and an absolute favorite! If you're a gin drinker, I recommend Lady Luck. Similar to a gimlet. Very citrusy and delicious. Yum."}, {"review_id": "kx2khOYKPuxN0nX4arJ2CQ", "user_id": "PXt9Q0ZcMsZWmdeVFZa1wA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/3/2017", "text": "So happy that we finally tried out Republic! Do keep in mind that they change the menu from season to season, so what you see online may not be exact. Menu is small but unique, rustic and has something everyone can enjoy-even the picky eaters ;) I have to start off by saying how lovely the entire staff is-from the hostess to the waitstaff. So inviting, warm and helpful. Someone was always checking on us. Atmosphere is cozy and romantic. For how busy it was in there, the vibe remained relaxed and never rushed. Items we tried:The ploughman's plate (meat and cheese board. Loved the house made meats, jam and cheeses; however for $25 we expected a much larger board. Should never run out of cheese before running out of wine lol)Butternut and bread- simple but tasty. Expected more of a bread and butter/dip situation but it's brought out already preparedFried Brussels sprouts- SO good and came out pipping hot just how I love emRoasted carrotsSeared duck breast-loved this dish however would have liked more meat than bread Salmon- perfectly prepared with thinly sliced sunflower seed marinated carrots. Love Overall this was a great experience and would definitely come back and perhaps save room for dessert next time :)"}, {"review_id": "FFmmwgQ1_4dTNJvNN4mMRw", "user_id": "QxvbdJ3PEZLXVQewv0YkNg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "I was highly satisfied with my experience here. It's hard to debate whether you mention the food or the service first. Both were amazing! THE SERVICE--I made a reservation for 4 and wanted to add 2 more people (during March madness!) and they totally accommodated! They went above and beyond to accommodate and literally when the last 2 didn't show we kindly excused ourselves from the table they prepared to a smaller 4 person table and they weren't annoyed at all. Service was amazing. 5 all the way! THE FOOD--fresh, hip, unique flavors and overall delicious. Yes this is a $$$ place for the proportions you get, but it is well worth it. The drinks are really great. The ambiance is great. It very much reminded me of the Trump Hotel in DC (the Benjamin Franklin Bar) A nice location just down from Little Caesar's Arena. I highly enjoyed this place."}, {"review_id": "cs2jMFcP8EqJWjEG3-JrGQ", "user_id": "NH0jtJPJaLvE4ZvK3JPuog", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/14/2018", "text": "One of the best places I've eaten at in awhile. So the thing here is that you have to take a large group and do the price fixe menu. We had a group of 10 and the chef choose the dishes and they were brought out in small plates. We first had the appetizers of charcuterie, duck and duck liver pate. Amazing! Then we had side dishes of Brussels sprouts and a carrot fish. Again, so good! The entrees were never ending with lamb, beef tenderloin, trout, pork loin and a rabbit dish. Everything was so good! Then we ended with deserts - a Creme Brûlée  and a chocolate and ice cream dish. All of this for just $60 a person. So the other cool thing is that they change their menu daily- so a complete different menu tomorrow. How amazing is that?! I most definitely reccomend but let th chef surprise you! It's so worth it. I even tried some things I never would have ordered that ended up being my favorites of the night."}, {"review_id": "JzRrmNnxVMFQnADvlLjfxg", "user_id": "mZDrYEiua2Zr3KvtAXtI3Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/24/2017", "text": "My fiancé brought me here for my birthday dinner, and it was a great choice! Everything is served family style and meant to be shared which seems to be the new thing downtown. To start we ordered fried brussel sprouts. WOW! My fiancé doesn't normally eat brussel sprouts and he loved these! That's how amazing these are. If they are on the menu when you go, order them! For dinner we shared the duck and pumpkin ravioli. So amazing and flavorful! What an amazing special meal and I can't wait to come back!"}, {"review_id": "8gKEr8aCXr4kDB-RqxIuvQ", "user_id": "aEsJe_Tj5G18w2qetIUDOA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/17/2017", "text": "We came here with 2 friends after another Spartan victory.  Immediately discovered they do not open until 5:30 PM no matter what YELP says.  And they told me this because they felt bad I was standing out in the cold. But not bad enough to let me wait inside .....35 very cold minutes later, 5:30 arrived. In we went, and were seated promptly. Great selection of wines, and also bottles of whiskey, bourbon and scotch.  Some opted for Moscow Mules, which they said were great.  I went with Glenmorangie, served over a large cube--really good.So the food is done shared small plate style, which is not my favorite.  I guess I just grew up learning a more formal service style. But, the charcuterie was good, the carrots and the brussels sprouts were great, and we loved the rabbit fricassee and the trout.  Couldn't get enough of those.  The price was fair and the service casually efficient.  This is not quite a \"special occasion\" place, but also not an average weekday place.  Am I looking for a chance to go back? Yes!  You should definitely go."}, {"review_id": "jkZTf13aWFLYvSxW2C4PpA", "user_id": "3XKexWUm0xOGEQrZc0-pNA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/30/2018", "text": "To start off with, the outside facade of this place resembles a castle! I will say, I am a bit of a picky reader and made sure to read my fellow yelpers reviews prior. I was a bit worried that there may be items I did not like on the menu, however the waiter we had put my mind at ease after I read the cocktail menu, pointed out the lack of vodka cocktails, and va va voom, he made me a neat cocktail called 'all day rose' and shine! Or I'd like to call it that, it tasted like (spiked) berry punch on warm hot summer day with a hint of prosecco. Besides my drink, I was definitely wowed by the interior. Ample space, the bar is roundabout circular style, and there were some hints of tufted blue velvet. I definitely felt regal, inspired, and fancy sitting there drinking my cocktail. Now, as for the food, the prices are not cheap but the presentation and quality are definitely impressive. I appreciate a rotating menu, as they do change it up a good amount. I had the fish and although you cannot go wrong with salmon, it was definitely crusted a good amount with panko or bread crumbs on the top I believe (beware if you are gluten-conscious or trying to avoid it at times!), however the actual fish and basmati rice under it were delicious. I don't think they will have to clean my plate since I did that for them. All in all, I would definitely come back, perhaps for a happy hour first since it can get a bit $$$, but it now deserves a spot on my roster of favorite places in the D to revisit."}, {"review_id": "Cx6ypb5Wn_9tT8VuSF3gww", "user_id": "paCKk5EKFEbF7eepxdMJ-g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "6/11/2017", "text": "So this place irks me in some respects but I simultaneously love it. It is ridiculously pricey. It's weird to drive in Detroit then go to a restaurant where a single plate of food that can fit into the palm of my hand start at $15. However, the food is ridiculously delicious. I bought beet gnocchi and it blew my mind. It was really really good. It was incredibly flavorful. It was not filling though. Another downfall though is it isn't incredibly vegetarian friendly. I had very few options. The service was great. The server was very attractive and personable."}, {"review_id": "MjMUlobSgH-I6kLbZRsYaw", "user_id": "EjTJdcAPSczdLyjeIDgSCQ", "rating": 2.0, "date": "2/3/2018", "text": "Food is awesome. We loved everything. Sausage and rack of lamb and beets are all amazing. Our service was horrible. Never could find our waitress, waited forever for everything. Messed up our order and couldn't get a drink. Waited up to 30 minutes between courses at a tapa place. Made the reservation noting it was our 10th anniversary, and they never even mentioned it."}, {"review_id": "eKSNYhjjg_y_VVftb22jWQ", "user_id": "_xPYmAYYllLnZ3GyJRiL1Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/22/2018", "text": "Very nice dinner. Parking was a little tricky but the building is beautiful. We tried the tasting menu and some cocktails. We loved the cocktails! The tasting menu is five courses off the menu (including dessert). All of the food was very good. Their vegetable dishes were tasty but nothing out of this world. Their meat dishes however stood out. Their homemade sausage comes with an herb jam that was surprisingly delicious. Their lamb chops were cooked really well and had a lot of flavor. I would not do the tasting menu again but I'm glad we tried it once so we could sample a few things. Overall a very beautiful place and delicious food."}, {"review_id": "Hh-U9i8npDIzS9fNPgMCMQ", "user_id": "H2eVNrc4a0_5VI3PW7gHlg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/25/2017", "text": "Farm-to-table and nose-to-tail is my jam. Republic does both! Many of their dishes feature Michigan ingredients, and there are always Michigan beer options available. The first time I came, it was during restaurant week and my wife and I each did the prix fixe menu so that we could try a wide selection of options (I think a total of 8?). My favorite was the cauliflower, which was dressed with an amazing herb sauce - I don't even usually like cauliflower, but the dish gave me a new appreciation for the vegetable. The affogato was also a lovely end to the meal. The only dish I wasn't into was the duck mousse, but my wife enjoyed it, so that's probably a matter of taste. We were with a large group, and the staff took it in stride. They also explained the dish or gave recommendations for the best way to eat it if it was unusual. Since I'm not always fancy, I appreciated the instructions and felt less intimidated.The second time we came, it was date night for my wife and me, and we had the carrots (a choice informed by how much we adored the cauliflower) - we weren't disappointed. The dill sauce was exquisite and the carrots had a richness I wouldn't normally expect out of a root vegetable. We also ordered the lamb, which was perfect for the season and tender beyond our wildest dreams, and the rabbit pasta. In all cases, I wished they had sent out spoons so that I could eat every drop of the sauce (I eventually asked for one, and the waiter humored me). On top of an excellent menu, the ambiance is snuggly and intimate - perfect for a date night. Lamps suspended in chicken wire, mismatched silverware, and vintage tile tone down the atmosphere so that it's elegant without being stuffy. Overall, Republic is a beautiful addition to the Detroit restaurant scene."}, {"review_id": "I9yFP5F8dyRE236VhSbKHg", "user_id": "vHHjaq9pSuwq8uCrQ85qlw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "6/25/2017", "text": "I love that they responsibly source their ingredients and embrace a farm-to-table menu. Since it is farm-to-table, I'm sure their menu changes quite often. Two things make it a 4 star, rather than 5 star experience, for me. One was that we ordered the Baked Focaccia and the bread was too dry. The focaccia was topped with arugula pesto, cheese, and bacon jam, but it wasn't enough to balance out how dry the bread was. Not sure why it was $18 either. The second reason the experience was 5 stars was the creme brûlée ($10) we got was tiny! I know I shouldn't eat too many sweets, but when I order dessert at a nice place, I'd like a decent portion size! Otherwise, I loved the other dishes we got and the drinks. Everyone there was so nice and offered great service. Several servers came by and kept our water glasses filled and I like how people working there seemed to like working there. For our main dishes, we got the Beef Heart Bolognese ($24) and the Charred Duck Breast ($32). The pasta dish was good and a fairly large portion size. The duck was cooked medium rare and on point. It was served with a nettle pesto, feta cream, radishes, and golden beets, which complemented the duck perfectly. We were there having a celebratory dinner, so we ordered a number of drinks. From the drink menu, we tried Rhu The Day (loved it), which had strawberry, rhubarb, and basil flavors, Mr. Wonderful (also very good) which had falernum and honeydew juice, Ms. Phinney (strong but tasty and quite aromatic) with cardamom, fennel, and whiskey, and the Charla Jean (strong and spicy but a yummy drink) which had tequila, chili, and mango flavors. The Charla Jean definitely had some heat! All their drinks were amazing and creative concoctions. You can tell they use fresh ingredients and that the drinks are carefully crafted.I would add that Republic is definitely a vegetarian/vegan friendly place. All the specials that day were veggie heavy. They also offered several gluten free options.Overall, the good outweighed the bad, and we had a lovely experience there. The ambiance is fantastic. I definitely would like to go back and try some of their other dishes!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/republic-detroit-2?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]