[[{"review_id": "v1S26rWMBwjouCOfJNV9ug", "user_id": "iKgHft-nhfUu5VWqGe7r9w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "Amazing farm to table concept in midtown.Went with a group and everyone was pleased with our meal.  We shared several small plates and each got our own entree.  The cocktail menu was small but all great options.Apps - From most loved:* twice cooked egg - the hype is real, this was AMAZING, hands down our favorite and i'm not usually a salad girl* halibut dumplings - great kick to the broth.  be warned that there's 2 pieces of dumplings in it, so we had to order another one to share* wagyu tartare - preferred this alone rather than with the chip, which was overpowering* octopus - i usually love octopus, but i did not care for certain elements in this dishDesserts - you MUST try the pudding (great cinnamon flavor) and the peanut ganacheCocktails were amazing and service was exceptional."}, {"review_id": "_4fYZadg0Hp7ipSKs3csPQ", "user_id": "HXO-v7MGKRVHMMQgxSjGIQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "Have been wanting to go for a really long time. Finally got reservations. Worth the wait. We got there about 15 mind early so they showed us an area inside to sit to wait. We were given a drink menu and told someone would be over to take our drink order. That's honestly the only negative, no one ever came over. About 20 mins later we were sat.They asked repeated times ahead of time if it was for any special event. It was my husbands birthday. Our menu said happy birthday mike. Awesome how much they pay attention to detail.Food wise we did the 3 course. I got the beef tartare which was the best I've ever had. The chowder was absolutely delicious. I finished with the red snapper. Everything was perfect. My husband got a scallop dish, an egg dish and teres major. Honestly it was all amazing.Drinks were on point. Service was great. Check it out for sure."}, {"review_id": "o7FRfMKQSdF3WXb93QcS9g", "user_id": "3KbCEtM6K8nqjKlbDAUt3A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/30/2018", "text": "Who wouldn't like a restaurant named Chartreuse? My boyfriend took me here for my birthday dinner and we were not disappointed! Our server was very nice and knowledgeable about the menu and certain plates that he recommended. The atmosphere was fun and trendy. I would definitely recommend this place if you're looking for a new place to try with great food and service! Also they take reservations which is always a plus in my book!"}, {"review_id": "f4NPkJlUKC1neMQJ87FtIQ", "user_id": "X6WEhV6Fqr3HR3xuH1z4gQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "What a unique ambiance! From the time we were ushered in the exposure to all things green made a relaxing, decadent dining experience. Beautiful bar area and lounge to relax with a cocktail...sinking into comfortable, oversized green leather booths. The craft cocktails were delicious and fun. Our dinner consisted of a constant flow of small seasonal dishes to share: grilled octopus, chicken paprikash, scallops-presentation and accompanying flavors were extraordinary. Ever changing menu translates to a new experience every time. Location is  also great. We'll be back when visiting the Art Museum next. Service was the cherry on top. When my husband made the reservation they asked if we were celebrating a special day or if we hand an event to be on time for that evening. They were attentive to ensure we made it to our show on time."}, {"review_id": "wQeqUHUlB_Z1kQI_NAuk8A", "user_id": "tE3sQeLYvhf4DQuh8GizJA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "This place is very aesthetically pleasing and fitting for the name. The food was delicious! I'm only giving 4 stars because service was a bit slow (especially considering we told the waiter we needed to get to a show), and the prices were pretty high. Maybe that is typical in Detroit these days but I was surprised by the menu and cocktail prices."}, {"review_id": "y6aXb9n3HclT-ZA74p80hw", "user_id": "5UOyipFeRA2B39R8cOhf3A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/11/2018", "text": "This was the kind of meal I think about even a couple weeks later.I opened with the Tuna Poke. It was a well-crafted ball of deliciousness... cold and hearty. The tuna was tender and the vegetable-and-fruit that bound it together was delicious. The potato chips with it provided a much-needed crunch and additional burst of savory. I loved it.My main dish was braised short ribs. I am under the impression that they change the menu often, but I would order the same again on a repeat visit. The flavor on the ribs was excellent, the meat was tender but with a crispy char on the outside that was just perfect. It's hard to be excited about grits, but the bed these short ribs rested on was as much a star as the main dish itself!The wait staff was excellent despite being extremely swamped. Our waiter was conversant about the menu, friendly, and attentive. We tried the Chartreuse (liqueur that is the restaurant's namesake) and honestly neither of us liked it. But we couldn't spend such a lovely evening at this restaurant and not give it a shot :)Try Chartreuse if you're up for a unique experience. The neighborhood is also fantastic. Note that you'll probably want to get the Detroit parking app as you'll need to pay for parking anywhere nearby."}, {"review_id": "V2bsV4aekzvupWsoymvQIg", "user_id": "UwZ9tsDIEF5egW0FwMh74Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/19/2017", "text": "I went here with my good friend because I was celebrating a special occasion with a good friend. I called ahead and told them I was celebrating a special occasion. They informed me that they could print up the title of the occasion on the menu, which I really thought was a cool touch. We had reservations at 5pm and got there a few minutes early so we waited outside. When the clock struck 5pm the doors opened and we were asked to sit in the waiting area for a few minutes. They gave us some menus to look over and seated us about 5 minutes later. Everything on the menu looked like it would be good. I told my friend that we MUST try the twice cooked egg salad. My friend was game and so we both ordered that. For entrees I ordered the wagyu tartare and my friend ordered the poke The twice cooked egg salad- We both thought this was very good, in fact better than expected. The egg is boiled with a slightly runny inside it's supposed to be but ours weren't runny at all, neither of us minded though the kale, arugula, and brussel sprouts were perfectly prepared and the sauce with a sweet and sour taste. We joked it's like eating healthy Chinese food because of the taste. You'd expect kale to be bitter but not the way it was prepared. The wagyu beef tartare was amazing. I had never had it before and I'd come back here for it. It was with green onion and avocado. It came with chips that were salty and seasoned very well to compliment the beef. My friend liked his poke as well. It was a cool experience and I would go back for the food and the atmosphere"}, {"review_id": "6I5YG9xmnj5jmuXHXqRerw", "user_id": "3ukpKYnTyaOMcAd1jRmaPA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/21/2018", "text": "TLDR: Food was OK. Service was wonderful. Too loud towards the front, but much quieter towards the back. Park Shelton validates parking.I dined here tonight as part of their Restaurant week. The hostess, server, and kitchen were wonderful with their timing and service. I received mixed reviews from a couple of my friends so I didn't go in here with high expectations. THE GOOD: as I said, service was great. We both ordered the carrot dish and I got mine first. I wasn't a fan of it and my boyfriend tasted it and wasn't a fan of it either. I brought it up to my server and asked if she could cancel his carrot dish and she was really accommodating and nice about it so she let the kitchen know, and we ordered something else (the ceaser vegetable salad). Another highlight was the Branzino. Perfectly seared, crispy skin, yum. Equally delicious, if not, better, was the twice cooked egg! Order it! Other than that, our waters were constantly filled and all the servers seemed genuinely happy which made our whole experience pleasant. THE NOT SO GOOD: the farm carrots dish wasn't great. The carrots were earthy, then savory with the chorizo, tart with the pickled fennel, and but then this is where i think they missed it: the lemon feta dressing. Or maybe they were just missing another component--something sweet. I definitely think this is a dish that can be tweaked and improved, so hopefully someone catches wind about this, haha, because it can really be a great dish!! The smoked fish chowder was actually great in flavor but it came out warm. Not hot at all. I would've finished it but when I got towards the end of jt, it was cold, so unfortunately I didn't enjoy it all the way through. Either their heat wasn't high enough, or my dish was just sitting there and didn't get run to the table quickly. Now, the duck confit. Just to preface, I can't count how many times I had duck confit in France--it's one of my favorite dishes, so I know a thing or two ;) Definitely not Daniel Boulud good, but pretty good for Detroit. Honestly, it was a good attempt. I didn't have an issue with the duck itself. What I had an issue with was the candied orange or orange zest in the sauce. I think I understand what they were trying to do with this-- cut through/compliment the richness of the duck confit with something bright and lively. The orange was overpowering. Maybe dial back or reinvent this dish another way or just make it a simple duck confit dish without all the bells and whistles. My point is: sometimes a duck confit dish should just be a duck confit dish. Like when Fergie sang the national anthem, just leave it alone as it is, and it can be great! LolIn any case, I'm glad I visited. Although I wasn't blown away by every dish, I'll come back again because of the wonderful service. Keep up the great work. Cheers and Bon appetit!"}, {"review_id": "SzR78sKseRc17f5mrlUHZg", "user_id": "M1wp6YvLJ1nSbitvPNN1Kg", "rating": 2.0, "date": "1/20/2018", "text": "The food was okay. It was small portions for a higher price. They tried to make simple things fancy that don't need to be. If you want to go out to eat and leave still feeling hungry then go here. I had started Salad and fish as my main course."}, {"review_id": "tyAgBCnYDZKGGmb-zhuJgg", "user_id": "Ui8XmHK7m0xaPw4Oc1RVYg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/28/2017", "text": "I honestly don't know what I loved more from this phenomenal restaurant; the completely attentive, compassionate, amazing staff or the delectable food! I never felt so special at a restaurant, until I came here to celebrate a special occasion. They even put \"Happy Anniversary,\" on our menus! The staff goes above and beyond to make that a special moment, all while serving these delicious meals that are mind blowing. Anything you choose off the menu is completely worth it. A classic that I've read in recent reviews, was the twiced cooked egg. It did not disappoint, what so ever! So if you're there, get it. You will not be sorry. Their drinks are just as phenomenal as the food! Definitely try some chartreuse as an after meal delight as well! If you want an amazing dining experience for ANY occasion, I highly, highly recommend this place!"}, {"review_id": "3m4uJUL1HfXaDECGYPicIg", "user_id": "fYwHmvcoI6pdvQcY1zybnA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/29/2017", "text": "I took my guy here for his birthday and it was an a really wonderful experience! We were seated right away (had made a reservation thru Yelp) and our server, Chris was very friendly, attentive and helpful. The decor is beautiful and interesting and even though the restaurant is relatively large it felt cozy and romantic. We ordered the bread and butter to start - the butter was so flavorful! We also got the carrots - which were cooked wonderfully, but neither of us loved the taste of tarragon - just a personal preference. The roasted grapes were so interesting! We also ordered the burrata dish - soooooo soooooo delicious! The pasta dish was not loved by either of us, but again it was cooked perfectly just not a taste we ended up loving. We also ordered the mussels which had the most interesting broth- unfortunately our mussels were a bit sandy. Chris took them off our bill which was much appreciated. We ordered the chocolate cake for dessert which was exactly what you'd want from a chocolate  dessert - plus a birthday candle which was such a nice touch! They also gave us an order of the pudding bc it was my guy's birthday I guess? The pudding was such a nice surprise - so interesting and delicious! Overall I loved our experience. You can feel the love and thoughtfulness that's put into the food and the service was perfect!! Can't wait to go back!"}, {"review_id": "e5Jfd3QNTKlizGkZ3gN3qA", "user_id": "yeadMcIlHzX-Z919a5bFxQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/1/2017", "text": "I've been wanting to come here for a long time. I've really been digging the tapas style restaurants. I wasn't disappointed when we stopped in on Friday! When we sat down I was immediately relaxed. Maybe it was the cool, chartreuse colored walls or the simple but interesting decor? Our server was polite, and very knowledgeable about the food and drinks. I started off with (and finished with another) a citrus flavored drink called the Good Fortune. It came with a little fortune on it. So cute! It was refreshing and delicious. I thought about getting something different but, why fix something that ain't broke? As I said, the server was vey knowledgeable about their menu and had some recommendations. With convincing from the couple next to us, we decided to start off with the octopus, which neither of us have ever had in our lives, and the deep fried poached egg with salad and brussel sprouts. The puss, was excellent. It seriously reminded me of grilled chicken and was served with some tasty chorizo. Some people asked if it was chewy but, no. It had a nice consistency. The fried, poached egg salad was DELICIOUS. A little sweet and nutty. For main dishes, my husband got the cap steak MR, and it was perfect. I got some sort of roast beef dish that came with lamb meatballs and dumplings. It doesn't get any more comforting than that dish! Perfect for fall. The beef was tender, in some delicious gravy. It was like going to grandma's kitchen but much better lol."}, {"review_id": "2ILjhACslrDwvNAL3R8TsQ", "user_id": "qQiHBCZucDczpU3LQ4kL3Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/10/2018", "text": "Thanks to Yelp's \"Best of\" list Chartreuse hit my radar just when I was in need of a restaurant for a special occasion. I wanted to take my wife out to celebrate her recent big win at work. I booked a reservation via the yelp app and received a confirmation e-mail shortly after followed by a call from Chartreuse. When I told him about our celebration he said they would print off a special menu for us and asked about food allergies. Fast forward to our reservation, upon our arrival we were greeted by two hostesses that were extremely helpful and friendly. I'm not sure if it was because of the special occasion or luck of the draw but we ended up with the best seat in the house, in the back by the window. As promised, our menus had a special message printed on them congratulating my wife that she absolutely loved. We each started off with a couple of their craft cocktails which was a hard choice with their extensive wine list but we weren't disappointed. I went with the last word and the wife went with their play on a manhattan, I forget the name, both were tasty and particularly boozy. To really get the full experience we went with the prix fixe menu option which allows you to choose 3 different plates off the menu per person. The only stipulation is the entire table must participate. For appetizers we started with the asparagus and Recovery park and added on an order of the bread and butter. I could have eaten an entire loaf of that bread and butter combo. Everything, especially the recovery park plate, was absolutely amazing. Next we decided to forgo a plate for dessert later and split the twice cooked egg due to the rave reviews I read beforehand. It was somehow even better than the first course. By the time our third course of wagyu and short rib arrived we were both too stuffed to make it through either plate. Once the dessert round came Megan, our server, could tell we were tapped out and offered to pack up a dessert of our choice to go. The only problem was we couldn't decide between the chocolate and booze or the peanut ganache. When we asked Megan for her opinion she offered us one dessert while we were there and packed us up the second on the house since it was a special occasion. That is just an example of the exceptional service we received there. Everyone from the hostess to the food runners were great. You can spend hours reading their great reviews but my advice would be to give it a shot yourself because words really can't do this place justice."}, {"review_id": "zn_Ez0RjI1Eqs_vKTu7fdA", "user_id": "KaPOYbJ6Vuvbm85tFFuRgg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/9/2018", "text": "My second time here. First time for lunch with 3 friends and today with my mom. You can make reservations which is wonderful! Make them days in advance because this place is always very busy, day and night. We love to split the twice cooked egg salad and the delicious fish sandwich ( pictured below). Everything delish. The only recommends are to not cook the potato chips so long and please, serve diet Soft drinks! This is a new trend... no traditional pop. Apparently they have some house made soda. Anyway, just kinda weird if you enjoy diet pop and they don't have it! The menu is super easy and perfectly collected so it's not hard to order."}, {"review_id": "WrIsb5r-Y2ecrov3kmYBYQ", "user_id": "2CsWFEGzXF7eaf5mpgcyyw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/21/2017", "text": "I have wanted to try Chartreuse for a long time, and I finally made a reservation for this past weekend for a friend's birthday.  I checked out Yelp and made a reservation right here so easily.  I then checked out reviews, and I got super nervous seeing Richard's review.  The way he described Chartreuse reminds me of an experience I had at Otus Supply, and I really didn't want to have another similar experience.  Thankfully, Chartreuse came through and did not disappoint at all.We quickly were seated and received menus that had a happy birthday note for my friend and had all dishes crossed out that were not vegetarian since I let Chartreuse know that we are.  It was such a nice touch that they went above and beyond to create custom menus both for our occasion and dietary requests.  We ordered some drinks, and with them our server bought us each a free tasting of chartreuse and gave us a lesson on how it's made.  It was delicious!For food we had the twice cooked egg, mushrooms, burrata, beets, pappardelle, and the two meat eaters had the lamb.  The portions are smaller, but the flavors of everything were strong and delicious.  My favorite was the burrata as the sauce in the bottom was really added to the cheese and was easily soaked up with some bread.  The two that ate the lamb said that the lamb itself wasn't their favorite but that the meatballs that were included were great.  When the meal was over, we were all stuffed and still had some small bits of leftover food that one of the girls took home.  In all with tip, we spent a little less than $45 a person, which I thought was a good price considering we enjoyed all of the dishes and were all full by the end.  With our bill, our waiter brought us one more free taste of chartreuse.  This one wasn't everyone's favorite, but I liked it!I honestly only have one complaint, and it's that the drinks are expensive.  The cheapest glass of red wine was $14, my friend's M43 beer was $8 and it came in a can, and some of the cocktails are in the $10-$12 range.  I only had one glass of wine because I didn't want to spend $30 just for two glasses of wine.  We ended up going somewhere else for another drink when we would have gladly stayed there for a second if the drinks weren't so overpriced.However, all of the food and the service made up for the more expensive drinks.  Our server went out of his way to make the experience more enjoyable and really took the time to explain the menu to us and give us the Chartreuse lesson.  It was great and is definitely worth checking out!"}, {"review_id": "vpjXAV-xDiS6f-Kk86KPnQ", "user_id": "jt49xjEjQisu6wTTGn6B3A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/10/2017", "text": "Chartreuse is one of my favorite eateries in Detroit right now and I can't see that changing anytime soon.Like many restaurants on the scene these days, they offer small, seasonal plates made with ingredients sourced from local providers. But these plates are packed with flavor and put together with creative and delicious elements. I have eaten here on several occasions and I have never had a bad dish. It's always fantastic. The menu does change seasonally but there are a couple that do stick around, including my favorite, the twice cooked egg. Greens, farm egg, brussels sprouts, salty cheese tossed with a sherry vinaigrette. So simple but so delicious. Cocktails here are also worth noting. The owners of Chartreuse also own The Oakland in Ferndale so their inventive, craft cocktail menu is no surprise. And just like the Oakland, every beverage I've had here has been interesting and worth sampling. Service has also always been impeccable and the space itself is so rad. Their close proximity to the DIA and other museums in the area make this a must stop if you're out doing some cultural hopping. But it's also 100% worth going out of your way to visit as well. It's fantastic across the board!"}, {"review_id": "XfDcvLMFDneImMXtKGsitg", "user_id": "vaA6t2Mu4zPhlNx0ofpBeA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/28/2018", "text": "OH EM FOOD HEAVEN. Everything I ate here was perfectly prepared, plated and absolutely delicious! We started with the bread and butter which was great and then had the tuna poke and the wagyu beef tartare - divine! BUT the twice cooked egg with the brussell sprouts were out of this world amazeballs (yes amazeballs that's how good!)Our entree orders were the Branzino (amazing!) and the beef short rib which was melt in your mouth tender!  We finished with dessert and split the Madagascar vanilla pudding and all I can say is next time I will get my own (worth indulging)!I cannot say enough about how great our meal was, how friendly the staff was and how I can't wait to go back!!"}, {"review_id": "wuTV_47jVsonxOEYts1zSg", "user_id": "8O32Viuhu3QAO1wNAaeaow", "rating": 4.0, "date": "6/2/2017", "text": "Just an amazing experience here. The freshness and flavor of the foods really come through in every bite. The menu is relatively short and changes day to day so as you can imagine we tried basically all of it. And every bite was amazing that you look forward to the next bite of the next dish... And then you realize you forgot to take pictures at the end of your meal. But don't fret, then comes desserts! And even that just blows your mind. Will definitely be coming back soon to try new items on the menu!!"}, {"review_id": "T6e3aot-YiTkYRTu3r112w", "user_id": "8EXi9cCuAIlliiyu2WjAvA", "rating": 1.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "Sometimes I go to happy hour here with a work friend, purely because she suggests it. The place is pretty dirty (seriously freaked out about sitting on any of the sofas) and overpriced. I wish something else was in this corner."}, {"review_id": "KzsnO8cp4qxr_eL9YR_Q6g", "user_id": "9EI94e2iuU7-zWxr05eJGQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "10/7/2017", "text": "Not bad! I've bee wanting to try this place for a while, and I'm glad I did! The food my date and I got was hit or miss, half awesome, half not great at all, but I could see coming back and ordering better.We got the octopus, the egg thing everyone says you have to get, trumpet mushrooms with bacon, and broccoli with salted duck. The octopus was the best. Incredibly tender, and tasty, with just the right amount of char. I would have eaten several plates of it for dinner and been completely satisfied. I enjoyed the egg - it was perfectly cooked, oozed out nicely, and had fried outside that gave it the perfect texture. My complaint about the dish would be that the rest of it (the non-egg part) was really saucy, which I don't mind, but the sweetness of that sauce was a bit overpowering.The trumpet mushrooms were okay. I like how they were a bit greazy from the bacon, but some of the bits were a little tough. The food I definitely didn't like was the broc. It was a whole head of broccoli! It had a duck bits in the gravy and I had to saw through it. Even then there wasn't enough gravy to support the entire head of broc. This was left half uneaten.We also got cocktails, of which they have a very short list. Even though I've gotten used to long lists of weird cocktails, I did appreciate the simplicity of the list and both our drinks were really good.Service was good. We sat at the bar and it was fun to watch the food stuff happen in the kitchen and a bit in front of us too. My only complaint about the service is that they do that thing where they ask you if you've been there before. We of course said yes because spiels about the restaurant and menu are unbearable to me when I just want to look at the freaking menu. Got the spiel anyway. I must not have been very convincing. Oh also purse hooks would be nice.Anyway, I'd look forward to trying more stuff here even though the meal this time was half really good and half not good. There was definitely some other things on the menu that looked really good!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/chartreuse-detroit?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]