[[{"review_id": "JSjSBEiA9ANGZ1nzGOuuMA", "user_id": "LnEfEDyQ2Es9sT3WggSOSw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/6/2018", "text": "This is a fun place.  It has several points that make it attractive as a place to check out - the beer and cocktail menu, the interesting menu options, and the overall vibe.  I understand why they don't take reservations, they don't need to.The menu is interesting with a number of wonderful sounding sandwiches - but make sure you ORDER the fries - they are really good - I think they double fry them.  Of the four sandwiches, no one went home hungry and everyone was happy.  The Pastrami was thickly piled and messy, the Southern Fired chicken was a rave, as was the avocado toast. I went the pull pork, and although there was a dill pickle spear, spicy bread and butter pickles would have been better - but no complaints.We will be back."}, {"review_id": "sgbFCL6EbmFHYruglRP3ow", "user_id": "lX5s-C2cO7sd1ljZispoLA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "The atmosphere here is great. Everything from the decor to the loud and rollicking patrons to the very friendly servers makes this a great place to share a meal - if you can get in. They don't take reservations and it is packed all the time. We have been here several times and have found that the best strategy is to get there at least one hour before you want to eat (earlier than that on the weekend), put your name in with the host and then go kiddy-corner across the street to Kale's Korner Bar for some very well poured and cheap drinks. They'll send you a text when your table becomes available.The food is really good. My wife absolutely loves the white chicken chili and the roasted beet and arugula salad. I usually go for the mackerel or the bone marrow for an appetizer sometimes the crispy brussel sprouts. For mains she normally gets one of their salads, which she has always liked, and I usually get one their meat options. I really like their food although I sort of agree with some of the reviews that call it overrated or over-hyped. Yes, it's good, but there are better steaks to be had out there. Having said that, I will admit that I am a little hard to please when it comes to steak. At home I sous vide all my steak and when I say I want it rare (or bleu) then that's what I mean. A lot of restaurants have a difficult time with this. Maybe some of the cooks have a hard time believing anyone would eat a seared piece of meat that's essentially raw in the center, I don't know. But this is a minor point, we still go back in spite of this because overall it's a good restaurant. We have not tried their sandwiches but I've been told from reliable sources that they are very good. As for their beverage selection, if you like bourbon then you are going to love this place. They have a very extensive selection and really good cocktails.We would recommend this restaurant."}, {"review_id": "AAFlHjyOPRtoI__cqww2wQ", "user_id": "Nts66VewUuOTyL9YBL7wUQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/25/2018", "text": "This hip joint was oh-so-close to getting 5 stars (there really should be a 4.5 individual Yelp option), but my meal fell just a tad short at the end.I was drawn to the Butcher's Union by the strong (4.5) aggregate Yelp review, and was in the mood for a good cut of red meat, so BU was promising from the outset.  The outside of the restaurant is pretty classy, so going into the restaurant I was confident that the food would be great.  And that prediction was not wrong, mostly.There were no pre-meal frills or extras offered (no warm complimentary bread, etc.), but I was okay with that on this night as the main course was what I came for.  In particular, I ordered the Charred Flank Steak (\"red wine reduction, crispy onion flakes, highly jacked potato gratin, and garlic green beans\").  My steak was expertly prepared to match my medium rare request, and the symphony of flavors packed in the steak, potatoes and greens were in absolutely perfect harmony.  Up to that point, the meal was a solidly well-struck long drive to the outfield, especially given the hellaciously reasonable $18.5 price tag on this plate.  So, when asked by my super-friendly server, I decided \"why not\" try to round third and head for home with a delicious dessert--and I ordered the Bourbon Apple Crisp (bourbon braised apples, almond streusel, vanilla ice cream, and toffee caramel) hoping to complete the inside-the-park culinary home run.And then it happened.  The entire meal unexpectedly stumbled on the bag at third, tripped, fell, and barely crawled back to third to save the out.  What happened, you ask?  Well, you know the \"frosted tips\" hair trend that so many guys were sporting recently (oh, and if you still are, it's time to let your natural hair color dominate your dome again)?  Anyway, the almond streusel covering my bourbon braised apples looked as though its tips had been frosted with black shoe polish--in my book, burnt does not = \"caramelized\" when it comes to almond streusel.  My steak was advertised as charred, but it turns out that moniker should have been tied to the streusel.Although, with each bite of dessert, my taste buds could clearly make out the original delicious intention behind this calorie packed closer, each bite also contained an ample dose of char flavor that completely detracted from the experience.  Hence, what should have been a meal-winning HR and a 5-Star Yelp review must necessarily fall just short on this visit.I'd love to give the Butcher Union another at bat the next time I am in town, but maybe next time I'll try the chocolate cake."}, {"review_id": "TmugNa3HmFkOJr08cDGDrg", "user_id": "I1jhZuZ-I5ojXH1z_luQgg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "Time for a birthday celebration!!We knew they are busy on weekends so arrived on a Monday evening and were immediately seated in an open-air patio at the back of the dining room.  A delightful space. They offered an excellent drink menu, all surprisingly well priced.  On to the dinner menu.  Very clever unique offerings made the choice difficult.  Not just the entrees; the sides were fascinating.  Birthday girl chose the salted beet arugula salad with honey-horseradish dressing; do you agree on unique?  Son and I split the elote-cheese dip with blue corn chips; a great combo.  BDG ordered a draft cider while I went with Dale's Pale Ale from Oskar Blue in Lyons, CO. I have stories about Oskar's but that has to wait.  Time for an entree decision -- our celebrant went with the salmon with capers, broccolini and baby shrimp.  The old man chose the strip steak; this one came from TR Natural; sides of roasted fingerling potatoes, garlic butter and wine reduction.  Our waiter kindly offered my bride a complimentary chocolate pot de creme dessert.  The entire meal was excellent.  Service was well paced.  We had a great time and have already recommended Butchers Union to friends."}, {"review_id": "whztZtTT76M4kKTWKApmBA", "user_id": "k3oL9_Z_sFioEYx9_Wblag", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/24/2018", "text": "They don't take reservations and there's always a long wait time when I've gone, but last night, the hostess informed us of their outdoor patio that is 1st come 1st serve. We opted with that and they had heaters on (which made it way too warm) but it was a nice and spacious area. I thought their menu was alright, they have a good selection of appetizers/shareables. Limited sandwich options though and alright entrees."}, {"review_id": "GkZQM-xVStbvFeBwKn0FWw", "user_id": "67HwuY1mtttvvnqn9tHU0Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/3/2018", "text": "This was by far the best meal that I had while in town for the week. Not only was the food excellent so was the service that we received from our waitress. The only thing that was disappointing was that they do not accept reservations. But worse that that was the snooty attitude that the hostess displayed. While waiting for our table, I saw her attitude turn off several people, that after speaking with her, did not stay and wait for a table."}, {"review_id": "hK1O59Nc066pKrbA1OT13g", "user_id": "ncAOj5Xz-XS6bpSnTWp3tQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "12/26/2017", "text": "Butcher's Union is what Grand Rapids is aspiring to be. It's in a still up and coming, but upping on trendy part of town (Southbridge). It's on a little street that looks like the main street of a small industrial town, which is actually really pretty and interesting.That vibe translates into the inside. As you walk in, you'll notice this restaurant/bar is trying to give off the vibe that it doesn't care yet has thought of every single detail. Some walls are made from what looks like New York City subway tile and the other looks like cracked, yet rustic red brick from the industrial age. There's a bar. There's booth seating. There's an outdoor patio (for the 3 days of summer in Michigan). There are single tables. There's really something for everyone. What they do well is their beer and alcohol list. Grand Rapids is becoming known as a beer city and they pay tribute to many of the local breweries even pulling in some nods to other Midwest states. Don't like beer? They have three ciders and two or three fruity drinks or sour ales. They even have a cocktail list.What's not to love? Well, they definitely gave thought into the space and if you're from the area, it's perfect. For the out of towners, you'll notice a few things: 1) The space is beautiful, but you'll also notice it's a bit too dark and there are bright TVs in off putting spaces (kind of kills the hipster vibe), 2) The food was just meh. First of all, they have three salads and the rest of the menu options is literally a heart attack on a plate. They have pork belly, burgers, all the meats that are just heavy. My wife's burger was just okay and my borst was not the best (it was too heavy on the beef v. beets, a Russian no-no), and 3) The service was really, really slow. Nice, but it took a long time to get our order to drinks to the meal to the check.I'm really glad they are here and I think will do well, but if you're looking for quality food, Grand Rapids has other places that deliver."}, {"review_id": "bEdTGyn50Hw0S0Ww8GOdhQ", "user_id": "b5MFXt_-9K-XPTn3QnNBcg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/1/2018", "text": "Excellent establishment, a will not disappoint experience for anyone seeking a charmed and uplifting atmosphere.  Butcher's Union pursues perfection and deserves its place on anyone's 'must visit' list. The friendly staff was energetically helpful and a pleasure to be around.  Butchers Union's realm is its top shelf locally sourced craft meats and endless lineup of whiskey.  On top of that, they offer a charitable spread of other food and beverage options, catering to any palate passions.  The brilliance behind the menu and the layout of choices stairs back at you as you read each item.  The hardest part is deciding what you don't want.  For the best experience, check your food budget at the door and put on your 'you only live once' hat. If your feeling adventurous and especially if you have a canine best friend waiting at home, try the 'Bone Marrow from Sobie Meats' (11.75).  This dish includes two long cut roasted bones sourced from Sobie Meats in Walker MI.  It arrives perfectly charred and bursting of complex flavors.  Prepared with red onion marmalade, pickled red onions and freshly toasted crostini supplied from Field & Fire, Grand Rapids MI.   This dish is exciting, intense in flavors and healthy for the body.  It pairs perfectly with a pint of Back Butte Porter (5.00), brewed by Deschutes Brewery.My personal bone marrow adventure did not end once the spread was all soaked up by the crunchy bread.  Picking up and gnawing at the marinated charged edges provided the ultimate grand finale to this experience.  I quickly became intoxicated by the orgy of carnivorous flavors.  While scraping at every pocket of flavor, I caught nearby patrons trying hard to not glaring at me.  Their eyes snarled at me and I could a sense the primitive jealously in the air.  Once done, I was satisfied for what felt like could be an eternity.  In the days to follow, my canine friends adored my selection as well.  They too felt it was a wise choice, superbly entertaining and delectable.PS:  They have an very resourceful website listing menus, prices, hours, whiskeys and more.  butchersuniongr.com"}, {"review_id": "3l9rrCnnj1QC3ZtBj0P-pQ", "user_id": "UF8X1QUqg0-tLPaBP3pVlQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/19/2017", "text": "I will start off by saying I really like this place. It has a fun vibe - part early 20th century pub/part new age gastropub. I cannot, however, say that it's not without its issues.The decor/ambiance, service and value are all there except the noise level shot up quite a bit during most of our visit, making it difficult to talk and be heard. The menu is sufficiently varied and they have a reasonably abundant selection of spirits to offer (I was pleased to see they stock Ardbeg 10 yr as well as Ardbeg Corryvreckan among their single malts!) On our recent visit, we came with another couple and were seated without delay. Our waiter was friendly and attentive and took our drink order promptly. I don't drink very often, so when I do, I want to enjoy what I get. I decided to try the Butcher's Manhattan as it sounded interesting. It had Four Roses with Dubonnet Rouge instead of Vermouth, orange bitters and a \"flamed orange peel\". Sadly, the latter part completely ruined the drink, overpowering it with a bitter, burnt taste. I decided to just have a single malt instead. (I noted some of the other cocktails took what seemed too many liberties with the classics, so I would personally stick with the classic variations or go with a simple spirit or craft beer.) Later on, the assistant manager came over to check on us and we found that to be a nice touch.The appetizers were easily the best part of the meal. Since I am a big eater, I decided to get several for the table, intending to make sure I got to sample plenty of everything (it worked.) The Hand Cut Fries were reasonably good, but basically just fries with an egg on top and some tasty dipping sauces. The Mild Mannered Meatballs were better, being a great mixture of beef and pork, served in a flavorful sauce atop a wonderful, creamy polenta. The Caribbean Spiced Meat Pies were my favorite, however (I got two orders) - surprisingly addictive spiced beef and pork in a flaky pastry. The salsa roja and aioli complemented them perfectly. The dinners were less well-received, in general. One of our friends got lambchops and they were unfortunately a bit overdone and the accompanying rapini was not cooked properly (rapini should never be served 'al dente' and it should not be overly bitter. Hers was definitely both tough and overwhelmingly bitter.) My wife's salmon was also slightly overcooked and overall a tad bland, despite what sounded like a great mix of accompaniments. Our other friend got the meatloaf, which he enjoyed but did not place in his 'top 10'. I got the Pomegranate Braised Short Rib and probably enjoyed it the most out of all our dinners, but it was also not spectacular. Adding pomegranate kernels and mint was a bold move, but ultimately did not make for one of the better short rib dishes I've had, although it was still good.Overall, I really like this place and our friends said they did as well. We all agreed we would love to try it again. When we do, I will be up for trying some of the other dinners, but I will definitely be getting those Caribbean Meat Pies again!"}, {"review_id": "wZqvSiJ3bea2tUApYvhcNQ", "user_id": "QkD_jCsbhAr7ygBhLvf1Mg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "Very nice and friendly. Food was great and waitress was helpful. I bit more pricy for my taste but everything was good. Great spot"}, {"review_id": "qCPEJPBm1EU-ZfV78hzwww", "user_id": "adqFPhs4VrlpYVSaP3n-7w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/3/2017", "text": "This was my best restaurant experience of 2017, I wish I could give an extra star for that!  There was quite a wait list at 7 on a Wednesday, but there are lots of places nearby to pass the time (they'll text). We chose O'Tooles (basically next door)and it was perfect.  Once we were seated, we tried the Farmhouse Punch, Kentucky Mule, and something with a sprig of rosemary that they briefly set on fire. They were all delicious! So good! My personal favorite was the punch, I think, but I will probably try them all again. Also, this is the first time I have seen the Rye 'n Gosling on a menu and I'm v amused. We ordered apps right away and they were so delicious we just kept ordering more until we abandoned the idea of actually having dinner at all. We tried every appetizer on the menu instead. No regrets!  Best. Food. Ever. Not the same stuff you can order anywhere, they have some really creative recipes. I'd been procrastinating about visiting Butcher's Union because it doesn't sound vegetarian friendly, but I found plenty to eat! Even if \"meat & whiskey\" are their specialties, I wanted to marry the Hot Elote Corn Dip and Roasted Beet Hummus. They have salads that sound wonderful, a sourdough grilled cheese, shrimp toast, whitefish, and salmon (if you're that kind of vegetarian) and if you're there at the right time (happy hour or late night) they have a sweet potato lentil taco too that I cannot wait to try."}, {"review_id": "2LJOXvKU4eQ1pi4ZiM1KOA", "user_id": "A_ojXrCWxddFBS50umN2fQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/10/2018", "text": "Oh yes, it IS worth the wait. Try the grilled brussel sprouts. The Reuben Sandwich was the meatiest I have ever had. You don't need the fries if you order the brussel sprouts. Both of us ordered the fries and both left some on our plates. And the beer? Cold. Fast, efficient service.  It is crowded and noisy, but the food - is the best."}, {"review_id": "wliCZR-tkNjLOevrOSckqQ", "user_id": "SkcKsBHLmzFMuARhgt37Vg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/31/2017", "text": "GF bloody mary's, great scotch list, GF food options (with knowledgable staff)...if they had GF french fries they would meet my every food desire! Months ago had a cocktail here with friends around 10PM. Their scotch list was undeniable and the nearly full house didn't overwhelm with noise. So, we returned for dinner. Duck! Oh my, and finished to near perfection. They offer a decent variety of GF appetizer and entree options.Indoor seating offers booths, plus high and low top wood seating. Their outdoor atrium subtly subjects diners to the outdoors while their front, sidewalk patio offers the full outdoor experience. It's roadside but not obnoxious, fast cars; heavy foot traffic at times. Clean bathrooms and friendly waitstaff. I hear their Sunday brunch is a must do."}, {"review_id": "ESx2PIMEcrY660Mr4XOLjA", "user_id": "sUoML4Rd1ZywCzWyLSmaaA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "One of the best reasonably priced restaurants I've had the pleasure of visiting. Expansive selection of whiskies and steak you can cut with a butter knife. Doesn't get better than that!"}, {"review_id": "v7Us9gv-HE6cU9RdAw2tsw", "user_id": "PSozQsaili7CQXNkZ7u4Ow", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "Always a great experience and always worth the wait. Food is delicious. Our favorite date night place!"}, {"review_id": "ONzGULxjN6qtNYFzFa9tow", "user_id": "tvn6_ztq_zRxb0blOOogxg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/5/2018", "text": "The food was good. I wanted the chicken sandwich to be spicier, but it was actually a bit sweet. The overall vibe was still good and the bone marrow was also good. The drinks were very good with a wide variety. I would definitely recommend this place. The vibe and ambiance is a huge part of the attraction."}, {"review_id": "HE2bno3IPEkQ0hXg0n96mw", "user_id": "8QzSs8W34_PMvIuvvXxKKg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/20/2018", "text": "We finally had time to squeeze a nice late dinner into our overnight trip in Grand Rapids and found this place thanks to Yelp. Man, is this place good! I thoroughly enjoyed the beef stroganoff with brown butter spaetzle and planters punch. My husband's skirt(?) steak dish and potato side was also super delicious. They have a limited menu starting at 10 but they are open until 2. I'd love to return to try an appetizer or two as well. Perfect for a special occasion, date night, or when you just want to treat yoself."}, {"review_id": "B5cqnt7FCn22g34G33HW5g", "user_id": "w52pTlVJ_z0LZ4D3y-Z-iA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "Went in for a late lunch with my parents. Service was fantastic, especially considering it was an off time, about 2ish. Honestly the best french fries I've ever had at a sit-down restaurant. Patty melt was fantastic, still a touch of pink on the meat, perfect. Great Field and Fire bread. Mom had the BBELT, I tried it and liked it but found it very odd the yolk was cooked through. Dad had the burger, found the meat exceptional. The bread on our sandwiches was pretty greasy, only negative. Can't wait to go back for dinner!"}, {"review_id": "_91wuyjKeAjiABtoFGpB5w", "user_id": "5yoP61pp4Hdk_7wC1Z7Rxw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/23/2018", "text": "Ventured to BU this past weekend and it did not disappoint. I heard it was fairly new and my friend wanted to try it out. The only downfall of the restaurant is that they don't accept reservations, which is a shame because it was almost a 2 hour wait. Luckily we walked down the street and had a drink or 3 and by the time we finished, our table was ready. Not only was the food worth the wait, we started out with the meatball appetizer which was so flavorful and delicious, for my meal I had the bacon wrapped meatloaf which was outstanding (Highly recommend it) and my friend had the Roasted Chicken and said it was out of this world. The one thing that I will say about BU is that their customer service is phenomenal. My friend and I were enjoying our conversation for a while after we ordered and out of no where a manager and our waitress, who was great, came p to apologize for the delay which we never complained about in the first place and then made sure to take care of us. I don't know about you, but it is very uncommon in the restaurant world for a non complaining customer to get that kind of response. So kuddos to your team BU. That was extremely awesome and if your food alone didn't excite me to come back, your waitstaff/management did. So thank you."}, {"review_id": "j8SAzhNnHCmFurIcqFahLQ", "user_id": "Ux_qyt_5oggczw3At6Sgmw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/2/2018", "text": "I'll start by saying that the wait at 8:00 on Friday was 1:20-1:45. We waited 1:15. You are given 10 minutes to get back to the restaurant. I arrived at the restaurant at 12 minutes. My feedback to the restaurant would be to give customers a 5 minute leniency--if you are going to ask people to wait 1-2 hours, be patient when they make their way over from the local watering hole (Just across the street). We arrived 2 minutes late and our table was given away.Being a member of the service industry, I want to make it clear how well the restaurant did once we arrived. They put me right back on the list, sent a manager (Sammy--very kind and professional) to speak with us. Sammy sat us immediately and apologized for the confusion. Once seated, we were sent (2) free appetizers: the Brussels Sprouts and the Street Corn Dip. Both tasted very well and were complementary from the manager.Wait staff was properly attentive and the food was excellent. We ordered the burger, the Sobe Tips, the meatloaf and the salmon. Would recommend all the except the salmon. The suave was too savory and lacked acidity to compliment the naturally sweet taste of salmon.Had we not experienced the seating issues, this would have been a five star. My recommendation to the Butcher's Union is this: tell customers they have 10 minutes to get to the restaurant and give them 15. This is especially important when you ask a customer to wait 1-2 hours. Would have been 5 stars if they had handled the wait and arrival better."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/butchers-union-grand-rapids?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]