[[{"review_id": "mnSMBd7IfmrOnq2YljDQnQ", "user_id": "5WTYTesTUbLHUnvczYk7bQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/19/2018", "text": "Wow! I was very impressed with everything about my experience at Mabel Gray. Amazing food, wine pairings, service, and a nice ambiance. Just wonderful! First of all, the feel of the place is very nice. It's small and has an open kitchen, which I love! It is actually fairly casual, but with a nice energy. I really loved it! We actually arrived about half an hour before our reservation time, assuming we would just have a drink while we waited. Well, within a few minutes, we were seated! I was pleasantly surprised. And this was on a Friday evening! We had ordered a couple cocktails anyway, so we brought them to our table. They were absolutely delicious! Since we were intending to do the tasting menu with drink pairings, our server was kind enough to wait for us to finish our cocktails before proceeding with the meal. Throughout the meal, our server was just wonderful! Extremely knowledgeable and explained all the dishes and pairings thoroughly. The timing was very well done as well. He was even nice enough to allow us a small interlude to have a glass of one of the wines between a couple courses.As for the food... just amazing! Every course was absolutely delicious! Such creative and wonderful flavor combinations! Plus, the wine pairings were spot-on! And the wines themselves were very interesting as well. It was all just amazing!"}, {"review_id": "TNn2XWtvsqk7o3t3VjBd0Q", "user_id": "pMseDqbRrnSo3zCWJRPfxw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "We've been going to The Root (where chef James started) for years and was in love with the food there (one of the few places in Michigan where I'll spend that kind of money and feel that it's worth it).We were told (by the bartender at The Root) that reservations at Mabel Gray were hard to come by but it was worth going in soon after they open to sit at the bar.  We did just that and sat right now.The food was good.  But on our visit it wasn't 'knock me out' good.  I felt like our appetizers were superb, but the entrees were a little...boring in comparison.  Not bad, but maybe not worth the price.We enjoyed Mabel Gray and I'd recommend it (and have recommended it), but it's not convenient for us to go there easily so I probably won't make another trip.  I'm glad we went, but we'll stick to The Root in Waterford even though chef James has moved on..."}, {"review_id": "2Mh5XpIt2IZSqbmC_qqUZg", "user_id": "8CzH-L-EvXChTStEKcLnnA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/19/2018", "text": "I swear, I hate reading most peoples reviews. I am glad I am not friends with any of you.If you have something bad to say about this place, you have issues. This place is more deserving of 5 stars on Yelp (not that i think much of this site) as ANY place in Michigan.Get the tasting menu & an old fashioned. Enjoy the experience."}, {"review_id": "Fj1JKKwGkbBGg1Y1enu_OA", "user_id": "Z9B6LbPbR3tFYU_m-zT0Fg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/20/2018", "text": "Came for the vegan tasting menu ($65/p - with tax & tip its $80/p). Wine pairing is $30 extra per person. I have never spent so much $$ per person for a dinner & I have to say that this was WORTH it! Every course was fantastic. I would give this place a solid 4.5 stars. The reason for the 0.5 points off was due to our reservation being at 915pm. We were not seated until 1020pm and not served until 1030pm. This was very disappointing and not communicated properly that our appt time would be pushed so far back. Esp after making this reservation with a credit card 2 months prior.  This by far was the most irritating part of the evening. Please be cautious about this - esp if its a very busy night.  From there... everything improved. The inside is very small & intimate with both bar seating and regular tables. Bathrooms in the back. Plenty of parking in the lot or plenty of street parking as well. The vegan dishes started OK and got better and better with each course! It sounds like they will be bringing back the vegan tasting in August!"}, {"review_id": "VUhwYn8bJ2rKVGKbCESa9Q", "user_id": "rsm3_l9-Hn293Z7BoAYEcg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "This dining experience was exquisite. The staff is just as passionate about your food and drink as you are. The blind tasting menu was really fun! Every course is a suprise and everything was delicious! Very few tables and worth the wait! Make your reservations WAY in advance, it is worth the experience and planning. You get to watch the chef work from your table too."}, {"review_id": "fdkOHmS_nO0HaqFe8Co41A", "user_id": "HXO-v7MGKRVHMMQgxSjGIQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/22/2018", "text": "I debated for a long time on how many stars. I wish there was half stars. It's a 4.5.  Getting a reservation is tricky. We lucked out and someone cancelled 3 weeks ahead of time on a Thursday for a 7p reservation. Inside is small, but cozy. Open kitchen so you can see what's going on.I got an amazing cocktail with gin. Similar to a Cosmo, very good. We got the tasting menu. It comes with 8 courses for 65. Menu changes a lot. It started with a tuna dish. Probably my least favorite. We got a beet salad with ricotta cheese, delicious. There was an onion soup also very good. There was a spicy pho with a shrimp dumpling. You can ask for it mild. Octopus dish was also amazing. There was a passion fruit sorbet at some point to cleanse your palate. There was a bison dish with fingerling potatoes. Dessert was a lemon tart. Food was good, but for such a long wait to finally get a reservation I was expecting more.Service was 5 stars."}, {"review_id": "3cPsRWxnVk744BGLxSGWpA", "user_id": "RNEtU1PWHFl0tFMDRQ6TNg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "Amazing food but you can only make a reservation one month out. I like to plan way in advance so I really wish they would fix that."}, {"review_id": "RsFZQ0uGjnJDoIVJtg3j-Q", "user_id": "5yoP61pp4Hdk_7wC1Z7Rxw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/4/2018", "text": "The other night a couple of girlfriends and myself went to Mabel Gray. It was my first time here and I've been wanting to try it because I've heard nothing but good things and heard about the menu that changes everyday which seemed different but also very awesome. They have a tasting menu for I believe $65/a person which the people next to us got and everything looked amazing! So worth it. There were 4 of us and we wanted to taste a bunch of food so we ordered about 7 or 8 dishes and each one was better than the next. The staff couldn't have been nicer and when the waiter places the dish on your table, they explain in detail what you ordered and how it was prepared. I highly recommend trying Mabel Gray!"}, {"review_id": "M7G0VHbc8TL07Sz7cfwCcg", "user_id": "sIrRhMAlCf6gxrqO33C87w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/20/2017", "text": "OMG!! This place is PHENOMENAL!!! There aren't enough stars to justify this treasure. Everything about this place was beyond amazing... from the service, to their drinks, and to the food! My husband and I were able to make dinner reservations for our 10 year anniversary, because it was last minute, it was an early reservation, but hey we've been dying to try this place so it didn't matter. We arrived around 5:00pm, which was the reservation time, and we were sat right away. It is a very small inside, with basically a row of tables. However, I promise you this is definitely one of those, \"great things, come in small packages\" kind of place. We were greeted right away with water and a welcome. Our server, Brock, came over quickly after and introduced himself. He was superb! We were being spontaneous, being our 10 year, so we decided to go with the tasting menu...and that was the RIGHT choice! Every dish just kept getting better and better. There are things that I don't normally eat, such as mussels or mushrooms, but I tell you what, I sure did eat them that night... SO much flavor, such great pairings of ingredients! I mean words will not do this place justice. Every entree that was brought out, Brock explained every single one with such detail. With so many great places opening and of all the places we've tried so far, Mabel Gray, has by far been the BEST one yet! I look forward to going back, seeing they do have a different menu almost weekly it seems. I'm still drooling over the dinner I had. Well done Chef and Mabel Gray, well done!"}, {"review_id": "Kf1a8CvUWcmTbDNJATwrGg", "user_id": "rtGT5eIeT9G78nb587qYCA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "1/17/2018", "text": "I had been looking forward to trying Mabel Gray now for months and to be honest, I was quite disappointed by our experience. We had reservations in the end of December for 9pm and we were finally seated at 9:50. We watched another 4 top table walk in 10 minutes after us and they were seated almost promptly... this did not get us off on the right foot. The dishes we tried were all good but there was nothing really to write home about. It would have probably been more enjoyable if we were rushed through every course. Some of our plates were being whisked away before the last bites were even taken. What made matters worse, at the end of the meal, our server came up to us and said if we wanted dessert we needed to order now because \"you need to respect the kitchen and us closing\". To make such a comment after we were seated nearly an hour after our reservation and then rush us along throughout the whole dinner service was completely unacceptable. I had high hopes for Mabel Gray and the experience did not live up to the hype."}, {"review_id": "3Z8qm7AmB6SCHcdPOL-RHw", "user_id": "aRG0Qllv3PR_W8J5Ayw4JA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/9/2018", "text": "Food: Cabbage salad with crab was good but do not order it for the crab because its just a little tiny hint of it. It's tasty none the less and enough to share otherwise it's just too much cabbage for one person to handle. The Mushroom was good, tender and cooked to perfection but I did not care for the horseradish addition to it. The asparagus was refreshing and really tasty. It leaves a little tingle in your mouth with all the spices, but I recommend it. The oysters were amazing, I think it was my favorite and I am not a big oyster person. Although it says it's grilled, it's not really. It's far from a Rockefeller style, so go for it if you like raw oysters. Lastly the mussels with chorizo was good. Very citrous but the chorizo was pretty good if you like chorizo, however I was not extremely impressed with it. Also the drinks are really good and they have a choice in the menu where you tell them the spirit you like style and they come up with a drink for you, do it! Overall everyting was fresh and made to perfection. Definitely worth a visit. Establishment and service: very friendly and knowledgeable servers and bartenders. You can watch the chef making the food if you sit at the bar. Very small place and you definitely need a reservation. Not good for large groups but perfect for a double date or date night."}, {"review_id": "PM6pvgx7f2WbMaZ0M3_Ymw", "user_id": "FTrIjd0MDm3zxhACO0k1HA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "4-5 stars for the food.  The poor service however over shadows.Be warned... Mabel Gray is poorly managed.  I am a chump for having stayed: we had a reservation and waited for an hour to be seated.  The timid maitre d' lacks have the savvy to manage properly. Our waiter did know a lot about the food.... spouted many facts and self-compliments.  Its not a cheap night out, no one expects it to be ~ $120 per head with tip.  Even the decor is shabby uncoordinated..a mural of Patrick Swayze? There is no proper wine list.Let's try to remember the tasting items though, all good, none spectacular."}, {"review_id": "TTRulsUA5k9kaCxsPJuvkw", "user_id": "XcsBeR_nVgyyYaQTgILLqA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/17/2018", "text": "Amateur foodie mecca for the FoodTV crowd.  On my first visit, I really enjoyed the food I ordered off the menu.  Very creative ingredients, fresh, and well plated.  Excellent service. I would rate that experience a 4.5.  Where they lost points was the tasting menu, which seemed to cater to the entrails and visceral meats crowd.  I am growing tired of the local foodie scene that drives great chefs to outdo each other using hipster cool ingredients.  Maybe I am too old for this place, but I think great food  does not need to contain digestive organs and hooves."}, {"review_id": "tmi_yrlBe9s77WEubvtkRw", "user_id": "3KbCEtM6K8nqjKlbDAUt3A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/25/2018", "text": "The genuinely kind service at Mabel Grey make you feel warm and welcomed. Almost like you want to be lifelong friends with everyone there. Our waiter was super educated on the menu and was attentive but not hovering which was nice because it's a smaller restaurant. A+ for service :)With that being said, the food was just amazing. We came in last night after making a reservation a few weeks ago for my boyfriend's birthday and we were not disappointed. We decided on the tasting menu and wow it was just so good. Every dish was brought out by different people who worked there, and once even by the head chef which was cool! Everyone knew exactly what each plate was and gave us a run down of what we were eating. The knowledge and time that goes into each dish is really quite extraordinary. That's what I would call my experience. Extraordinary. I don't know why anyone would give this place any less less than four stars. Maybe they're just generally hard to please. Go in with an open mind and a happy heart and you'll be pleased.Note: We were at Mabel Grey for about 1.5 hours enjoying food and drinks. Be sure to plan ahead if you have an event to be at after dinner and try not to rush your experience :)"}, {"review_id": "Peo_L2aLletYzB3uXmBzDQ", "user_id": "reOsjVoPYkAQyVVau2crFg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "1/24/2018", "text": "I think it's a great concept that the menu changes with the season, but if you like a dish you might be out of luck on your return. I think their presentation of dishes is immaculate and spot on, but the execution of the food itself was just average. I think the food prices are a little bit high for what they give you and I feel the pricing is mostly based on presentation. I would be willing to give it another try, but I wasn't impressed the first couple times I went there with some friends. My friends always seemed to be more impressed than I was, but I don't think their palate is as refined or as picky as mine."}, {"review_id": "3WG6epbt7vShgCVxcysi1A", "user_id": "0yYb7ASPww6BwxW8P3xIgQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "10/6/2017", "text": "Met up with two of my oldest hence bestest girlfriends. We are all mom's now and we still look good in skinny jeans but that's not what makes us friends. Our bond is deeper than that. We have supported each other through this and that over more glasses of wine than I can count and many years, some better than others. We've cried in our beers and laughed til we cried. Many moons have passed since we did this last and I was of course late to the party, this evening,@ Mable Gray.  I've been curious about this place for years but always find myself down town these days. Tonight I was reminded why doing something different is a good thing. Mable Gray on John R is worth the detour to Hazel Park. It's cozy, it's hip, the $13 Barbera once open was well worth the wait (unlike some other life experiences) and last but not least a bite of the perfectly prepared octopus was the best I've had ever. I eat a lot of octopus despite its relative intelligence. It's just so tasty. I mean just try it. Shake things up."}, {"review_id": "xe3HhQ8geRIRUlowknYlDw", "user_id": "4CvR84zS_1QPcRmF2avBEg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/28/2017", "text": "Insert Emoji with the hands up!I may have booked a reservation over a month out just to get in, but it was well worth the wait and every penny!You may have heard of this small restaurant/bar, it was only named 2017 restaurant of the year and boy does it live up to it's title!  I highly suggest making a reservation and they do have an account with Opentable to make it super easy to book. Now if you're a super picky person, you may not realize what the fuss is all about and you won't have the appreciation, but if you'll try anything, you love flavors, and/or consider yourself a foodie then yes Mable Grey is phenomenal. The menu changes daily so you know all your ingredients are fresh. When dining here I opted for the tasting menu and drink pairing.  They knocked it out of the park with an 8 course tasting menu. First our server asked if there was anything we felt strongly against to make sure we would still appreciate the flavors and dishes. Sure I tried things I wouldn't normally ordered, but the sauces and spices made everything outstanding. And of course for the less adventurous there are options on the menu I think you could order and enjoy. (if it is on the menu when you dine here the butternut squash curry soup is delicious!!!!) Our server was fantastic, he explained each dish and drink pairing with passion and knowledge.  I left dinner feeling full but overly stuffed. I really can't say enough good things about this place."}, {"review_id": "8i52NPiYG65T0yne_gQq4Q", "user_id": "ntDf-Ls20I5xy2-rsP8PYQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/9/2017", "text": "A really outstanding dinner, that was long anticipated. Been trying to come to Mabel Gray for over a year. Came for my birthday, took a month to get reservations and we ended up with 8pm seating. It's a cute space, I commented to my son that I thought it could have been a diner in its previous life. I like the open kitchen concept it adds to the overall ambiance of the place. We showed up at quarter to 8 for our 8 p.m. seating, the hostess then told us that they were super behind schedule and would probably be at least a 45 minute wait starting from our 8 p.m. timeframe. I was not happy about that since I already thought 8 p.m. was late to get started for dinner on a weeknight.  She suggested that perhaps the 3 of us could eat at the bar which I wasn't too thrilled with because it's pretty hard to talk to 3 people when you're spread out and that wasn't what we had hoped for, especially since it was a birthday celebration. The three of us looked at each other and debated about well maybe we could do that, but I  was actually thinking about leaving & just trying to find someplace else to go. While we were discussing it, she came back over and said oops, I was wrong, here's your table right here,  sorry. So a weird start to our dinner.  Our waiters name was Max, he was very good, energetic and nice. We decided to do the tasting menu for $65 which is quite a bargain compared to some other places I've been for their tasting menus. It was eight courses and they were all really good, the highlights for us where the mushroom bisque and the pork dumpling and broth. The menu is different every day though so you never know what you're going to get. I also thought the portions were very large for a tasting menu and I was completely stuffed by the last course. It was a wagyu beef and it was cooked perfectly.  I was full and ended up giving the remainder of mine to my son. He's a big eater and even he was pretty full by the end. The dessert was delicious, it was a chocolate and white cake type thing with a marmalade sauce that really made it. I chose to do the drink pairing for an extra $35. I have to say I really wasn't that thrilled with it. The only one I really liked was the starting wine which was a dry sparkling type wine, everything else just seemed slightly random to me and I couldn't really understand the pairings with the food, they didn't seem to match up well. They were all white except for the last one which was a red from Morocco which I thought was really tannic. So while I was looking forward to the drink pairings, I have to say that was my least favorite part.  I would definitely come back, I would try the tasting menu again but I would probably order a cocktail or wine from the menu and not get the drink pairing.  So that's why 4 stars not 5. The mix-up on the initial seating which freaked me out, and the drink pairing which I didn't care for."}, {"review_id": "Xm1U1A2dgnKBmQnU8evOgQ", "user_id": "WUnVFdsH-vnj2UgEvXm4cw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/26/2017", "text": "Another one of my favorite restaurants in the area!  Mabel Gray is one of our go-to restaurants for special occasions or entertaining guests.  My husband and I just went for our wedding anniversary and were not disappointed (as usual).  The restaurant is super tiny so it can occasionally be difficult to get reservations during peak hours.  We tend to just make early reservations to avoid having to wait.  We always get the tasting menu so the meal takes at least 2 hours to eat.  The service is excellent.  It has to be with the tasting menus since they are so involved.  Our servers have been very knowledgable and friendly.  The food.  Where do I even begin?  First of all, don't come here for the tasting menu if you are a picky eater!  I recommend the tasting menu to all of my foodie friends or those who are on the adventurous side.  If you aren't quite so adventurous, you can always order off the menu.  We have been here several times in the last 2 years.  I love the changing menu.  We are always pleasantly surprised with our dishes when we come.  We have had everything from watermelon salad to rabbit stew to raw scallops to grilled octopus.  The drink pairings are always a delightful addition to the meal.  The pours are a pretty decent size so I always order the pairing and share with my husband who typically orders off their unique beer menu.The value is really great.  We have spent much more on a tasting menu in other cities.  The location of the restaurant is kind of strange but it makes the restaurant unique.  I happen to live fairly close by so it is convenient for me.  The atmosphere is pretty loud but definitely hip and again the restaurant is tiny which makes it more personal.  I really like being able to see the kitchen.  I absolutely will be back again and again and again.  Highly recommend!"}, {"review_id": "erD7Xmr4lHAHSTw8dAetGg", "user_id": "5Bvuat3Gxlxpt44Sg3y7_g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "What an amazing experience: from the food to the service to the ambiance--simply perfect. The food is out of this world, their heavy metal brunch served food that brought tears to my eyes and dinner/dessert was outstanding. Awesome servers who are knowledgeable and anticipate guest needs. Jimmy and Sam are elegant badasses who know how to cook some killer food. 10/10- I will be back, worth every penny"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/mabel-gray-hazel-park?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]