[[{"review_id": "aTt52InhOBOeFtWwH2sgrQ", "user_id": "TATrjvM_tKU-t17ZwpqoMQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/10/2018", "text": "This place is fantastic. Best burger I've ever had.The restaurant is visually appealing, red booths with wood tables. From the moment you walk in you feel welcomed. The staff is friendly and the waiter we had was exceptional.We started with an appetizer of cheese curds. Those were delicious-the breading was great, not too crispy just right. I had the double decker burger (forgot the name - but the menu states it had won local awards). Delicious. The sautéed onions and the special sauce (which had a hint of horse radish) was delicious. Burger was juicy and not dry. Even the Home made pickles that came with the burger were good. So good, we asked for more. One thing I appreciate during my meal is assorted condiments for dipping fries. At any given time there were at least 4 different kinds of dipping sauces-special ketchup, assorted mustards, all home made.I would strongly recommend if you're in town stop by, you won't be disappointed!"}, {"review_id": "FbNmQgnHmJrp_idW-ohuUg", "user_id": "eXnK9DW3hv4iVBoXgz3WUg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "This is a great place with a good crowd for Sunday brunch. There is an entire BOOK volume 3 dedicated to craft cocktails, wine, beer, mimosas, etc. I had Chilaquiles and the barbacoa was very flavorful but I so wish I had had the double barrel burger...my own game time decision but when I saw that come out afterwards, it looked incredibly tasty. My friend had the Parisian, it seemed small but is described as being a lighter fare (one egg, a couple strips of bacon, and one piece of French toast with berries - she was delighted! I would go back for certain and the rumor I heard is they may expand to Colorado, which would be welcome by me!"}, {"review_id": "ZkN-0UTqq9aUU4UsCnUJUg", "user_id": "U11uwbLlIfR7uKuYRa0wZQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/31/2018", "text": "I'd been to the Uptown location before, which was wonderful, but after perfect food and service tonight I'll drop my five stars at their North Loop spot.My friend and I arrived at 5 (Saturday night) when the wait was just starting- we only waited five minutes, however if I were waiting longer I would have really appreciated that they text you when your table is ready. We were seated at a high top next to the bar which was perfect for watching the game. I love when hostess takes the time to explain drink specials and the menus- we knew we were in for great service from the start.As a culinary student and aspiring chef, the best part of this place for me is the wide array of inspired burger toppings. With cheeses like brie, manchego, fontina, and gruyere, sauces like smoked pepper aioli, tomato jam, cherry red wine reduction, and apricot rosemary black pepper jam, meats like bacon confit, pork belly, prosciutto, and root beer pulled pork, and veggies like arugula, piquillo pepper, truffled shallots, and merlot mushrooms; any culinarian would be impressed. These are truly gourmet burgers. Last time I had the Blues Burger which was absolutely fantastic but this is not the place to order the same burger every time. I had such a hard time choosing that I had our server, Roberto decide between the Manhattan and the Royale for me. He shares my love of brie cheese which is on the Royale but recommended the pretzel bun from the Manhattan, so we went with the Royale sub pretzel bun. The patty was perfectly seasoned and cooked. The flavor combination of the tender pork belly, nutty brie, peppery arugula, and sweet tomato jam was an absolute flavor bomb. The bun substitution was a lovely recommendation albeit a little pricey at $1.50. However, the $2 upcharge for a specialty salad side (I got the heirloom wedge- YUM) was very reasonable and highly recommended, given the fact that this is the same price people pay for a side salad with only lettuce, tomato, and carrots at most other joints. My plate exceeded the $16 I spent on it in quality. My friend ordered the Cowboy which he really enjoyed, it had great sweet and smokey action going on. It was absolutely massive with three jumbo onion rings. He had fries as his side, which were clearly hand cut, nicely seasoned and crispy.The beer selection is amazing, featuring several beers they brew themselves. My friend ordered a Farm Girl which I ended up enjoying more than he did. So good! And only $4 during happy hour. I skipped happy hour because the Hurricane sounded so good. It was $12, and while it was worth the price in its sheer strength, it wasn't balanced for me. I'll stick with the Farm Girl next time.Roberto was kind, chill, and thoughtful. He anticipated anything we could have possibly needed- a real professional. A manager swung by at the right time (as we were just realizing we're ready for a to go box) to ask how everything was. We had nothing but compliments of the service and food to offer. The only thing we had that was close to a problem was finding parking. But our experience was well worth that 5 minute fiasco.I highly recommend this small local chain to anyone seeking a truly gourmet burger! Even the veggie patty sounded good, with curried chickpeas as the base. There's something for everyone here. Can't wait to return to try their baked brie and a new decadent burger!"}, {"review_id": "5MUtak0K4b4CguYDvxrM7A", "user_id": "YkDKDbtj1BRaZ6KYOgv9dw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/25/2018", "text": "Red Cow was great. It is located in North Loop, and it can sometimes be hard to find parking near by but there is always a spot somewhere that opens up! Depending on when you go you may have to wait for a table, which is totally worth it.When I was here I got a cheese burger and it was mouthwatering. It looked so good I ate it all before I even could take a picture! The fries here were equally as great. Red Cow is definitely the place to come if you want a great burger!The inside of the restaurant was absolutely adorable. It's red toned and has Cow prints, super cute. It is nicely decorated inside as well. The workers were also friendly and helpful! Our server was Trevor and he was awesome!Cannot complain about anything here. The burgers, fries, atmosphere, workers....all of it was great!"}, {"review_id": "LiEM12w9mUwMNhi9U2ZUjw", "user_id": "1W0WA75ZaU_jK2v8Ctvy5w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/11/2018", "text": "Important points: 1) There will be a 45 minute wait on a Saturday night but they will text you when your table is ready and you can stand at the bar to enjoy some drinks. 2) The service was absolutely remarkable.3) The food was so delicious!CARAMEL BACON POPCORN 5/5 and it was complimentary!CHEESE CURDS. MUST ORDER 5/5. COWBOY BURGER 5/5BARCELONA BURGER 4/5ONION RINGS 5/5FRIES 3/5We arrived around 8PM on a Saturday night and they quoted a 35-40 minute wait which was understandable and we had no problem with it. They said they would text us when the table is ready. We waited by the bar and got a couple of beers. I could tell the locals knew to wait around the bar to snatch up the first couple of seats that opened up. We weren't in a hurry so we just waited on the side and watch the Minnetonka hockey game on the big screens while enjoying our beers. A server walked by and offered us some complimentary popcorn! It was absolutely delicious. It tasted of syrup and bacon bits. We got the text that our table was ready about 40 minutes later. Right on schedule. Our server was really kind. Made a lot of suggestions as to what we should order. And I even asked her where a liquor store is nearby that we could pick up some drinks before heading home. She went to do some research and we were then greeted by the manager who gave us a printed list of liquor stores in the area. We could have definitely done the research ourselves but it was incredible that they went above and beyond to print out the list and tell us of some local favorites. We got the cheese curds out first. So good. They're like little mozzarella sticks but small. I didn't care for the berry ketchup sauce that came with it too much because I don't like sweets. I would have preferred an aioli or something savory in that nature. The burgers came out next. My boyfriend and I split our burgers and gave each other half. I really loved his Cowboy Burger. I don't usually like bbq sauce on my burgers but their sauce was delicious. And the patty was cooked perfectly. So flavorful. The Barcelona was really good! I only had a bite of it before I was too full to eat anymore. Not going to lie, I felt like the prosciutto was really really salty. I know prosciutto is like that but I needed something to balance it. Maybe some greens. We also had sides of french fries and onion rings. Onion rings were cooked perfectly. I would suggest those over the french fries because the fries were good but nothing special! The onion rings are added with a small upcharhe though. All in all, I was blown away by the service. The people who worked there are the reason why I loved it so much. The bill came out to $56.51 after tax and I tipped our server 20%.Thank you for sharing that Minnesota culture with us on our first night in town, Red Cow! Your team should be so proud of the welcoming environment they have created."}, {"review_id": "aetH1CJtm_Gq1yLF4POWgA", "user_id": "OFH7VPA6CVoRclvSG7zBkw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/7/2018", "text": "I came here a few nights ago on a date. We started with the Scotch Eggs. OMG they were phenomenal! Best I've EVER had!...which is really only 3-4 different places. But I'm back for those juicy, soft boiled Scotch Eggs for a very late breakfast. The other night when my beau and I were here, we both went with a beer flight, split one of the burgers ...and the scotch eggs. Everything we ate was SO good! They even brought out our split burger on separate plates, perfectly arranged. This morning, I was set on just Scotch Eggs. And coffee. And then I looked at the menu. Dang it. In addition, I ended up ordering a Red Velvet pancake and a Cool as a Cucumber sparkling water/juice concoction and a side of bacon!! I'm sure I look like a pig with all this food on the tablet...and there is only me! But I couldn't resist! And they do have to go boxes...On another note- the staff was really great for both outings. I think I could end up frequently dinning here."}, {"review_id": "j9aGJG57PcAGtXfJjriGPw", "user_id": "Sgkuw1k3OS3q-HPOXpTnDA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "What a great restaurant near Target Field!  Really unique burgers and a great variety of foods on the menu.   I enjoyed the 60/40 burger. It's 60% certified Angus beef and 40% ground up bacon.  The appetizers are absolutely phenomenal. We had a he and chips, the fat onion rings, cheese curds and finally, PuffCorn!  Wow!  Service was amazing.  Kalei was our server (group of 10) and it may have been the best large group service we've ever had!   Check out some of our pictures."}, {"review_id": "iWAiuNKP8zRAZfKvq_72Jw", "user_id": "iyVBS0sINi2OqWuedwuILw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "Red Cow is one of the best places we've eaten at when we went to Minneapolis! Thanks Yelpers for helping us find this food spot! The wait for lunch on a Sunday was not bad at all. We were seated in 15 minutes. We got the following appetizers - bacon puffcorn (like caramel popcorn with bacon bits - so yummy!) and cheese curds (not a fan of cheese curds but my husband loved it). For our main dish, we got the Manhattan burger and Double Barrel burger. Both were amazing but I liked the Manhattan burger just a bit more coz it has a hint of sweetness! Overall, my hubby and I loved this place and we will definitely be back!!!"}, {"review_id": "911I-aouOr3EVvSVPzpk-A", "user_id": "R6TEmXzQ5SYrxxs2MiyH0A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/26/2018", "text": "I went here last night after hearing so many incredible reviews about this place. We were seated right away. You can tell this is a favorite of the locals as the bar was full and so was the restaurant. Our server was incredible as was the overall service here. I was happy to see they had vegetarian options on the menu and I opted for the veggie burger and my friend had the Cowboy burger. The veggie burger was made from curried chick peas with avocado and cabbage on top. It was absolutely delicious and I enjoyed the fries. The homemade ketchup was a little strange. My friend enjoyed the cowboy burger and that thing is giant! We just missed the happy hour which was a bummer so I'll definitely have to check that out. The prices are extremely reasonable with the quality of the food. Overall, an incredible restaurant and a can't miss when in Minneapolis. I can't wait to go back!"}, {"review_id": "SJJ5V9kwEIj8cU-tMW19ng", "user_id": "oh4VEPx8wsRNqK00sQYI7w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/21/2017", "text": "I have eaten at the Target Field Red Cow and the St. Paul location.  They certainly have good hamburgers.  We had a party of 9 so we had to wait a few minutes to be seated.  This place is not set up for large groups.  I would say 6 people is the Max or you will wait for special accommodations.  However the wait was not totally unreasonable.After seated, the waiter was very attentive to our drink needs and was very helpful with menu suggestions and deals.  We ordered cheese curds and onion rings.  Both passed the taste and appearance test with flying colors.  Portions for our party of 9 was perfect.  A taste but not filling!I ordered the Cowboy.  Now that is a HUGE burger.  Topped with three, yes I said three onion rings!  Pulled pork and cheese on top of the burger.  I elected for the Mac and Cheese as my side.  Very cheesy and tasted great.  Good alternative to French Fries.  I stole a couple from my grandsons meal, they were good also!I tried the Lift Bridge Root Beer.  The waiter compared the taste to A & W.  Maybe?  It was good for a dark brew.  No after taste.  Smooth.  I was tempted to take the glass.  For the price it should be included.  Like many places, no refills on the root beer.Poor food service was the only issue.  It took over a half hour for our food.  However, without us saying a word, the manager offered us a couple free desserts!  Now that is an attentive manager.  The rating was a clear 3 until this act of kindness.Great burger joint!"}, {"review_id": "VVvxYKZjqpeHuv_ZnXmgRA", "user_id": "p7ic5gPx3XCZGjPOb6fZkA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/10/2018", "text": "What a great spot! We stopped in for a quick lunch before flying out of Minnesota per a local friends recommendation. Typically I'm not a fan of your classic American fair restaurant with simple burgers, fries, etc. but this place really surprised me!  Red Cow is def up to date with the foods and drinks on trend ie. brussel sprouts, tuna, hummus...and had a great selection featured on their menu.They even offer happy hour on a Saturday with great specials on food, drinks eh but that didn't stop us! I ordered the Moscow Mule upon our waiters recommendation, which had pink peppercorn ginger beer made in house. Great drink with a little kick. The BF ordered the Cold Brew and Tonic, very unique I will say, but odd. I had a sip but wasn't a fan, and I don't believe he was either. Glad we tried it though.For food we ordered the Ahi Tuna Crisps, and wow amazing flavor! I would order those every time if I could. We also ordered the jerky, but our waiter forget so we didn't bother. For entree, we split the Tennessee Hot Chicken with french fries. The kitchen was nice enough to separate it into two plates before bringing it out. Delicious, even tastier than than one chain who makes spicy chicken sandwiches I will admit. A friend ordered the Ahi Tuna Burger, which looked amazing, I was jealous and would definitely try next time."}, {"review_id": "9fcDJHQpP3fuSOmsWuPNdA", "user_id": "I-LkdS5Mlnj5H1Blj9a4zg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "This is the most solid 5/5 restaurant that I've been to in a while. I tried the Ahi Burger, which was SO GOOD. The burger was cooked perfectly, the bread was toasty and buttery, and the sauce that it came with was delicious. It came with a side of fries, which was also really good. The server was extremely friendly and helpful, and the manager stopped by to check in on us. I went a little bit after normal lunch hours and service was really fast. This place is fantastic and I will definitely be back."}, {"review_id": "hDdzom8lac_P31Yojpesgw", "user_id": "XYMxRy8mOR66LFZbMohPdQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/2/2017", "text": "Atmosphere: Quirky atmosphere. Meat hooks hanging from the ceiling. Red vibrant booths. Open layout and a huge bar. High ceilings and fun decor. My fiancé said the men's facilities were clean.Service: The hostess who sat us was accommodating when we requested a booth and complimented me on my coat and told us who our server was and then dissapeared back to the front. Our server was just as personable and friendly and I felt this great chill vibe while being there. I saw in some reviews people knocking the staff here because they have piercings or unnatural hair colors or whatever, WHO CARES. From what I witnessed they all busted their butts to make the customer experience great, so shove it. Drinks: Holy moly Bloody Mary. Soooooooo good. It had a well rounded kick and acidity level. They even had cholula at my request. A delicious IPA was served as a chaser with it. Food: THOSE CHEESE CURDS THO. Every, single, day. I would eat those cheese curds and regret it while not regretting it. Love that triple berry sauce. Give me that sweet...wait I'll stop, no more cheese curd talk I have to talk about the rest of the food. I had the chilaquiles and the poached eggs were perfect and so was that beef, so tender and so much flavor. The hollandaise sauce was drinkable. My chips were a bit burnt but I just ate around them. That hashbrown on the bottom of the plate is not needed. I would gladly come back here or try one of their other locations."}, {"review_id": "qdAEGZjRtnIoTRnVjOwkoQ", "user_id": "fxUn9wMgttCCevpy36L3-g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/4/2018", "text": "I was super pumped to finally try Red Cow! After hearing great things from friends, I went and tried it out for my birthday dinner. The first thing I'll say about this place is that it can totally be affordable. I was surprised with how cheap the prices were with how much people hyped it. Overall, our experience was great. Abby was our waitress and made sure to check on us frequently so our needs were met. Our food also came out pretty quickly despite there being a wait at the restaurant! We ordered a couple drinks (would definitely recommend the Maiden Rock Honey Crisp Apple Cider) with a beer pretzel, Mushroom Swiss burger with truffle fries, and an Ultimate burger. My only complaint was that they didn't cook my burger the way I asked at first, but they quickly apologized and brought out a new one within 5 minutes with extra fries!I'd recommend all of the food we ordered. Red Cow also has an eClub newsletter that you can sign up for and get $10 off your next visit!"}, {"review_id": "yyKrquo8ZAjCg79kA7h0yw", "user_id": "NlcS-egi5ybip96coxmqtQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/22/2017", "text": "I've been here a couple times for dinner or drinks/appetizers. I've found the servers friendly and the service quick.  The veggie love burger is vegan except for the bun; the gluten-free bun is vegan otherwise you can get it wrapped in lettuce. I thought the burger had good flavors, but it was too mushy and fell apart too easily. The arugula salad is also vegan, but the lemon dressing was extremely overwhelming.  Because of this, I prefer Red Cow for quick drinks/apps. I love the hand-cut fries and the sweet potato flanks, I usually like a sauce (ketchup, BBQ) with my fries but they're fabulous on their own.  The alcoholic drinks are priced the same as any other handcrafted drinks in North Loop, but they're fun for a treat."}, {"review_id": "qbvlnYk1blKzim8Uq9-BNQ", "user_id": "IZJXnKA9CMiTy1RN489ihA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/12/2018", "text": "Although we had to wait an hour (on a Friday night), they had me when the brought cheese curds and puffed corn while we waited! The service was top notch!Those cheese curds! I'd definitely rank them in the top five!  They were sooo good! State fair quality we'd say. Also the berry ketchup, was Great too. I'm not always a fan of berry ketchup, but this one was good.We were seated, and I got the blended burger! It was so good! The mushrooms are NOT overpowering but the flavor was on point. I'll also give a shout out to the ginger beer. I grew up in Mn, and so every time i come home, i take advantage of ordering a ginger beer. They make their own and it was good. I would say it is more juice than a carbonated soda. It was strong, but worth the order."}, {"review_id": "IYJgfIOy-HKGvTkBzEpxBw", "user_id": "h1TcT01LP2-h2Fb6qYYVEw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/5/2017", "text": "I have never had a burger THIS GOOD! First of all the portions were huge and it was a struggle to fit it all in- but I did it! I started off with the cheese curds, which was amazing. The cheese was so soft and the SAUCE!!! triple berries with ketchup was fantastic. (My sister liked it more than I did) I ordered the Cowboy with an egg on top. The burger was really juicy and the pulled pork was perfection. The fries were seasoned well and the pickle with the burger was the greatest thing ever!I got a taste of my sisters Patty Melt and guys, it was delicious. The bread was perfectly toasted- the pork on this was also perfectly pulled and the cheese perfectly melted. Perfect. She got a side of fruit- which to my surprise looked super fresh. The waiter was really polite. The only thing bothering me is that the painting of the cow at the entrance is BLUE!"}, {"review_id": "OuLRVk-fra_7oHoyS_rpfQ", "user_id": "E0j2am3yu1avQT9uSgB5Zg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/28/2018", "text": "Love this place. Live nearby and hit up happy hour a lot. The food is always delicious and the wait staff is always attentive and helpful. It can get crazy busy during the summer and especially when there's a game. Just plan accordingly and you will be fine. I had to add a review because they just added Bulgogi fries to their seasonal menu, and they are pure amazingness to this Korean American girl. Go get them before they're gone. And Red Cow, keep the bulgogi fries. I would be forever grateful!"}, {"review_id": "aUmTlz4j707xo1jLctxzvw", "user_id": "SV1oD5dR3aJsphSxv6n7OQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/14/2017", "text": "As I was leaving the Walker Art Center, I asked my Lyft driver, if there was only one restaurant that he could eat at in downtown, which one would it be - he immediately said the Red Cow.After doing a little bit of investigating on Yelp, I decided that that was going to be my move. After a short walk from the hotel, I arrived at the packed restaurant but thankfully there were a few gentlemen finishing up at the bar. I settled in and the bartender brought me menus for wine, beer and food. I asked which burger was his favorite, and he suggested the Manhattan. I paired that with fries and a beer and we were on our way. The presentation of the food was well-thought-out, the burger was hot and juicy, the lettuce was fresh, the cheese melty (though now I wish I had added an additional slice) the fries were crisp (and came with a an excellent sweet ketchup-like dipping sauce). This place definitely gets 5 stars - not just for the excellent food but also for the ambience (how often do you hear a Marvin Gaye song in a burger restaurant?), awesome service and knowledgeable staff who offered great recommendations."}, {"review_id": "T1YkxJupkCbwHIEFtcKF5g", "user_id": "qeh5wsM28-0LtxCzG_V9VQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/25/2018", "text": "I of course got a burger because that's what Red Cow is known for, but after seeing a server go by with someone else's Chilaquiles, I immediately regretted my choice. Every long once in a while I experience food love at first sight, and this was it. But it must be evidence of my shyness that I haven't actually returned to be properly introduced to the luscious Chiaquiles.However, the burger was great, and cheese curds very fine as well. Plus anywhere with a beer selection like this deserves some extra points.Red Cow turned out to be a good rendezvous spot for a tour of the sculptured water fountains of downtown Minneapolis - check them out drinkingfountains.blogsp…"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/red-cow-north-loop-minneapolis?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]