[[{"review_id": "ae3sIg36m4fMaQVA9f06CQ", "user_id": "oLBEE51LYDiq6XrCbX8qqg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "Quang is a spacious and ever popular Vietnamese joint on Eat Street. I liked it a lot but don't think it competes well with other joints on the strip, especially with my favorite My Huong across the street: The tofu platter was delicious (though not spicy like advertised), the boba was second to none, the bun was incredibly dry, the spring rolls were crispy and perfect. Each dish is a tad inconsistent with the quality of the last.Also, in case you were wondering, you pay at the front. Service is nice and prompt!"}, {"review_id": "0S89YI7FnjacoOiLZg96sA", "user_id": "WHe5tyJbVpkvO_3meMUrdg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "This is my go-to Pho spot on Wednesdays. Why Wednesdays? Because Pho Tau Bay (my favorite Vietnamese restaurant) is closed on Wednesdays!Always busy and with a small parking lot, the food here is pretty good. My impression is that because it is more towards the middle section of Eat Street, it has a lot more pedestrian and vehicle traffic to draw in. It has been here for many years and I think they have drawn upon a very good business strategy which is to make their menu more approachable to a wider variety of palates. (That is a churched up way of saying that it will appeal to people that might otherwise get scared off by more aggressive ethnic offerings.) I find that it dilutes down some of the authenticity (no Chao rice porridge with offal or Bun Oc with snails here) but helps a lot of White Minnesotans feel more comfortable coming here to experience a good ethnic meal. The two things that Quang's has over most other Pho shops on eat street is that they stay open a little later (some stop serving at 8 and close by 8:30p) and they serve beer and wine which is kind of nice. As a person that often works a midwatch shift, it is awesome to be able to eat a quality bowl of Pho and drink a beer after work with your buddies at least until 9pm. It is a close to the top spot in my book for Vietnamese food but not my top draw for a couple of reasons: Their packed in tables are tight and you are often sitting elbow to elbow with strangers (communal dining can be ok in some circumstances but I like to be able to speak to my dining companions without the risk of having a dozen people overhear your conversation or joining in) and they are a bit stingy on the fresh herbs/peppers/veg that come with the Pho. Every other Pho shop I go to gives you a good pile of stuff but here you get about 3 slices of hot pepper a small sprig of basil and about 12 bean sprouts. I always ask for more and they accommodate this but it annoys me that I have to always ask. From my travels to Vietnam, Pho is all about the pile of fresh herbs and veg and the Vietnamese stalls in Ho Chi Minh City were very proud to bring you a large pile. Quangs has clearly learned the ways of American Dream profit capitalism!Having said that, if it's Wednesday and I need a Pho fix, I still come here. When you gotta have it, you gotta have it."}, {"review_id": "b6UO4Ob2lKc3p1o_Sv1TZw", "user_id": "YsrnD2CX2zlfauGh0A27DA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/24/2018", "text": "I've been going here ever since I've been a kid, being dragged to Asian gatherings with my parents. I honestly can say that I took the Vietnamese food here (in Minnesota in general, but Quang specifically) for granted, as I eventually moved away and wondered why the Vietnamese food I tried in other parts of the country was so average. I eventually realized that yes, wow, Minnesota is strangely a great state to get Vietnamese food...and Quang is among the best that the state has to offer. The Pho here is the best I've had. Although to be fair, I admittedly have somewhat limited Pho exposure. I also am a huge fan of Pad Thai and this place has some of my favorite Pad Thai as well.Definitely try the chicken wings too. The portion sizes have become smaller since the good old days (or is it that...I have just grown much bigger?) but they are still wonderful.Today they had lion dancers there entertaining you for ten minutes...so there's that too."}, {"review_id": "cdDQDht3cfHLnkH95HMkzA", "user_id": "CLia1m1jAbTyU9MIU02rKw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/28/2018", "text": "Numbered menu (and I like that a lot). App: We ordered the spring roll for an app. Standard and delicious.Main: #505 combination pho soup. Beef brisket, meatballs, and a bunch of other meats. Something that looked like it had tentacles was in it but it wasn't octopus. It was very good. Drink: highly recommend Thai bubble tea. Sweet and delicious!"}, {"review_id": "qnfiEMSSzl6UTWGPvTpE2Q", "user_id": "s4aGMZjvDSzHJQm6Y16b4A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/4/2018", "text": "Quang is definitely top 3 Vietnamese restaurants in the Twin Cities for me! I highly highly recommend, especially for Bun and Pho. This place is near Eat Street in Uptown and is definitely my top pick right now in the area. The space is large and they crank out a loooot of customers very efficiently! With that being said, they make use of the space they have, so you may be sitting rather close to another group. This matches the casual ambience--this isn't the place for an intimate, quiet experience far away from another table. It's more like cafeteria seating.Same goes for service. Waiter comes to bring water, take order, drop order, check on order, and leave check. All of this is done very quickly and efficiently. No small talk, no loitering to come back two or three times to see how the food (still) is. They are serving lots of people, so ain't nobody got time to keep bothering you like that. I appreciate this part of Quang! Again, casual and efficient ambience. It's not a slow, sit down and your waits on your hand and food experience.Now to the FOOD. Everything I've had here has been amazing. Sausage and Shrimp/Pork spring rolls are both delicious. The sauce they give with it is like a vinegar-y peanut sauce that's to die for, with a little kick. For those of your with seafood allergies, or you fake one because it disgusts you, Quang has sausage spring rolls so you can still enjoy them without dying from shrimp consumption! Not many places I've found have this option.The Bun here is AMAZING. If you're reading this and have never had bun, TRY THAT SHXT. It's got the awesome flavors of fish sauce and vinegar like banh mi, but in a cold noodle bowl. The pork is spectacular. And the portion is very generous.I've had chicken pho here twice now and each time it's like the chicken noodle soup you could never make yourself because it's so good. If you're sick, cold, or it's just winter in MPLS, hit up Chicken Pho. This time we came, we tried the hot and spicy beef and pork hoc pho with rice noodles. This was interesting--the flavors were rockin' and it definitely lived up to its 'hot and spicy' name--not for the faint of heart! But I loved it, flavors reminded me of the Sichuan province in China. Not a bowl of broth you could/would want to slurp, but lots of noodles and the beef was so tender. Boyfriend got the pork chop banh mi--was a little disappointed with the size and amount of filling--it was mostly french bread with just a little bit of meat and banh mi toppings (carrots, cilantro, fish sauce, etc.). So falls below Lu's Sandwiches for quality of banh mi. But they are just $5 and Bryan reported that it had great flavor!Their bubble tea is also awesome--personal favorites are the Matcha Green Tea (a special that's not always available) and the Lychee one with tapioca pearls and lychee jellies. There's just something so satisfying about puncturing the taut plastic top of a bubble tea with the fat bubble tea straws...Anywhooo, check this place out! Quick and simple service, great chicken pho, awesome flavors."}, {"review_id": "_ziVXv3a7GPk92OBMTDQ1A", "user_id": "M1AQgY8T4xESlEvRykusZQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/5/2018", "text": "This place really is good!I don't think I have much to offer that hasn't already been said-other than it was freezing cold today outside but we left feeling super cozy and satisfied.The fresh spring rolls are FRESH!The cream cheese wontons also were FRESH!I had the wonton Pho with pork. My first pho experience was great.The service was very friendly and efficient.Even brought some pho leftovers home.I'll be back and recommending this place."}, {"review_id": "a_k47HVWhnDUa1pUfyGi2g", "user_id": "AEk8PO-k4o7lDjSeYWmVFA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/23/2018", "text": "Amazing food and fast service! I've been here 5+ times and every time it has been busy but I've never had to wait and I've always been served promptly. Very fresh and authentic pho and I love the Vietnamese iced coffee and bubble teas!"}, {"review_id": "nsHBnEU74dPiwGfU7oLo6w", "user_id": "FME44FY1uJst7y3tNa4e9g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/4/2017", "text": "Quang is always in the back of my mind when thinking of places to dine out. I enjoy the tasty food and general consistency in service.There's a decent number of Vietnamese restaurants to choose from in the area but Quang seems to be one that people like to mention most often. The atmosphere is very casual with lots of tables packed together. This allows for you to get a good view other people's food while you wait for your own. Generally it doesn't take too long for dishes to arrive at your table.I usually alternate between just a few of the menu items because they are things that I thoroughly enjoy and should be consumed whenever given the opportunity. I have never been disappointed. Their pho is one of those items. It's quite flavorful with lots of noodles and other ingredients swimming in the bowl. It makes for an especially perfect dish during the current season of frigid weather and potential snowfall at any moment. The portion size is big enough for me to have at least one other meal out of it and relive the cozy deliciousness once again. It seems as though portion sizes are like that with other items as well.Even if it's not cold and you don't want pho, Quang is still a fantastic option with tons of things to try."}, {"review_id": "Mh9xmS4Ns2ZitHnIAVjxHw", "user_id": "GWLyf2aZMd3WCtqKA4GJqA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/20/2018", "text": "Quang Restaurant!A lot of my white friends likes this place and says it's the best Vietnamese restaurant they've been to. I think it's alright...Atmosphere: It gets pretty busy here but the service is pretty fast. It doesn't look like it from the outside but the restaurant is pretty big. The restaurant is well lit  and spacious. Food: Spring Rolls- The spring roll is OK. Nothing too special.Pho- The broth had spice but it's lacking in a strong beefy flavor. It seems that the broth did not simmer in beef bone as long as it should have...I'm not a fan of the meatballs they serve with the combination pho but it did have a lot of meats. They also didn't have fish sauce or oil pepper at the table so you'll have to ask enough for those who needs it. Summary:Good :)*Restaurant is well lit and spacious *Service was fast Bad :(* No fish sauce or oil pepper at the table * Not a fan of the pho broth * Not a fan of the meat balls"}, {"review_id": "vGIVclSJYj8N26CmzS5bCw", "user_id": "BAo6ZQsIk9tpHn_Qi260DQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/4/2018", "text": "It was good Pho and Lemongrass beef with Vermicelli Salad. I thought the beef was a tad on the chewy side but it had good flavor. I liked their fresh spring rolls and their pho broth was authentic and delicious. I wish their portion sizes were larger. But what can you say they are crazy popular and busy."}, {"review_id": "sBKVYh3f81U8lPw_FoMTsA", "user_id": "0uEktUUzlqJgSIgFjmhhsA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/15/2018", "text": "The menu here has been updated so it looks really nice. This place is a very popular place to get Vietnamese food. I personally think it's one of the best places. They have pretty good Pho and Bun Bo Hue. On the weekends they offer additional specials such as Banh Cuon (their version is okay). Service is pretty fast but keep in mind they are very busy on the weekends and I think during regular lunch hours too. It's easy to get tempted by the additional prepackaged items they have right by the register as you leave. This is definitely one of my favorite places to stop by for some Vietnamese food in the Twin Cities."}, {"review_id": "uONVNGmjm4dM4WzsdzpOJQ", "user_id": "HhzWodykGnLAilFeF8AHMw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/27/2018", "text": "I've been on the hunt for the best bun bo hue in the Twin Cities and finally found it!  Also love their vermicelli noodle salad.  I've been here a couple of times and have had great service no matter how busy they've been.  Their parking lot is usually full, but there's plenty free off-street parking."}, {"review_id": "SMaZmLwhXtIHl218UKtbkw", "user_id": "RWtzxCCIKxFQg9wIkhxSjg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "10/30/2017", "text": "This place is located at the end of Eat street. There's a small parking lot in front and at certain times, you can park in the lot for the dental office next door. It was absolutely packed but we got seated fairly quickly. I got the shrimp and pork with rice noodle pho and I was not impressed. I think I had about 1/4 of it and stopped. There just wasn't a lot of flavor and I wasn't a huge fan of the broth. However, everyone else who ordered pho seemed to love it. However, the pad Thai is amazing! I would come back for that. Great portions and price. The shrimp were huge and grilled to perfection. The service is lacking because they are so busy but our server thanked us over and over for waiting so patiently. The spring rolls are really good too! They are soft and come with a delicious sauce. I would suggest the shrimp and pork ones!"}, {"review_id": "Ylq03yCrZpXEKOaQezyo8A", "user_id": "JYuL0XXn33PoJOD5RHXD_g", "rating": 2.0, "date": "5/1/2018", "text": "Food was okay and has become westernized, but the staff are rude! The cashier lady is so unfriendly and looked like she didn't want to be there. I would not go back to Quang."}, {"review_id": "0Y_fDN98XrbYaNWvRC1U0A", "user_id": "UhqOOSxQroVbG6sfTdq6Hg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/29/2017", "text": "Quang is my favorite Vietnamese food in Minneapolis. The food is always delicious, consistent, and fast.  I prefer to get takeout as I don't think the service is always that great, but will eat in if I'm going out in the area afterwards. Its always busy, which is also a good sign.I haven't had anything I didn't like on the menu, but my favorites are the spring rolls, pho, and bun vermicelli noodle bowls.  The banana bread is also delicious for dessert.  Portions are pretty large, so don't be surprised if you have leftovers."}, {"review_id": "2UK8baWhror8QlOqSEepHA", "user_id": "9BN485n21MmNYalEWIXm4Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/10/2018", "text": "This place is fantastic, and probably one of my favorite Vietnamese spots ever (maybe I'll change my mind when I finally visit Vietnam).I ordered the bun bo hue and the shrimp/pork summer rolls. The bun bo hue just screamed flavor, it was amazing. It is super gingery and I love that. The beef was ridiculously tender, the broth was so beefy but all the subtle spice flavors trickled through, and the carrots were soft but not mushy. I'm also a big fan of the round rice noodles and those were cooked perfectly. The portion size is huge! This dish is a spicy one but not overwhelming spicy that covered all the other flavors. Just spicy enough to give a kick.The summer rolls were good, but the rice paper was a little too chewy. I asked for hot oil in addition to the peanut sauce and oh my! Their hot oil is on point!! So much spice flavors and has a kick. Definitely went well with the summer rolls. I usually also put hot oil in my noodles but the bun bo hue didn't need any extra kick for me.I was only visiting for a trip, but if I lived in the area, I'd totally be hitting this spot up at least once a week. Parking can be a little difficult since the place is huge and it's always packed around meal time. Service is okay -- you have to work to get someone's attention after they've already brought you your food. You pay for your meal upfront at the counter.Definitely recommend and I would definitely come back next time I'm in town."}, {"review_id": "b5GrqpjvMa7JfAWvkn42gQ", "user_id": "N7fyvpt4mPV59twpgfg_xA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "7/23/2017", "text": "I was visiting Minnesota for the weekend and had a craving for Vietnamese food, as always. After searching on Yelp, I was able to find this restaurant - good reviews and it was kind of in a little Viet town so why not? Upon walking in, the place was pretty packed on Sunday morning. We were seated pretty quickly given that it's a spacious restaurant. My family members and I were all able to order something we each wanted. Menu has a wide variety of your traditional dishes. One thing I noticed was that their pho broth was very flavorful - simple and clean. I was able to try many other dishes too since my family members all got something different. I loved it! The portion sizes were big too! I was so full - didn't have space for the dessert (che) that I had intended to when I first walked in. Another thing I really liked was the mini snacks/dishes they have at the entrance : baos, rice plates, etc. Though I was unable to try, they smelled and looked appealing. Service here was good too! Busy so it was slightly lacking, but I totally get it. I highly recommend !"}, {"review_id": "TbrZygev6eK6CnHHEf9qsA", "user_id": "-SG4RsYUN8Ho366mn63bng", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/16/2018", "text": "The food was pretty decent. We ordered a variety of things. Only thing in regards to flavor that I was disappointed in was the chicken wings appetizer. It didn't taste like anything special and was a little bit salty. Very good portions for the price though. I couldn't even finish my soup! Staff was fairly friendly as well."}, {"review_id": "oqfjALFA5eLCCDBIHrtd2A", "user_id": "3CP7H_M5PcC-4VDYylEJXw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/10/2017", "text": "This is the place to go for pho. It's constantly busy. Their food is consistent as is their service. As busy as they are, their service is fairly good. Just have some patience and understand that there are a tons of tables that are there for the same reason you are.Quang's is an easy choice for a go-to pho spot. There are plenty of other spots in the city, but if you're with a big group this is definitely the place you want to be. They will accommodate easily. The pho is always a good option. It's probably not quite like the homemade you grew up with, but it's consistent and it's good. The spring rolls and chicken wings are great appetizers. The bun bo hue is also good...as is their vermecelli salad with grilled pork chop (sometimes I get it with the pork and egg rolls). The entire street (Nicollet) is littered with Vietnamese restaurants, but like I said...they are definitely tops when it comes to consistency and quality. They have great banh mi sandwiches and baos to go. They have special soups that are only served on the weekends.TLDR: check it out if you haven't already"}, {"review_id": "5iaVSlsZpp1HHzgXPBiQFw", "user_id": "AuDirIAu-nCjEjQCJQ9sMg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/1/2018", "text": "Note: Writing Review from perspective of being a new vegan and having to try out all my favorite restaurants with a new lens.I ordered the #512 Hu Tieu Chay Noodle Soup Bowl without tofu and with rice noodles.  Pros:Clearly called out as vegan on the menuAmazing taste. Like seriously really good.Lots of veggies. Many restaurants skimp on the veggies in soup/curries when you don't get the tofu. Not here, and I didn't even have to ask for extra.Cons:Wish they had a fried veggie spring roll option instead of just an egg roll."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/quang-restaurant-minneapolis?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]