[[{"review_id": "wWGygsD3IKgwkQVNrjfXWw", "user_id": "VtqkDf7GDTrrYbOXJ8Fblw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "Definitely in my top 10 to visit.  This authentic Italian food is home made goodness.   I think I gained 5 lbs just standing in line inhaling the sweet aromas of the Italian bakery but when the line moved to the huge selection of pasta salads I had to hold back and not purchase for I would not be able to eat all the food I desired.   I decided to save room for the main course.   My choice was chicken parmesan and it was plenty.   The restaurant is set up like cafeteria style.  You wait in line,  grab your tray and make your selections then go upstairs to eat.   Be sure to check out all the great historic pictures on the walls.  If you live in the area stop off at the Italian  grocery inside the restaurant and bring home a little bit of Italy for rest in the week. Service eas great,  pricing was moderate and atmosphere was home like."}, {"review_id": "KuAUI7Yy0jJebI5FJgODRw", "user_id": "ZKr4YuXdzq41sVk-_29k-w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/23/2018", "text": "A must-eat for the Twin Cities, this place has Lin been a family favorite to the point that I forgot to ever give it a glowing review. Cossetta's is fast, casual Italian served cafeteria style so it's great for a quick dinner, but it's often times very busy!They have a free parking lot which makes city parking a lot easier when you visit! Next door is their market and dessert shop too which are both great. The spearmint gelato there is one of my favorite things to eat.As for the entree food, their pizza is fabulous. Is classic and greasy and a bit basic, but so good! Basically everything is good but if you're an Alfredo junkie don't miss out on their tortellini and their cossetta's salad is my mother's favorite salad, possibly anywhere. The price too isn't bad at all around $10 for a dish of pasta to eat in or take out. If you haven't you have to eat here."}, {"review_id": "JrHX4LZHPMvHe2esI8BSNQ", "user_id": "iH7HyTWyp46IGw2PDV2B-w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/12/2018", "text": "Interior: Classic. Vintage. Fancy. Clean. Food: Haven't been disappointed! Good price for good portions of food. I've only ordered the Tortellini and Rigatoni here. My boyfriend really enjoys their Lasagna. I usually go for the desserts and always have to order their traditional cannoli whenever I stop by. All their desserts are also so pretty! Their* mango mousse is so creamy. Their macaroons are tasty and pretty high quality. Gelato is pretty good here also. I really like the pistachio flavor. The chocolate one is really rich, though. I can go on forever with the desserts. I just love trying new things here! Service: Quick."}, {"review_id": "AdOxXFq5WZ85rvdlILBRqA", "user_id": "iCYMf_sHRevmzWg8la-LVw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/9/2018", "text": "First stop when I landed in MN for lunch. Huge array of goods left and right.  My friend loves their lasagna, and I had a bite and it was really tasty! I decided to go with the chicken parm and it wasn't too heavy at all. Perfectly fried and reheated. Both come with a side of mostaccioli which is such a simple dish but addicting! The breadstick is super duper oily but so so good! Inhaled the whole thing!We then checked out the market and then bakery. Picked up some macarons, and they are not the french ones I am used to so had a crunchier harder taste, not to my liking.Very affordable food here, huge portions!"}, {"review_id": "CjJnoZKM3sBKK8Y20OW0Ng", "user_id": "ZJM3ED1GCpkEUQQARgJs6g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/2/2018", "text": "OH MY GOSH!  I honestly don't even know how to begin to describe the transcendent nature of experiencing the beauty that is Cosettas.  Maybe kicking off this review with my bias is a good start (not evident from that first sentence...clearly).  So being a hockey fan from the great state of Minnesota, I've frequented the Xcel Energy Center quite a few times, whether that be postseason college hockey, the state high school hockey tournament, or a Wild game.  Almost everytime that I would go to a game there with my family, we would eat at Cosettas (it's about a block and a half away from the arena).  Every time I visit, that first bite of food brings back all the feels of childhood.  So please consider that I am extremely biased in my review, but I hope my bias does not stop you from experiencing this wonderful establishment.Cosetta's is a cafeteria-style restaurant, so you pick up and pay for your food before finding a table.  Note that there are two separate lines: one for pizza, and one for pasta (but you can get pizza at the end of the pasta line).  The most recent renovation opened up some tables downstairs, but the majority of seating is upstairs.  It will get very crowded if there's an event going on at the X, so be aware of that. From reading the reviews, I'm glad to see that you can't go wrong with any of the options because in all the years I've been going, I have gotten the same thing every single time: the Mostaccioli con Ricotta (which comes with garlic bread) and a slice of pizza.  Their pizza slices are HUGE, so I always come with an appetite, but unless you're extremely hungry, I would choose one or the other (my suggestion would be the Mostaccioli).  I would say the Mostaccioli is Cosetta's signature dish, and there's a good reason why.  The moment the combination of pasta, ricotta cheese, tomato sauce, and grease touches my tongue..it's the best kind of nostalgia a guy could ask for.  The prices are extremely reasonable, but the main reason to come here is for the atmosphere and the delicious Italian food.This is a MUST visit restaurant in St. Paul.  If you bring up Cosetta's with anyone from the Twin Cities...I can almost guarantee they will instantly start to salivate at the thought of Cosettas.  I know I'm pretty biased here...but it doesn't get much better than Cosetta's."}, {"review_id": "7XI6vZrRg6D4QBwY-FBGPw", "user_id": "U0Ktrfuj-HqtgtoupfsOMg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/30/2018", "text": "Cossettas is a place you'll want to walk around in and take laps before you decide what you want. The options are almost endless with pizza, pasta, other hot entree options, salad, pastries and gelato. The pizza is just what you'd expect from a great hand tossed pie. Nice chewy crust with fresh toppings you can order by the slice or whole pizza. Also, after your meal, stop by the bakery. I grabbed a bomboloni which is basically a mini filled donut that had thick but not too rich chocolate filling similar to pudding"}, {"review_id": "ox-zK4705ECU_d7EkZGleQ", "user_id": "-foIP_JKiHcomkmI_M-8GA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/4/2018", "text": "Everything, and I mean everything, is stellar in this deli. You name it. Salads, pastas, hoagies, pizza, chicken parmesan, meatballs, sausages, canoli, tiramisu, gelato, it's endless. My heart belongs to the Cossetta salad with prosciutto, gorgonzola, and a classic italian vinaigrette. Immediately following my long standing love affair continues with the mostaccioli. It's simply a beautiful red gravy with a romano cream sauce. Add a meatball or sausage if you like. The pizza is a gigantic slice of heaven. I always go for classic pepperoni but everyone says the sausage is the best choice. I've been relishing this deli and grocery since I was a young adult. It was my first taste at what really good traditional Italian food should be.  My little Midwestern palate embraced it as if I came from a long line of Geno's, Guilia's, and Giusuppe's."}, {"review_id": "xomkNCHNFIPkzYZKlR7dAQ", "user_id": "QzKsj5diQ-NqAG60kfHuwQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/17/2018", "text": "You cant go wrong withCossetta's cafeteria style of serving food.  I loved being able to just pick and choose my food right away. They offered several options from salads to lasagna.  I ended up getting the tortellini (which I highly recommend!) And a slice of pizza.  This was more than enough to share between my fiance and I.  I opted to have bacon bits on my tortellini but I wish I hadnt because it was too salty for my liking. I wasn't a huge fan of the pizza though,  it was too bland for my liking but it's different from what I normally like.  Everyone else in my group seemed to like the pizza though.  I would definitely go back for the tortellini and want to try their fresh salads next time!  Parking was also a breeze as they had their own parking lot. This is a nice solid place for some Italian food and you can't go wrong with the fun atmosphere here."}, {"review_id": "SndwPejGd3_SYf2YWpCQcA", "user_id": "L5cpe_G5WeJzQmSBdOuCZA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "Loved the mostaccioli and garlic bread with the chicken parmigiana! So delicous. The only thing taking a star away is the portion size.. it could be larger portions."}, {"review_id": "_HgF_M6En0ZtCWJ23g7dpQ", "user_id": "fxUn9wMgttCCevpy36L3-g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/2/2018", "text": "Wow.Wow...WOW! This place is incredible! Italian food just warms my soul; it reminds me of my mom's home cooking as a child. It's hearty, comforting, and so delicious - everything you could want, especially on a cold day (which unfortunately is at least half of the year in the great state of Minnesota. I only came here because of a friend's recommendation (Thanks Kai-glad I was Cossetta worthy), and it really was just on a wim too. I didn't know what I was walking into when I walked through the door.When you walk into Cossetta's, you kind of get overwhelmed because of how much is around you. There's lines, a buffet style serving station, and multiple areas to get different foods. My fiance' and I decided to share a slice of pizza, share an entree of three cheese tortellini (which comes with garlic bread), and a can of soda. That order right there is the perfect sharing amount for two-I would absolutely recommend it. After you pick up your order at each of the stations (which also makes this place awesome-you don't have to wait for them to cook it) you go up to the register, pay for what you have, and then find a seat at the two story restaurant. Water, napkins, and to go lids are at various locations around. It's great for families, gatherings with friends, and really anyone on an empty stomach. Even better, you can eat here for less than $20 for two!Would recommend:Cheese and Pepperoni PizzaThree Cheese Tortellini ***And also their dessert shop and store inside the restaurant."}, {"review_id": "aCaLqjB99GEuztW61qPaig", "user_id": "8YsmQ5gunv4rcNZLLuHV0Q", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/7/2018", "text": "I wanted to love this place. After all of the people telling me I had to come here, I really, really wanted to love it. Everyone I was with had various pasta dishes and the chicken parmigiana; it was all just okay. Very greasy and mediocre quality. Originally, I was going to give Cossetta's two stars but it is fair to say you get what you pay for at this place. The prices are really good and, considering you pay a couple of bucks more than you would for a freezer meal, which is in line with the quality, I can't complain."}, {"review_id": "wwEz5bw1UnSMtYeMhBTFeA", "user_id": "I-LkdS5Mlnj5H1Blj9a4zg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/17/2018", "text": "I like the casual cafeteria style service they have here - you go in and there are 3 lines to choose from (deli, pastas, and pizza). The food isn't the most amazing Italian food I've ever had, but it's decently priced. The bakery next door on the other hand, has the cutest baked goods ever. I haven't gotten to try anything besides the gelato (which is delicious!) but honestly, I could eat with my eyes at this bakery. This place is definitely an experience that's worth trying, and a very nice casual date place!"}, {"review_id": "5EHGWm49Q0hJEDq4NU1KXA", "user_id": "YkDKDbtj1BRaZ6KYOgv9dw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/16/2018", "text": "I love everything about Cossetta! I love the food, I love the cafe, I love the store. Everything here is delicious, so you really can't go wrong here! When you are here, get some pastries! The dessert here are so delicious you will be trying to come here all the time like me. The coffee is also equally amazing, especially when enjoying it with your cannoli!"}, {"review_id": "Js_Ustcbs4t1czD5wdo3jA", "user_id": "mbe2pKmwIg4pO5FFITkpRQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "My wife said she had been here before so we went with the family. It is cafeteria type food retrieval. You can order salads, sandwiches, pasta, and pizza. There 8s a lot of seating upstairs.  My veal parmigiano was delicious. After, we stopped at the bakery part and got some treats. The chocolate cannoli are very good."}, {"review_id": "gXkGipXxEeYEkK2Wpq7IIg", "user_id": "DqKKPT9KYXiyJJsWGXRUhA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "10/12/2017", "text": "Cossetta is a pretty neat place to visit, just to experience the atmosphere and all they have to offer. It's an Italian cafeteria-style marketplace; within it, you can find a bakery, a market that sells many Italian goods, and a large cafeteria that specializes in all foods Italian - pastas, salads, pizzas, hot and cold sandwiches, canolis, etc.You get in line and grab a tray and as you walk around, you are able to order all sorts of different types of foods. It's easy to get carried away as you're walking through the line and lay your eyes on all the delicious foods; everything adds up pretty quickly, price wise.I find that their food is decent. It's not crazy unique or mouth-watering delicious, but it's good for the price (with good portions). All of their seating is upstairs and provides great views of downtown St. Paul with floor-to-ceiling windows. Definitely a neat place just to visit and experience."}, {"review_id": "6-pv5NXsHWOc5czZF1DNBw", "user_id": "kHOXbk5l-zM9WKItvDaKfQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/9/2018", "text": "Speaking as a Bostonian who knows good Italian food, this is where to get your simple but delicious Italian fix. Portions are huge (you get a side of pasta with your lasagne, easily 2 meals), and it's fun to look through their marketplace too. I've picked up pizza dough there a couple times and I've always been happy with the quality. Nice big area to sit upstairs too, and when weather is warmer it's fun sitting outside on the balcony."}, {"review_id": "zVkPDeXmHCTvpHvAHByOUg", "user_id": "PkZxYqw3EG_WssA2KTKSpw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/15/2018", "text": "WARNING: this review may be gushy due to my love for Cossettas. I remember going here as a little kid and loving the smell, the experience and the entire atmosphere of Cassettas. I was so excited when my friend suggested going after the St. Paul Carnival. Not only do you get hit with a glorious Italian smell when walking in the door, but you get excited to look at all the options and delicious food you get to devour. I went for both pasta and pizza (carboloading at its finest) because of I truly couldn't pick between the two. I got the delicious cheese stuffed tortellini sprinkled with bacon and the pepperoni pizza. It was hard to stop eating once I started, as it melts in your mouth leaving you craving for more.After devouring all of my food, I remembered why I loved Cossettas so much as a kid and even more now as an adult. I hope everyone reading this goes straight to Cossettas, because you wont regret it!"}, {"review_id": "IoOpMemZbu3YFUkYDeBOSA", "user_id": "R05FpCjCrL1cd6TDAjJxLw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/12/2018", "text": "I love Cosettas the selection of impoted Italian meats in the Deli would be enough to keep me coming back. That's not all they have, the patisserie is not only visually stunning but every thing I've tried had been delicious. If your looking for a tasty slice of pizza, or a yummy Italian sausage sandwich this is the place. Not to mention the pasta. You can get all the ingredients to make your own pizza at home from crust to cheese, they have fresh lasagna noodles, and trust me when I say once you've tasted them you'll never want to use the dry stuff again. I get my anchovies there as well. They have free parking, but it can get pretty busy. Especially on days when there is an event at the ecxcell center. They always have an attendant. To direct you where to park."}, {"review_id": "ErKpHkqx0DGnvcrpb7dYcQ", "user_id": "iBhjhnk2klRkru6qGPnu0w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/20/2017", "text": "Cossetta's is a must visit for all things-Italian. It is a historic landmark and one of the places that to try if your exploring St. Paul, Minnesota. This review is more so for their pastries, but I also enjoyed the food court style entrees for dinner as well. You will find authentic pastries crafted by pastry chefs who have studied abroad in France and Italy. There are so many to choose from vanilla cannoli, apple danish, to more mainstream desserts such as the red velvet cake or macaroon. I am all things mango, so my go-to is usually Mango Mousse under the category of 'Pasticceria Cossetta'. This treat is beautifully crafted with its roundness and smooth texture. I am not a big sweets person, so it is great to have the balance of the added strawberry, raspberry, and blueberry that top this mousse off. Be warned as each bit will melt in your mouth and make you linger and at a state of happiness. In addition to this, I usually chase the mousse with a vanilla macaroon and freshly squeezed orange juice. Cosetta's is great and their pastries and drinks are never a bad thing especially after a hot summer day in the Twin Cities. Next time, I will be sure to try their more Italian pizzas and pastas the next time I visit!"}, {"review_id": "Yh954U-L2bX-5Vrt38aFaA", "user_id": "cp0Ewax31Qga_OM9qE7iDA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "This is a phenomenal restaurant and the grocery store. It's actually two restaurants. If you love Italian, you're going to love this restaurant! I do and will be back many times now that we know about it!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/cossetta-alimentari-saint-paul?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]