[[{"review_id": "K9Yjn2P56yzxwSxl0l4h4Q", "user_id": "Fy3HO7FpICiVhe_RSPPZ_Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/12/2018", "text": "3 of us are in town for Mayo work.  We always look for good, local, and well reviewed restaurants. I saw Terza Ristorante on yelp and decided we would at least try it.  Service was outstanding, drinks were perfect, wine selection was nice, and main courses done perfectly with respect to flavor, quality, and presentation.Definitely 5 starsI'm Italian, so an Italian restaurant that I'm paying for had better be good"}, {"review_id": "tkC8Vcw94nMmKVcR6-5S5Q", "user_id": "mkhbkAW0Ua4_7c7IKCOxMQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/16/2018", "text": "Ordered the Pappardelle Grilled Chicken and $4 Chicken Meatball with the garlicky cream sauce.Here's what you should do. Order 2 $4 Chicken Meatballs (or throw in a sausage) and order a side of pasta. Ask the server to cover the pasta in that garlicky cream sauce. Now, let your mouth water..... The meatballs are delicious.The Pappardelle Grilled Chicken was SO blah. No-taste grilled chicken. No-flavor house-made wide noodle (Pappardelle). A hodge-podge of veggies. A chicken-soup-like peppery sauce is uninspiring....blah....Borderline \"bad\" especially for the price. Friendly, smiley staff & a decent craft beer selection.Order the $4 Chicken Meatball & pasta! Enjoy!"}, {"review_id": "wTMLGBWxn9yXakQTr47Cag", "user_id": "3Eo-Sadwm7RgLAIjhDYtpQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/7/2018", "text": "This is one of my favorite restaurants in Rochester. Nice, elegant, cozy atmosphere where you can go casual or dressed up. They have good salads, handmade pasta, and solid entrees. They serve lunch and dinner and have a 2 happy hours that includes some food - one that's typical HH time and another that's later from 9-10 pm. Tried the following so far:Terza salad - nice mix of spring greens and arugula, love the light and refreshing red wine vinaigrette Jumbo chicken meatball - it's huge, almost the size of a fist. Very tasty and not dry. Choice garlic cream or red sauce or can get it with both sauces half and half on each side or have both sauces mixed. Both sauces are great. The cream sauce is slight chalky because of the parmesan or some other cheese that's been added in. Great deal at HH for $2 each. Calamari - crispy and tender, nicely fried, lemon aioli was delicious, great HH deal Chicken piccata - chicken was tender and moist, lemon butter sauce was delicious and went well with the angel hair pastaWalleye Milanese - one of the most delicious and best prepared walleye I've hadGrilled chicken with port wine pappardelle - chicken was moist and grilled perfectly, the pappardelle could be a bit thinner Tiramisu - it's was OK, wish the lady fingers were soaked in more alcohol and coffee My favorites have been the Terza salad, jumbo chicken meatball, walleye milanese, and chicken piccata. Heard the steaks served at dinner are really good, so would like to try sometime. If I could eat every meal here while in town, I would."}, {"review_id": "ywggf4QzQBCGagFlvVC4Gw", "user_id": "OY1PwbIbNvm_rALKna9noA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "Lasagna was such yummy comfort food. Very flavorful rich deep flavors. Could not believe it was meatless and had so much flavor. Serving was definitely big enough for 2. Like that they let you order a meatball with it because it's meatless."}, {"review_id": "3T7Vc9x2cxX9wu0HXUj4qA", "user_id": "qZeX1ZZkN7DXk10keuGOhg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/12/2018", "text": "Terza is what I would refer to as casual fine dining. The restaurant is beautiful and rustic with exposed brick and delicate lighting inside. It's perfect for a special occasion, date night, or a meal with old friends. You could be dressed up, although you would feel right at home in a pair of jeans and a shirt. There's a very relaxed environment, that seems to cater to anyone's needs. If you're going for dinner, I'd recommend making a reservation, which is easy to do on Open Table. They have a wide selection of appetizers, yet we settled on the charcuterie plate. It was a very generous serving for two, and was served with a side of break and olive oil. The poached pear salad is my favorite salad this year. The pears are subtly sweet, while the figs add a layer of texture and sweetness, balanced by the tartness of the buttermilk dressing. It is a must-have palate cleanser!The lobster tagliatelle was rich, yet light. There was a generous portion of lobster, which isn't always the case at other restaurants service dishes with lobster. The pasta, which is made in house was light and airy. The sausage and peppers polenta is a great dish for someone looking for something bold. The polenta has a great texture, and the sausage was spicy and full of flavor. It's tomato based and spicy, so choose wisely if it's late at night."}, {"review_id": "ayLiYvtv8Lx4XS46drUu5A", "user_id": "M3kHuAdBwP6gmVem7bEJWg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "I usually really like this place, but was so disappointed on our last visit.  I ordered the wedge salad, so was expecting crisp iceberg lettuce, with blue cheese dressing sliding down the edges, lovely crisp bacon and plump/juicy tomatoes.  Instead, I got a plate of limp romaine tossed in blue cheese dressing,  strewn with prosciutto ham fried to bb hard little pieces and limp sun dried tomatoes.  Yuck!I almost never send a dish back, but this one I did.  The waitress said, \"this is our chef's take on a wedge salad.\"  Which totally makes me lose confidence in the chef.  Don't mess with a classic."}, {"review_id": "XgBe5IILwJiAZ624V-s3dg", "user_id": "btdMwcbzwNPbsCcI-cLl4g", "rating": 1.0, "date": "1/17/2018", "text": "This place is honestly the worst. Bad service and bad food. My two friends and I came here last summer and ordered a few pizzas. The restaurant was near empty but we still waited a good 20 minutes for a table. When we were finally seated, our waitress disappeared for another 20 minutes, no water or menus in sight.When she finally came back, we placed our orders for 3 (extremely mediocre) pizzas. They were actually ready relatively quickly, but came out soggy and bland. Not the absolute worst I've had, but close to it.Later, we asked for the check and for our food to be boxed up. The check took atrociously long to arrive (about half an hour) and while my friend and I had received our boxed food, my other friend still did not have hers. She gestured to another waiter who flagged our waitress, and she came back and said that they had NO CLUE WHERE HER PIZZA WAS. Haha what? Is this a joke? At this point we were so fed up with everything that we just decided to leave, but not before we turned our heads and saw the entire waitstaff in the semi-open kitchen EATING what looked like her leftover pizza. IS THIS REAL?! We were appalled. I actually still can't believe this happened, my goodness. Will never ever return and will urge others to do the same.On another unrelated note, I had a glass of wine at the rooftop bar La Vetta and it was just fine. We wanted to use the igloos but they were out of commission given recent city news and I do commend the owner on the courteous and community-oriented decision behind all this."}, {"review_id": "ngPiTY6Aw2o2R8Xu9AbsOw", "user_id": "iX1twhrWpr25DuLnwCiO8Q", "rating": 3.0, "date": "12/11/2017", "text": "So my wife decided to take me on a local date and she choose one of the only Rochester restaurants I've yet to go to . So I had no expectations upon arrival . We to La Vette on the roof . On this night they have igloo like domes on the roof to allow the enjoyment of eating outside in the winter . They were heated by ice fishing heaters which kept them decently warm . This is a very original idea but the reality is it really doesn't work for the food concept. We made reservations at 8 and finally were in our igloo by 830 . The restrictions are as follow . A minimum of $150 dollar be sent for each group  up to 8 people for a 2 hour max time slot . When we arrived to our igloo we were surprised to a lounge table instead of an dining table . Kinda made the experience awkward and uncomfortable. We ordered drinks which overall were the highlight of the evening . We ordered some appetizers the charred corn dip stuck out the most but I wasn't amazing. Slightly spicy and the flatbread was cold . I also order the terza salad . This consisted of field greens and pickled pepper and grated Parmesan . Basic!Lastly I ordered tortellini with tomato sauce and sweet peas . I asked to hold the Prosciutto.  I expected to received a bit more with the modification but I not only finished it in about 2 minutes because of the size is was almost cold because of the long delivery time from going inside to outside.In the end this concept is great for a group to enjoy drinks with but I'd not add much food to the Equation. The service was good for the amount of hassle he had to endure . We will be back but next time I'll eat downstairs.."}, {"review_id": "S3SP4U5ljfI9t9zvvqEhTQ", "user_id": "nx0DNXrPW05sYVX90S03Tg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "Seriously the best restaurant in town- darn good food.  Wide variety of options, all cooked to perfection.  We had reservations and were promptly seated.  Our server had personality plus.  Wide knowledge of menu and could answer any question.  Chef came out after the meal to thank us for coming.  Not your average restaurant by far.      Best calamari appetizer I have ever eaten.  I ordered the half Cornish game hen served Hunter cacciatore style.  It was awesome.  Another member of our dinner party ordered the duck, it was cooked to perfection with cracklings.  Everything is served Ale' a cart. You have option of just the main dish, soup/ salad or exactly what you want. While it can be a bit more costly, you find yourself stuffing food in your face you didn't really want as an accompaniment.  The tiramisu dessert is a must to close with.  They also have an extensive selection of wines that pair perfectly."}, {"review_id": "I4Kb7N8KfrX_4dFldGAtZQ", "user_id": "dMwwIMqfQC3_hyXoRQCHMQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "12/1/2017", "text": "I wanted to love this restaurant.  Sitting in a space age plastic dome on the roof of Terza on a chilly November night with icicle lights twinkling was great.  There was plenty of room in the dome for 8 people.  Our server was very personable and attentive.  The atmosphere was 5 Star, the food...not so much.  The prosciutto and fig pizza on the appetizer list was a standout; with prosciutto, arugula, figs, and cheese it was well liked by all.  The taleggio and wild mushroom pizza and the Margherita pizza, although tasty, weren't up to the taste profile of the prosciutto and fig.  The wine list offered a nice variety, and the happy hour special shaved a few dollars off each glass.  Things fell apart with the entrees.  Nobody at the table particularly loved their entree, and you can't get bread with your meal on the roof (even if you offer to pay extra for it).  The linguine and shrimp was so over sauced that the dish was overpowered, which was a disappointment as the pasta is handmade.  It was also a relatively small portion for over $20 and the shrimp were few and super sauced.  I loved the rooftop domes, but it would not be a first choice dinner spot."}, {"review_id": "nTH6guq0DlqIJL3A8AsFBg", "user_id": "Lpfj2pGbr0jcwqPYLrmDMw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/11/2017", "text": "Update: Photo has since been removed. Continue to go to this restaurant for good service and great food. Original Review: I've been here three times. Food is tasty and varied, service is good to great. My primary complaint is one of their wall hangings. A photo of a bunch of men gawking at a woman as she walks down the street is tasteless. She is clearly uncomfortable, and they are amusing themselves at her expense. Remove the photo and you'll get 5 starts from me."}, {"review_id": "6Krgj3EJ1Vniiomox7pe4A", "user_id": "SPmaZWRB_6RqSifoMw4dsg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "7/14/2017", "text": "The food and ambience are great.  You can not go wrong with any of the pasta dishes. The ravioli, paccheri, gnocchi and meatballs are some of my personal favorites. Some of the pastas are homemade, but not all of them. The ambience is nice for an evening out or dates.  Outside seating is right on the road and can be a little noisy. You can also go up to the terrace for great views however the food is first come, first serve.  The staff are friendly and helpful."}, {"review_id": "rFzZqT-V6oP9GCmFi12sow", "user_id": "ZqB271uTh0KrrbIL5bzCqw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/10/2018", "text": "Had a great meal at Terza. Ordered Chicken Piccata which was amazing and fresh tasting ( with capers and broccolini. It was also a very generous portion ( which I gladly finished :)) If there is one thing to change about the meal is that the chicken was topped with some butter ( slightly too much for my taste) but otherwise was great. The atmosphere is nice. Not too fancy but not too casual. The service was excellent. My server ( Corey) was great. Very personable and helpful. Gave me tips about different places to eat/ things to do in Rochester. I will definitely go back during my stay here."}, {"review_id": "A28GjL2vIKiFZCVQ4pMFwQ", "user_id": "NwT-2InoGS-0rXRc6badUg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/2/2017", "text": "This is one of the best places in the town to eat. It has very nice seating and a great bar. The servers at the bar are very friendly and their service is very fast. I ordered crispy calamari and it was very delicious. The sauce along with the calamaris had a very cheesy and unique taste to it. I also had grilled chicen & pesto pizza which was also nice - their crust was very thin and fresh. I ended up having tiramisu for dessert and it was the best part of the meal."}, {"review_id": "tw-PxBzQpn7-E1PVjEtZ7Q", "user_id": "zvXSB5-aulPD-GIRzRy7_A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/4/2018", "text": "Love Terza. We often sit in the bar and take advantage of their happy hour. A spot in the back where you can watch the cooks work is also fun. Their homemade pasta is amazing. There is a giant chicken meat ball on the appetizer menu that is great for a small meal. Pair it with a salad or like my husband order one with lasagna. The bar service was really good. Lately it has been a bit spotty but most of the time we have had very good experiences with the waitstaff. People here seem to be proud of their restaurant and invested in making dining there a great experience. It is a bit pricey but there are options for all budgets especially during happy hour."}, {"review_id": "p22Fm59HtfWk80BaKtIm7w", "user_id": "JhFUp6FN2YrjFzwVarv2OQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/13/2018", "text": "If you want authentic Italian food then you come here their restaurant has a vibrant wine cellar theme to it like your in the basement of Italy. The food is so flavorful especially the authentic and original spaghetti and meatballs but they have everything including pasta, meats, and soups. The service is great the staff are so polite and friendly and if you want you can even take a look in the kitchen."}, {"review_id": "fA43CUGXuDGWdit97Na3Ig", "user_id": "5Ur54rEAXc6mv2fhXlpzGQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/13/2017", "text": "Husband had a gig at Kathy's across the street and we were looking for a nice, quiet dinner. Terza was great. The server provided good suggestions and service. The food was very tasty. I had their wonderful gf pasta and my husband had the chicken parm. Excellent meal."}, {"review_id": "QogdaLBBbWOiwsTsIhgyVg", "user_id": "ylX5o1AbaCv73DkPRHsdCA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/7/2018", "text": "Had a great meal here while visiting Mayo. We live in Chicago which is arguably the top restaurant scene in the country right now so we know good food and service. I was a little worried by reviews that mentioned inattentive service. Happily we had a great experience. Our server Jordan took great care of us and we never wanted for or waited on anything. Food was great. Enjoyed the pasta, Parmesan crusted chicken and a tasty steak appetizer."}, {"review_id": "is4wxJJGUoXNliMnHRqxzg", "user_id": "vUsjTlaWNk-p5I-EsGm7eg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/7/2018", "text": "Great service and wonderful food! The tortelloni rosa was a large portion and was extremely flavorful- would absolutely order again. Other members in my party had the chicken Alfredo and the grilled chicken papardelle and thought they were delicious. We started with chicken meatballs for the table which were flavorful and large. Also, there are many gluten free options if you are dining with someone who has an allergy. We will be back!"}, {"review_id": "z-osxwpWu8HtzfQN13mhYA", "user_id": "W6dhWSEoUx2oCPoJRZoFXg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/21/2017", "text": "What a phenomenal restaurant! The location, ambience and service are fabulous! The food is excellent!They have a fantastic variety of drinks, appetizers, sandwiches, salads and main dishes. I had the tomato basil soup which was absolutely incredible. The fettuccine Alfredo with chicken was very good. The tiramisu was one of the best I have ever had. And the coffee just right.The service from start to finish was spot on."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/terza-ristorante-rochester?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]