[[{"review_id": "mPSGPId4S9vE2VhOxWi1GQ", "user_id": "gbbPmcwT66ET6xJekRsSaQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/16/2018", "text": "We stopped here for breakfast. We had no idea how great Manny's was! Our server was hilarious and very friendly. We ordered the short rib Benedict and the steak and eggs and a side of pancakes. Warning: proportions here a HUGE. We didn't finish it all. That being said the steak and eggs was perfectly cooked and seasoned very well! The short rib was tender with perfectly poached eggs. I'd definitely recommend Manny's!"}, {"review_id": "C84yWnFY1m3bZxBVd4M7DQ", "user_id": "nUMSYO5WWakcOmPcgcOlGg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Came here for the first time last night. The outside looks aren't very impressive, but I tell you, they got a very nice variety on the menu. For the first timer like me, I highly suggest that you go straight to their steak options, first on the list is the Double Porterhouse steak. I'm pretty much sure that the other options are really good, but this one is the best! Of course do not forget the Caesar Salad and the Maine Lobster Cakes. You're going to love it!The service was attentive and friendly too. Our server checked on us several times to see if we need of anything and always wear a smile.Will definitely return to this place!"}, {"review_id": "K0XwhC7-XfzgMbUSiw1wsw", "user_id": "lfjCrPHiB03aLeh6DFMSLA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "If you are looking for a real \"Treat yo'self\" kinda day, I would take the plunge at Manny's. It has got to be the most expensive restaurant I have ever eaten at (and yes, I have been to other restaurants, see other Yelp reviews for my references). It's so tasty and it definitely has some of the best steak in Minneapolis. The service is unmatched. Unbelievable. It seems like some of these waiters have been through hundred of hours of training. I have never had bad service at Manny's. The reason I didn't give it five stars is because the menu is not very creative. If you go to Manny's you're going to have a steak (and if you don't, the waiter will probably give you a hard time) and you're probably going to share some family sides of mac and cheese and broccoli. Maybe that's not a reason to knock it a star but in my book, creativity is a big piece of some of my favorite restaurants. With the $$$$ Manny's costs, I would hope for a little more pizzazz. BUT it is a steakhouse, where many people come for a good steak and nothing else. And for that, Manny's has succeeded."}, {"review_id": "FOufbj_ksXIhWfZZAZyCjg", "user_id": "4bzIdyqdphtdICkst1oyPQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/16/2018", "text": "This is more a service and drink review since I didn't eat here, but just had drinks at the bar. This place was \"WOW\". It's beautiful and posh (part of the W hotel). The arrangement of the exterior area where the bar is so inviting. Gorgeous place to just relax even. An exquisite looking long bar with just tons of cushioned couches and pillows in an eclectic/contemporary style. Almost disco-ish.!We came to get drinks and the bartender right off the bat offered me to take a seat in the couch area and told me the waitress would bring our drinks over (much appreciated since I didn't know there was a waitress serving;  we came when no one was around pretty much). The waitress was good, she came over multiple times after serving us our drinks and us finishing them even though the couch area is HUGE and it had gotten busier with several groups seated around.Overall a super nice place. I only give it a 4, because the drinks weren't what I expected though they were really strong (my cousin and I were both buzzed after one drink apiece!!!) and we didn't have a chance to try the food. A very nice venue just to come relax, chill, hang out, and enjoy the moment."}, {"review_id": "RiRxZIbZ4LMktwmlNMUPig", "user_id": "PUNDNZxmTUoCXtLY_BBp-A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/12/2018", "text": "Summary: If you are a baller on a budget this is not the place for you. If you got 99 problems but money ain't one, this is the best steakhouse in Minnesota. Although I had heard much about the revered, almost myth like aura of Manny's it took awhile for me to visit because of the insanely high prices (my current college salary-aka no salary), and I am admittedly not a steak person (could never understand why such a small piece of meat was so expensive). A took a fate of good luck (giftcard) for me to finally experience the experience that is Manny's. Right off the bat, I will say that the service is exemplary. It is exactly what you would expect from servers that make more than an average MBA graduate (reportedly an annual salary of somewhere north of 100K). Although it was clear we were first-timers, I felt welcomed and was treated accordingly. With much help from our server, we finally decided on the following dishes: 1. Crab Dumplings (5/5 Stars) $26: - The absolute star of the night. Although I was originally hesitant because of my fear of fusion foods, the dish was incredible. In each dumpling, there was a large biteful of crab that melted in your mouth. Paired with the sweet puree, the dish oozed subtle, comfort food.  2. Porterhouse Steak (3/5 Stars) $65.95: - The meat was overcooked and more well done than medium, and we probably should have sent it back. Aside from the dryness/toughness of the steak from the sear, it was too salty. Tough to swallow for $65 bucks. 3. Bone-In Tenderloin (4/5 Stars) $78.95: - A little over salty as well, but a great cut of meat. Tender, chewy, and everything you would want in a steak. Again, not sure if its worth $80.4. Broccolini (1/5 Stars) $9: - Miscommunication led to us receiving broccoli instead of brocollini, nothing spectacular to report here. 5. Bally's Cake (4/5 Stars) Complimentary: - Pleasant surprise because we were celebrating a birthday, but chocolate, whip cream, alcohol, and more chocolate is usually a pretty good combination. Did not disappoint. Presentation was eye-popping, comes out with a huge knife stuck in it along with a candle. Overall, a solid experience. Won't return anytime in the near future because of the prices and my lack of an affinity for steaks. Great atmosphere and service. TIP: Tell the server if you are celebrating for a birthday to receive a complimentary Bally's Cake!"}, {"review_id": "CHBcr9pgqYWZw5tdrbQ-Zg", "user_id": "YkDKDbtj1BRaZ6KYOgv9dw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/1/2018", "text": "This is the best steakhouse in Minnesota. Coming here is like a special treat to me! Everyone needs to come here and experience this place, whether you are from here or just visiting.This place is very easy to get to. There are lot of options for parking nearby including ramps and parking lots.Omg the food. The steak here is to die for. It is always cooked perfectly and is always tender. Another thing that is awesome here is the loaded mashed potatoes and the loaded hash browns. Wow they are awesome!And don't forget to save room for dessert here! Their dessert is soooo good. You can't go wrong with any of it!Overall this place is one of my favorite place to eat in the cities. Everything they have to offer is very delicious. And not just for dinner! They have an awesome brunch here too!!"}, {"review_id": "6apw65Kas11OBK9e3eo7ew", "user_id": "X8EaFdIcMn3hYdlH0hJQ7w", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/13/2018", "text": "Manny's or Murphy's?  Well I went to Murphy's the last time I was in Minneapolis so I guess it's Manny's turn.I ordered the Porterhouse and the loaded hash browns.The hash browns were awesome and a welcome change from the standard generic steakhouse sides of loaded baked potatos, truffled mac n cheese, creamed corn etc.  I ordered the Porterhouse...then i sat listening to the bartender talk to some guys at the bar about how awesome their meat is and was pretty hyped waiting for my steak to come out. Disappointment,  the meat quality was pretty good but the way they cooked it was bleh.   There are several way to cook a steak - sear both sides on high heat then finish in the oven,  hit both sides with the broiler to get a good char then finish it at 400 degrees, high heat with a cast iron skillet and flip it once per minute etc etc.  I think the way they cooked it here was basically blast the steak in the broiler the whole time.   What this does is overcook the outer layers and leave a medium rare center.   The top and bottom layers become tough and dry.      I could be wrong but i've cooked it like this at home and it came out the same way.   Murphy's overcooked my steak too but I sent that one back and the second one was delicious. Maybe it was a fluke at Manny's and I would have gotten an awesome second steak if i sent the first one back.  Guess i'll never know."}, {"review_id": "y--xpl2XjmV7vH6l2N5oFg", "user_id": "R76K_BIxuRLoaIXmCqMm5A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/28/2017", "text": "Holy crap, I cannot believe that I have never Yelped this holy grail of steak joints.  It is an institution.  When I visit MN, I stay at the Foshay, I eat at Manny's.  Yup, I do.   But only as often as I can schedule a visit with a client.   The key word here is client, customer.    Yes, I am in sales, Yes I take clients/customers here on a corporate card.If you never do anything else in life, you gotta try the Apple Smoked Bacon.  Bacon?  WTF? For the love of god, please re-name this to Apple Smoked Bacon Slab.   The single dish has two slabs of bacon.  Thick cut, marvelous, tasty, melt in your mouth slabs bacon!!!!   I have seen grown men break down and cry when they eat this.  It is ultra amazing, you will absolutely thank me later.   Holy crap, once you inhale the whole slab of the above, there are lots of appetizer choices.  Scallops Benedict, Shrimp Cocktail (shrimp about the size of my fist), Portabello Fries - and Roasted Bone Marrow.   Roasted Bone Marrow is a treat, sounds nasty, but again, delightful, you will absolutely thank me later. Out comes the table, and the show continues, enjoy the cuts of beef, ask a lot of questions.   You cannot go wrong with any choice, but my favorites are the bone-in ribey and the world famous Bludgeon of Beef.  The last time I was there, I believe they had an 85 day bone-in ribeye.  It was to die for......So, Bludgeon of Beef.  What up with that?   50 oz. giant piece of cow.  It is hard to believe, and I have proved wrong many a nay-sayer that this cut is alway, as in 100% of the time, PERFECT.   I do not know how they do it, but you can cut it with a fork.  The seared dry rock seasoning is just spectacular.  I cannot say enough on this cut.  I only order it when I can share it, so if you are a road warrior and cannot take home a to go bag, forgetaboutit.   All the sides are family style and huge.  Asparagus the size of a tree, loaded hash browns are equally huge, mushrooms the size of hockey pucks in a savory au juice sauce........   Desert, you crazy.  Never.   Well just once, Hot Fudge Sunday and the Manny's Brownie.  Equally huge portions.   The brownie comes out with separate hot fudge and hot caramel, just to die for ------- praise the food god, where is my Zantac?My ultimate favorite restaraunt in the whole world never lets me down.   My only regret is that my gracious clients and customers get to take home the leftovers."}, {"review_id": "VAjqBBaUkxVBwNgUol0sPw", "user_id": "JyqDfAiDbtASahLea4NFjA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/12/2017", "text": "Loved my experience eating here. Kim was a delightful server.Walking into Mannys is definitely a nice feeling. Very modern, upscale, and traditionally balanced with piping red booths and dark panel wood detail. I loved that we were seated at a booth and think they are cozy and fun.The complimentary bread was nice and soft but not warm (I like warm bread but this was not a deal breaker). Our basket had a combo of pumpernickel with raisins and white bread.My friend and I shared a side of loaded hash browns with bacon on the side, broccolini and the 7 oz Manny's Eye of the Rib Eye. I had some Earl Grey tea as it was a very chilly day. The food was super tasty. The steak was medium well, juicy, and tender. The serving of hash browns was huge!!! It was so perfect, the crusty frakiness and the sour cream with melted cheese gueyness made it a sure winner. I had left overs of these hash browns for two more servings, that's how serious it was. The broccolini was a perfect side to balance out our carbs and protein. Can't wait to do lunch or dinner here again!"}, {"review_id": "aPwPbSkzF3LFBdqHAwuYIw", "user_id": "8tdpq4NS0rd9c0eyy9M2lA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/18/2018", "text": "Alright....anyone that lives in the Twin Cities (or visits) deserves a trip to Manny's.  The service is impeccable.  The steaks are perfectly prepared every time.  There is a good variety of seafood, appetizers, salads, and while they knock you back with the high steak prices, some of these other options are relatively reasonable.  That said, it is the perfect restaurant for a business dinner of 6-8 people.  My one complaint is that other than the 8 oz filet (which is my go-to) there are very limited options for those that are trying to keep their portion sizes reasonable.  The prime rib is 3\" thick and the size of a football.  It's not that everything isn't totally delicious, it's that I'd prefer a few more options that are half the size/half the price.They also have a $28 burger that should be one of your choices for your last meal."}, {"review_id": "f1G_a60O8MEhJw0aqZZ3Ng", "user_id": "58A_I-3nLRW4uLZuHK4Dqw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/9/2018", "text": "I came for breakfast at 7:30am on Wednesday. There were 2 other customers in the restaurant. Ordered coffee and steak with poached eggs and fruit. Food took about 15 minutes to come out . It was cold including coffee. Steak was chewy and over-salted. Poached ages were served in a little ramekin cup one on top of the other and were impossible to get out without braking the eggs. The portion was average. I assume most of portion size comes from the starch I didn't order. I am glad I went to a different steakhouse last night."}, {"review_id": "WnjYuyP0Ih8Jf97fIj4ffQ", "user_id": "7YXyAvDu_LGGwUVkh0QHIA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "12/29/2017", "text": "You know, I used to be a HUGE fan of Manny's but I think it's kind of gotten stale compared to the other restaurants in the Twin Cities. Went here for a work Christmas party and things were all good, but places like Giannis Steakhouse in Wayzata do the same with better food quality for a third of the price it seems. We did a Christmas party at Gianni's last year and the whole group decided that Giannis was an all around better experience. One thing that I will say was phenomenal was the 28 day aged Ribeye....it was a WOW.Pro-Tip: If you ever want to blow someone's mind with the size of a brownie...order it here."}, {"review_id": "iWcn1-z3v2sYOyjMJASPzw", "user_id": "3nqGitSzDN8cVUkvPdluAw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/25/2018", "text": "An absolute must try.  I'm excited to go back and do dinner here.  This place is rated on the top 10 steakhouses in the country.Everything we tried for brunch was SO GOOD.  Quick points:1.  Loaded hash browns - oH.  Mai. gawd.  YUmMMmMmMMM....  not to mention how absolutely gorgeous they come out served on the plate.2.  Ask the waiter to try all the 'bread' they bring out for their appetizer.  We had the apple and blueberry.  Apple was my fav.3. Their bacon on anything was UGH.maze.Balls.  4.  Our service was impeccable ...  hopefully you get the same.  5.  That whisky and scotch selection, doh'!!!!  Cheers!"}, {"review_id": "o2rdU3-rxBJPXidGHhZO-Q", "user_id": "o9eFSnUYHOis8yUelZZKIw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/18/2018", "text": "I love it here. Service is impeccable each and every time! They don't make you feel out of place, and treat everyone equally. The steaks are awesome...we had the porterhouse, bludgeon of beef, and 65 day aged bone in ribeye. I also highly recommend the bone marrow as an appetizer. If you are debating between this and Murray's, come here instead. There is nothing special about Murray's in my opinion. Definitely top 10 steakhouse in the country. Well worth the few bills dropped."}, {"review_id": "I11hYKfeDPqjTVJd7Ht93w", "user_id": "i6w1V5iPWdYKVPnZLOeLkA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/2/2018", "text": "Whoa.  This place is MEMORABLE.  It reminded me of the scene in the Flinstones when the ENORMOUS rack of ribs tips over the car..member?Anyway,  its a very high end steakhouse located on the ground floor of the W Hotel.  The thing that makes this place a bit different from the traditional steakhouse is the fun approach to dining.  Or perhaps it was just our servers?  They were very informal and funny.  They brought us drink menus and no food menus.  Instead they brought over a meat cart with raw cuts of meat for us to pick from.  They even let us take pictures with them. Anyway, they have all the staples, potatoes, vegetables, meat, wine, etc.  But EVERYTHING is enormous.  All the sides. salads and desserts are HUGE, so come with a sharing buddy or 3.  Also, if you are a local, prepare for leftovers.  We were visiting so it really sucked to waste so much food.  4 of us barely but a dent in the hashbrown which is seriously enough for 6-10 people.  Too much!Our experience was great, but I think a bit overwhelming and VERY expensive.  It was  a nice treat, but you HAVE to be really hungry and kind of have a game plan, otherwise you will be overwhelmed like we were."}, {"review_id": "H4CsORV6HqfGnufqz2hdsQ", "user_id": "o4cszatuxFlxI0IS0TtkGA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "Manny's was an amazing experience, upscale feel, more expensive but well worth the money. Our waiter was very knowledgeable and helped accommodate with severe food allergies. Best steak I've ever had!"}, {"review_id": "XkB_xtfG5i2ukTFn0uBNJQ", "user_id": "BMw60-fK1YwbmRD65VWSKA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/13/2017", "text": "I'm from Texas so I'm accustomed to big food but this food is HUGE.  Don't confuse my statement, I approve and am in awe.  I can throw it down and I'd say each dish was shareable for 2.  Doggie bag not optional kind of situation.  And sometimes when that's the case you sacrifice quality, but not here.  All the food was excellent, you can't go wrong.  Highlights, bone marrow and the brownie of the Gods.I'm a super fan of class joints like this.  In the current world of hipster trendy, it's nice to change up to put a classic steakhouse in your rotation.  Most definitely enjoyed.  Most definitely will return."}, {"review_id": "f4v007fJFR3ZltcS0uRDvg", "user_id": "YQ01_0vr9TahbQiBSr69Nw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/10/2017", "text": "A must for steak! This was my first meal in Minneapolis, as it was recommended by one of my friends who's a MN native.  And it did not disappoint.  I sat at the bar and was jokingly greeted by my server who admitted being a Packers fan after seeing me sport my Seahawks cap on!  He was a great server during my time here, and wish I remembered his name so I could give him a special shout out on here.  Everything he recommended was awesome and was very friendly.  I started with a spicy bloody mary, which was one of the best I've had!  And it even came with a Coors Light, which I must admit - I haven't drank since college so was skeptical about it; but oddly enough, it went very well with.  Loved how spicy the bloody mary was, too.  For lunch I had the Chopped Salad and added a filet with it.  The salad was comprised of grapes, avocado, walnuts, carrots and radishes, all tossed in a Green Goddess dressing.  The filet addition made the salad outstanding, with the slightly-below medium-rare cook.  I loved how light the salad was, and the bacon pieces in it were thickly-cut and smoked, which was yummy!  But the steak was the real winner here, and although it's pricey, it's worth the cha-ching.  Steak was sooo delicious, not overly seasoned and the cook was perfect.  'til we meet again, Manny."}, {"review_id": "V2VQiG-1nybSFdIf6Bzr7w", "user_id": "0hPHyaoEh78MfGcxy_0WwA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/25/2017", "text": "This is a very nice restaurant. We celebrated a tremendous college graduation at Manny's last night. Tony H. was our table manager, he had multiple servers assisting him with table support, they kept our table fresh with bread and water. We ordered steaks and sides; small and large filet minion, porterhouse, baseball steak, and NY strip. Our sides were mashed potatoes, asparagus, mushrooms, mac and cheese and bread. The food tasted great. Our group gave the staff high marks for quality of food, value, customer experience, ambiance, high mission of service and follow-through. Our expectations were high due to the costs on the menu. They offered a free dessert to help us wrap- up a tremendous evening. I was most impressed with the dedicated service, high touch, excellent suggestions on food and drink options.I recommend and will return to Manny's. Bon appetite."}, {"review_id": "hxYvj4xdLbcYZtwagbjmvw", "user_id": "EnfA5Ks2tbbIAozE_9Q3Fw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/11/2017", "text": "Quantity over quality seems to be their motto, but it it kind of fun to see the spectacleI went here for a friend's big birthday bash. We tools over three tables in the back of the main room and we feasted. Food: everything is supersized. I'm a vegeterian so I didn't try the famous meats but that's what I observed of everything. The portabella mushrooms were surprisingly very tasty and came with 2 delicious creamy sauces. The Caesar salad was nothing special. The famous shredded are tasty but they're literally hash browns. That's all. I had a tuna steak and it was way too big a portion. The quality was fine, but not exceptional considering it was $40. The brownie sundae is amazingly big and decadent as are all the desserts. That and the bread pudding were my favorite.Service: excellent. Very cordial Ambiance: classic steakhouse, with décor you'd expect as a standard in any city"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/mannys-steakhouse-minneapolis?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]