[[{"review_id": "XOSb19JElfYpVjmpktB19Q", "user_id": "IPdqZlgD8z5HB4kDGa3C1A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/30/2018", "text": "Ahhh Meritage, I'm still on cloud 9 after our dinner there last night.  What a great experience.  First off, the service was wonderful!  Peter was our server and he was just great, along with the rest of the staff, super helpful and pleasant.  The chef even stopped by our table to check in and make sure everything was great! The food, so, so good!  We had the calamari which was unique and different than I had ever had it, we loved it!  My husband said the oysters were great too.  We ordered the duck and pork cheeks for entrees and both were perfect.  And I can't forget to mention the frites!  We love a good batch of fries and these did not disappoint.  Served hot and fresh with béarnaise, could not be any better!  I honestly can't think of one negative comment, well done Meritage!  Can't believe we waited so long to stop in and we will be back!"}, {"review_id": "zV_jkIhYVjsbNmbNg3KI9A", "user_id": "YkDKDbtj1BRaZ6KYOgv9dw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/21/2018", "text": "I came here to celebrate an anniversary. It was the perfect place. It is very cute inside and perfect for a date. We got the escargot for an appetizer and it was so delicious. This was our first time trying snails so we were a little scared, but we were pleasantly surprised at how great it was! I got the swordfish and my boyfriend got the duck. Both were amazing and perfectly cooked! The meats were very tender and full of flavor.To finish off we got a chocolate mousse that was heavenly. It was the perfect size after a full meal.It is pretty easy to find parking. There are a decent amount of lots and ramps in St Paul, especially close the the restaurant.One of the best dinners I have in a long time! Some here and enjoy some great French food!"}, {"review_id": "uF6_NBZ210uSOqTpvlFRRg", "user_id": "bQCHF5rn5lMI9c5kEwCaNA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/12/2018", "text": "A sophisticated, French-inspired venue in downtown Saint Paul where old-school décor meets an otherwise bright, pleasant interior.There was a deliciously cute blond bartender when I stopped by for a quick brunch, and if that wasn't enough of a highlight, their champagne cocktails went down very nicely with some reasonably fresh, if slightly spendy, seafood like the shrimp cocktail and chilled half Maine lobster. I'd come back to try more traditional, reasonably-priced brunch items like eggs benedict and omelets, or classic dinner options like moules frites and steak au poivre.If you need a classy atmosphere for a business meal, a date, or an above-average group or family outing, then this is a solid bet. Thanks Yelpers for the great find!"}, {"review_id": "q_oyx5cnKM4FfMOXcK1XMA", "user_id": "6eC3-_eRVoXRFAScfgZL6A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/25/2018", "text": "Excellent service. Came in for Sunday brunch. Turns out brunch is Saturday and Sundays 10am-2pm. Brioche french toast was nice and rich with a fluffy eggy hint to it. Covered in a berry compote.Beignets were fresh, hot, flakey and perfect texture. Covered in just the right amount of powdered sugar.The quiche was buttery with a flaky crust. Perfectly delicate and savory.The upper Westsider. Bagel was smaller in size and not exactly soft but it paired very well with the perfectly smoked salmon. You are given a generous portion of smoked salmon with perfectly ripened tomato slices and fixings.The crepe stuffed with pears was very delicate. Served as 3 small stuffed crepes with a soft spongy exterior.Overall excellent brunch, would recommend."}, {"review_id": "Ty4lnhAQLe9vrC3OA56YKw", "user_id": "MwpKd-2qHPVyqQBfXvsV_Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/11/2018", "text": "The best St. Paul has to offer. I am always in awe with their professionalism, amazing food, great music and atmosphere. Their wine connoisseur is very knowledgeable, have extensive good wine selection. Simply the best!1. FoodFrench onion soup- hearty and tasty. Just the way I like it. Oysters- I love oysters to begin with. But finding good ones are hard and the sauce is different depending on the restaurant. I always had good experience here no matter the season. Love their bone marrow. Order it every time they have it on the menu. Never hurts to ask even if it is not on the menu. Burger- I can't believe even their burger tastes so good.Dessert- you can't go wrong here. Macarons are great, Coupe de Mousse au Chocolat.. all of them are great! I can't even choose one to recommend as all are good. If you must pick an issue, their dessert costs at least $10. 2. Wine I can't describe how extensive the selection is and most importantly how knowledgeable the connoisseur is. When the waiter was not sure, he asked their connoisseur to come out to answer a few questions I had. When they did not have the wine I asked, he suggested a different wine, but guess what? tastes almost the same as what I originally wanted. That in my book is called, expert service and expertise in what he does. I'd recommend Meritage to everyone, especially for special occasions or if you just love good food."}, {"review_id": "ybPWvIk_LtFSTNiOdo2aiw", "user_id": "fTveWxi_vfX67nfVXxSpcg", "rating": 1.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "For all the praise that I've heard about this restaurant, I was disappointed when I dined in for dinner service. Neglectful service, waited over one hour for food, and my chicken was bleeding when I cut into the thigh. The staff tried to defend the bloody chicken by telling me that the bleeding chicken thigh was in fact cooked and that it was just a vein that popped...if it was in fact cooked, it wouldn't have been bleeding when I cut into it. I told family and friends about my experience and have encouraged them to go elsewhere for future dining."}, {"review_id": "IMGp8pwX5GYrgLNV4RF80A", "user_id": "CkUCXb1gBEi87TL-QjlUqA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/23/2018", "text": "I have been wanting to go here for years but with the burgeoning food scene in the Twin Cities I always found myself opting for something newer. What a mistake! I finally went for family brunch over the holidays and I can't wait to go back to try the dinner menu and spend more time in the lovely space. It is like a little Parisian oasis with the black and white tiled floor, bistro chairs, oversized potted palms, etc. I was so smitten with this place on reporting back to the boyfriend that he is already planning on taking me here for a romantic birthday dinner :D (more to come when that takes place ). As far as pricing goes, it is on the more expensive side - up to $22 for an entree - but there were also options for as little as $9-13, so it can be more affordable depending on what you get. We started with some scones to share from the bakery which were not only lovely, but surprisingly light and fluffy while still being moist. HIGHLY recommend trying something from the bakery when here for brunch as everything is made in-house and from scratch. I believe they have a scone du jour, a rotating pastry du jour, and beignets. For an entree, I ordered the quiche du jour which happened to be asparagus, bacon, and emmentaler and it was so yummy! Like many of the brunch dishes, it came with a side of lightly dressed greens and fresh fruit which ended up being a nice, light pairing with the richer flavors and textures of the quiche. I also opted for some french press coffee and oh my it was good. And served with the cutest, most \"petit\" spoon to mix in the cream and sugar. Just one of the many details that make this place dreamy. Though I can't speak firsthand about the Eggs Florentine my dad got, it looked amazing and he said it was delicious. As for my sister's Eggs en cocotte, it WAS delicious and I will definitely order this next time. I had major food envy after trying it. For those who aren't familiar, eggs en cocotte is a french breakfast dish where you dip crusty french bread into a delicious baked concoction of soft egg, cheese, and mornay sauce (bechamel + gruyere) served in a sweet little cast iron dish (a cocotte). So, so good.If you haven't been here yet, don't put it off like I did! You are missing out. I am not convinced there is any place newer or trendier that can beat what is happening here in terms of food quality or atmosphere. Meritage is a classic and an overlooked Twin Cities gem."}, {"review_id": "7Oe7JzqzVKUoigMFdTzPLA", "user_id": "wJZPZlxc7OLLVmtF5WXN-Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/7/2017", "text": "Amazing brunch! Was transported back to France with the food, atmosphere and service. Great location and indoor space with lots of windows. I wouldn't change a single thing. Perfection...  Would love to go back for  dinner as soon as possible!If you want more details: the crepes were light in flavor and texture, the espresso was dark & smooth, the eggs en cocotte were rich and earthy with wild mushrooms I spread on chewy toasted baguette, husbo's corned beef was unlike anything I'd ever seen (see photo!) and his eyes rolled back into his head. What more could you ask for?"}, {"review_id": "uMjVtP3W1AWDZ8T-9ZdYfg", "user_id": "xxW5Y709s_Ewb4vkhscD9g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/26/2017", "text": "Delicious bar menu option on a Sunday afternoon. The chicken croissant with fries hit the spot. Fries were crunchy and salty, not too oily. The croissant was crisp on the outside and soft on the inside. The chicken salad had a hint to sweetness to it, finely pulled chicken. I will definitely go back to try their dinner menu. The po boy and tar tar was ok."}, {"review_id": "uOPKI9wgIHzNPqIWdZ2-ZA", "user_id": "-foIP_JKiHcomkmI_M-8GA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "9/14/2017", "text": "Best oysters I've ever enjoyed. The selection and freshness are worthy of bragging about. Steak tartare was ok but I'm extremely critical and rarely overly impressed by anyone's tartare with the exception of a German Grandmother's. This is when my dinner ended. Why? Well, the kitchen didn't get our entrees out in time for us to go to our show. The restaurant inquired about the possibility of needing to go to a show when I made a reservation as well as the show time. Both of those details were also verified by our server so we were shocked when 1.5 hours in we still weren't served dinner. I notified a manager and he blamed the server for not notifying the chef. Either way we left terribly disappointed and very hungry. I've been wanting to experience Meritage for years and I was pumped to finally get the chance!! A very bitter taste left in my mouth when I ironically ate nothing.****Update**** Just shortly after I wrote this review I received an email from the manager. He apologized eloquently and offered gift cards to all three members of my party. I feel vindicated and willing to accept the offer as I'm still very excited to have the wonderful experience that most people get at Meritage. Let's just chalk it up to human imperfection. (As to which I'm very familiar). I'll update again after I get to enjoy oysters and a full meal!!"}, {"review_id": "Rdpw0pZiIJ6IXJG2h8866A", "user_id": "S3nlJPj53-0SLjoAwler_w", "rating": 3.0, "date": "6/20/2017", "text": "This is a review for the bar area because I've yet to manage to make it there for a full, proper meal.I've stopped in during off-hours twice: once in the afternoon and once late night. The bar menu is quite short with only five full-size entrees available. The burger is the most common and, while it is good, I wasn't particularly wowed by it. I was wowed by the fries with a Bearnaise sauce, though! I've also had the steak tartare, which was pretty good, but again, not exceptional.I've had both cocktails and non-alcoholic mocktails here, and they've all been quality. Service is good, but sometimes can have a little...mmm, let's call it \"attitude\" if you aren't a little more dressed up, even in the bar area.Frankly, it seems the big appeal here is the oysters, which I hate. I don't know if I'll ever actually have a full meal in the dining area here, to be honest. On top of that, parking is kind of a nightmare because it's in Downtown/Lowertown St. Paul."}, {"review_id": "F_4iiIaN4UvM-j_2n_GJyQ", "user_id": "bl-tBlYw6lSInnyG7ZsPSA", "rating": 2.0, "date": "2/14/2018", "text": "Major disappointment. Stopped in for lunch on Valentine's Day and sat in the bar area. STAFF: The bartender was cold, short and unwelcoming acting as if we were an inconvenience to him. It took him a good 5 minutes if not more to throw down our menus at which point we weren't greeted or spoken to about the menu or anything else just asked what we wanted to drink. After being told nothing about the menu we decided on a dozen over-prices oysters (I'm a HUGE oyster fan and this was my primary reason for visiting) poached salmon salad and Greek chicken salad. OYSTERS: while the oysters were overpriced (I'm accustomed to paying $18 for 1/2, $36 for a dozen. Meritage charges $23 for 1/2, $48 for a dozen otherwise the oysters are priced from $3.50-$4 each), I was happy to see Meritage's large selection and descriptions of the oysters size and flavor on the oyster menu (This is important when the bartender has no interest in serving you). We decided on Beausoleils one of my favorites from the east and two I hadn't tried: Lucky Limes and Glacier Points. Glacier's while nice and big there were definitely not my thing. As I watched the shucker I couldn't help but notice the oysters we were served weren't stored in ice. Instead they were in a cooler in plastic containers which meant the oysters were not served ice cold as they should have been. The shucker also dumped the \"liquor\" out of the oysters as he shucked (super disappointing). We were served the dry oysters by the shucker who was friendly and explained the two mignonettes as well as which oysters to eat first.  FOOD: we ordered the poached salmon salad and Greek salad. Both salads were mediocre at best. The lettuce/greens were lukewarm. The chicken tasted like it was packaged, pre-made chicken and the dressing was unremarkable. I've tased better out of a bottle. The poached salmon was no better. You could get a better salad at chains like Panera or Corner Bakery. This place is not worth your time or money."}, {"review_id": "a4shqPM9iZPrA8MuT_R1cg", "user_id": "TiL4al1JxDHGEynfTa5law", "rating": 2.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "Very disappointing. First the Mimosa, too expensive for the poor quality. Besides, it was served in what ever glasses they had. Not in a flute stem glass as should be. The quality of the champagne, if it was champagne, terrible. Worst head ache ever. The Pomme frites, poor, over cooked and also with skin. In France you will not eat them with skin. The hamburgers could have been better. You can get better hamburgers anywhere. They were lukewarm. They charge 2.50 for less than an Oz. of Bearnaise sauce. Ridiculous. The quiche was dry and no flavor. Nothing to do with the real quiche, like Thomas Keller recipe. It looks like it was baked at 5 in the morning or the day before. It was reheated. Nothing was aceptable for what they say they are. No more Meritage. Stinky place. There are many excellent restaurants for a better quality and service. Matthew was very professional."}, {"review_id": "9F7RDyn7jzcE-AAQsDDYdg", "user_id": "EK9QmqMCSwFxr7qtSQzHAg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/1/2018", "text": "So I tried one of the Meritage's lunch specials, a pasta dish with a saffron sauce, sweet crab and chard. I was a bit disappointed with the cook on the pasta (Pappardelle). I always prefer al dente (what fool doesn't?), but it was too toothy for me and perhaps just 60 seconds on the cook would've made all the difference.However for what should've been a light sauce, pappardelle wouldn't have been my pasta choice, since it pairs better with more hearty sauces. The saffron sauce was a bit heavy on the salt, but the crab meat proved to be as sweet and delicate as advertised.  To Meritage's credit, I feel that they received concerns about the dish well and took half off.  I will be back again and hope for better next time."}, {"review_id": "aExSTIGMy50PNEeoCaBs0A", "user_id": "iVzC6wBXxYOaDywohfkkvQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/29/2017", "text": "Perfection, every time is how I describe my experiences at Meritage.  Their French cuisine is the best in the Twin Cities!  It is located in the beautiful Hamm building in downtown St.Paul.  Parking is not free but with big events at the arena you may find valet parking cheaper than any of the ramps.  Service is excellent and food is amazing!  Our most recent visit they had 18 different kinds of oysters.  We also like their mussels and fries and seafood is always delicious.  I particularly enjoyed the monk fish entree.  Meritage is where we go for any special occasion and I recommend reservations if it is important to you to sit in the restaurant rather than their cozy bar area.  We have enjoyed eating in the bar so if you didn't make reservations that is fine too."}, {"review_id": "7HBzrqc-XeAm_gh6JJuNHw", "user_id": "3EXSg5aZKOGJlClmN3hKxg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/25/2018", "text": "We had dinner here for the first time last Saturday and boy, was it a treat. I was a little weary at first because it is a very fancy looking restaurant and I was expecting the staff to be a little stuck up, but boy was I wrong. Everyone was so kind, from the bar tenders to the hostess. Even the lady at coat check rocked! Gotta love MN nice. Our waiter was wonderful and very tentative. Everything we ordered from the oysters to the dessert hit the spot. We enjoyed this place so much that we immediately made reservations for next Saturday!"}, {"review_id": "YC8QcmE92rzCcDbLPIyGog", "user_id": "SLbY92u3K6iAfEqUSDWWLw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/30/2017", "text": "Does Meritage need another review? Probably not, but I still feel compelled to leave one :). Here's why you need to make Meritage your go-to place:You want to impress out-of-towners- MeritageGrab a drink before or after the show at the Ordway - MeritageSpoil your mom with a 3 course French dinner - MeritageIn the mood for junk food? Order French fries and beer at the bar  In summary, you can't go wrong with this place, I just wish I lived closer."}, {"review_id": "pWoYFRWI6KtW-RfNg9aIGg", "user_id": "puMh2udO8nA5x_JLw9-AtQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/4/2018", "text": "I went with 5 friends for a birthday brunch on a Saturday afternoon. I got the quiche du jour, my friends got the savory seafood crepe, eggs Benedict, blueberry pancakes, almond croissant, and other foods. Everything looked, smelled and tasted wonderful!!! I'd say the prices are very reasonable. The place itself was beautiful. Our waiter was Matt and we received exceptional service! We mentioned that it was my friend's birthday and he brought out some complimentary desserts with a candle fixed to the plate. He also offered to take our photos once at our table and another near a beautiful bouquet. Wonderful, wonderful experience. Will be going back for lunch and dinner in the future."}, {"review_id": "vEz5eRxReAe9fR2BErEANg", "user_id": "I7hwaTqbSoFGyczjmXDHmQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/21/2018", "text": "You know this place is great when every time I have oysters ANYWHERE ELSE I question if I actually like oysters. I love oysters from Meritage. The gap seems so large. The servers are always very helpful when deciding which oysters to try as well."}, {"review_id": "tu_Qt9ByUS2TXzHUuLM65w", "user_id": "ORu2paFdAa6wrPQ_tWYSAg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/31/2018", "text": "Amazing.  Great service & cute atmosphere.  I had the steak frites and my husband had the chicken.  It was by far my favorite meal this year.   I can't wait to go back!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/meritage-saint-paul-2?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]