[[{"review_id": "o3Gbopooef43OokaSTURDw", "user_id": "GFzXHFn6lOaHiMJOs1GYsg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "I am visiting from Hawaii for work and I wanted to experience the food at Spoon and Stable. About 8 of us dined here and we were amazed. We all shared a bite to experience the flavors on our palates. It was perfect.Food and service was exceptional. The lamb and rib eye were so tender and cooked to perfection. The pasta was fresh and the sauce was just right! It's amazing to see how chef can marry flavors together for the perfect bite. Same for the desserts. My palate had a great time experiencing the flavors of our meal. Thanks for a great experience."}, {"review_id": "LDafhj1wGcWVPJOoM9rlgQ", "user_id": "iLMh0LXtHWuIqoHnZgVqRA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Delicious food - especially the dessert!So I'll start off by saying that I am a food snob... I know a lot of people say that, but seriously, I am. I lived in LA and dined at a 2-Michelin star french restaurant (based on when LA was a Michelin city). I'm almost certain they would have obtained their third star if Michelin was still there. I've also dined at a Michelin star restaurant in France, which was AMAZING. So, I kind of hold my French foods to a higher standard. Therefore, I was super excited when I read about Spoon and Stable's chef being a James Beard nominee as we moved to this great state 10 months ago and have been relatively deprived of good food (we don't live in the cities).First of all, I couldn't get a reservation because of poor planning on my part. So definitely try to plan ahead. With that being said, I went to the cities with a plan! I showed up close to 5pm hoping to get a table. We ended up being able to eat at a table that was in the bar area that served the full menu. This area was busy, as it was the bar. The waiter seemed to be more focused on a larger party than my husband and I. Nevertheless, we managed to get his attention at times when we needed.We ordered the non-alcoholic horchata and Palmer. The horchata was pretty good, but nothing that I needed more of. The Palmer tasted like straight up cough syrup.For appetizers we ordered arancini and foie gras. The arancini were delicious. My husband spent time in Sicily and has had authentic arancini. He said they were good, but not the same. The foie gras was good, but the actual taste of the foie gras was masked and muddled with the other ingredients. Still tasty, but let's just say the foie gras wouldn't be the reason I would return.For entrees we had the pea fusilli and the tamarind glazed pork. The pea fusilli was delicious and we liked how the meat was portioned so that you got some with every bite. The pork was savory and the portion was hefty, but after a while, it started tasting like very moist and flavorful barbecue chicken! It was still very tasty, but almost mind boggling.Now for the pièce de résistance! The dessert is definitely the reason I would return. We had the valrhona chocolate tart with the sourdough ice cream and the solar and honey cream cake. So the best think about the chocolate dessert was the sourdough ice cream. It is just so interesting and complex that you want to keep eating it. The honey cream cake was the best thing I ate all night! I recommend that to everyone who goes there. There were so many components and textures that played so well with each other. I loved every bit of it. I could've ordered that over and over for apps, entrees, and dessert until I was full. GET IT!In summary, if we were living in Minnesota a little longer, I would definitely dine here again, but unfortunately, our days are numbered to a couple of months. This is a great place for a special occasion or an upscale food adventure (the latter is what we were up to that day)."}, {"review_id": "yT4Y2Ebb4nKVyKzzQ98KRQ", "user_id": "MkCFZ3zO2GFnlZFLXFUJCw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "First, I have a thing about plastic straws. They're one of the items that washes up most often on beaches. So when a restaurant delivers drinks to a table with straws, without asking if you want one, I automatically remove one star from my review. Spoon & Stable, however, serves their drinks with reusable straws, which is a trend every restaurant should try. So I actually added a star for their conscientiousness. There were a few things that were very disappointing about the food, though, which is the reason we were there. First, it's a pet peeve of mine when chef-driven restaurants get too... ingredienty I know it's not a word, but you totally understand what I mean; unnecessarily long ingredient lists, ingredients added seemingly just to make their version of something stand out. And the whole \"duck fat potatoes\" spiel got a little tedious. We get it, you cook them in duck fat. Sorry, but they were a little boring.Worst of all, though, was that several of the people in our group ordered the duck, and it was completely inedible. That was after the waiter bragged that he was going to bring us steak knives, but we wouldn't need them because you could cut the duck with a butter knife. No. You couldn't even cut them with the steak knife. And the skin wasn't just crisp, it was burned.I know this place is trendy, and people wait weeks to get in. I just hope they're not as disappointed as I was."}, {"review_id": "klM5hckYHbwvZfDbK77tiA", "user_id": "0CX0RSoz8NkPlOTo7Ckqdg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/19/2018", "text": "We were here on a Wednesday night. Tried to book a reservation for two day of and we weren't able to. We were able to squeeze in at the bar right when we walked in around 6:30, though.  Service was friendly and attentive. Had a couple cocktails, which were nice. We started with the tataki. It was not a large portion, but every bite was well balanced and fresh. Nice light way to start out. I had the rye casarecce. It was absolutely delicious--I ate every bit of the large order. Such a fun, slightly chewy pasta, savory sauce, and bits of pancetta. The cabbage is such a nice part of it, adds a great taste and a little crunch. It kind of reminded me of a carbonara. Chris had the Alaskan halibut. He said it was cooked perfectly. Great taste! Would love to come back and try more of their pasta and grains, personally!!"}, {"review_id": "WslihRltJu0wcAGvDnifGg", "user_id": "_zk0Oen7W0ADqADndmikFQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "Managed to get a reservation at the Chef's table for 2 on a Wednesday night. What an experience! We ordered- Bison tartare - Definitley their most popular dish. We saw the chef make at least 20 of these during the course of our dinner. It was delicious- Spaghetti nero  - By far my fav dish here. This reminded me of a pasta dish I had in Italy. The squid ink pasta was cooked to perfection and the sauce was a perfect seafood broth full of flavor- Pea leaf fusilli - This was just added to the menu. I think the other dishes were much better than this. Don't get me wrong it was a great dish but it is all relative there is no way any other pasta dish can compete with the spaghetti nero :)Now you can't come to Spoon and Stable and not order the dessert. Diane Yang the pastry chef here knows how to balance sweetness with delicacy to a whole different level. The honey cake was out of this world and the mont blanc was simple yet very complex in its flavor."}, {"review_id": "vSHAZKUxNLsJV6SSNRD5bA", "user_id": "MUwPT6c_4bh6aMmyo_JTog", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/20/2018", "text": "To drink? Toronto. Strong and remarkably well balanced. Maple syrup makes this drink dangerously smooth and delicious. Old Overholt rye they wash with brown butter and finish with maple syrup and a house made fernet that the barkeep emphasized makes it more floral and less minty than your average fernet.Mushroom soup is a velouté that is thick, earthy, and creamy. A steal for $12! They plate the base of mushrooms and herbs ahead of time and pour the velouté tableside. Seriously classy. Nutty and rich, mushroom is the star here, not cream. The mushrooms melt in your mouth and they even take the time to make their own oyster crackers!Just by virtue of being their guest you get delightful bread and house whipped butter (even if you sit at the bar). The butter is like air in your mouth; you will be tempted to eat it straight once you've eaten your bread!For my main I had the famous Pasta Nero (fra diavolo with seafood and squid ink pasta). Spicy and full of umami, and the half sized portion with an appetizer makes for one hell of a dinner.Right around when you get the check they surprise you with a fresh (free) tin of pastry, including a house-baked macaron. Seriously over the top!Service was excellent and they even had a bag check service so I didn't have to lug my luggage (suddenly realizing why it's called luggage... ok, I'm back) and that was phenomenal! I'm usually coming from the airport going to a place like this so I was pleasantly surprised not to have to drag my carryon through such a nice place.Spoon and Stable puts on a clinic in the service department. Like I seriously feel like I walked into a movie where the couple just has a perfect meal. I'd take my wife on a date here, but we'd have to fly a thousand miles just to get here. And yet...Spoon and Stable is posh but not stuffy, crisp but not cold. This place is righteous."}, {"review_id": "NrhSMpf1AsQN0qkUsaKtDw", "user_id": "w7RP1MZad3YO7Vjgp3s3Dg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/11/2018", "text": "Came here for dinner meeting with our team. We had 5 pm reservations and was running late. I called and informed them that we will be 10 minutes late. They told me they can hold our table until 5:20 pm. Perfect! What a great service.We got to valet/front entrance  around 5:12 pm and our reservations was honored. Great!We got seated immediately and ordered the following to start with: 1. Opah Tataki - raw fish is seared very briefly over a hot flame or in a pan and prepared with daikon and kumquat . Very tasty and light.2. Chilled Foie Gras - no need for description. Delectable and rich. Good for sharing.3. Bread and Butter- warm and crispy bread with whipped butter. Great presentation as the butter was on a slab of marble.For our 2nd course, we ordered half of two pastas :1. Ricotta Cavatelli - Pasta was superb and little bit on the heavy side but it was rich and flavorful. Kind of reminded me of a healthy mac and cheese. The carrots  were a nice \"healthy\" touch to it. Basil went well with pecorino.2. Rye Casarecce - reminded me of Carbonara. The  chared cabbage made the dish light and not too heavy . Delish pasta. You can taste the freshly made pasta.The half size for each pasta was perfect for the three of us to share.For our 3rd course , we ordered our entrees each.1) Tamarind Glazed Porkchop - my dish.  This was too die for. Charred, tender and flavored really well.  Came with broccolini, baby kale, fermented peppers, crispy garlic which was great. The peppers were a tad spicy but SUPERB!2) Xawaash Spiced Lamb Loin - this came with roasted rutabaga, fresh turmeric, grilled bitter greens. My supplier said it was fantastic.3) Pot Roast  with pommes aligot, mushroom confit, rosemary broth. My coworker said this was delicious as well. We also ordered some mushrooms on the side which was very delish! This was a special side for the evening. Get it if they have it!For our 4th course - the team shared:1) Chocolate pudding with dulcey peanut butter ice cream, brownie- very nice presentation and tasted pretty delicious for a chocolate pudding.2) Honey and Cream Cake with caramelized bananas, sweetened condensed milk ice cream. This reminded me of Nilla Vanilla wafers . Very good and light. Wish it came with some fresh berries just to bring in some acidity.Lastly, they bring a small tin can with cookies and macaroon. If you don't want dessert, they still give you something sweet at the end. Overall our experience was great. It was fun evening with good company and delicious food.  Service was superb as well. Very friendly and attentive service. Definitely recommend for you all to come and try this place if you have a chance to visit Minneapolis or if you get reservations, make sure you don't cancel as it is very hard to get reservations here. TRUST!!!! Thank you Chef Gavin for the great food and lovely service of your team!!"}, {"review_id": "0l3IwN9ZMkmRLSD0HXGd2w", "user_id": "uFsnfmSzLt7OceENpj3C0g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/29/2018", "text": "If Yelp! Allowed us one opportunity to tack on an extra star, I would pull that card right now. Last night we went to spoon and stable for dinner and I can't. stop. thinking about it. Everything was beyond amazing. We started with oysters and the crab salad which were amazing and incredibly fresh. For dinner I order d the rye caserecce (sp) and it was amazing and comforting with with all the right flavors. We also ordered the three sides: fingerling potatoes, spinach cheese curds, and brussel sprouts. Seriously, order all the sides. They're so amazing. What made this experience worthy of the extra star was our amazing server, Tristan. He was the bees knees. The most attentive and knowledgeable server. He anticipated every need before I even had to ask. He knew the menu inside out and recommended us wine with our meal which was amazing. He even knew it was my bday and brought me cotton candy. Go here and I hope you get Tristan. He will make your evening ever so spectacular and your jaw won't hit the floor when you get the bill because you will be so happy and pleased!"}, {"review_id": "uCBu9RMzKBkNoHWlueoiQw", "user_id": "Dl8UzehqTZNMfuGksnvoRQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "Spoon and Stable is honestly one of the best upper scale restaurants I've been to in Minnesota. I love the interior, modern, classy, and great mood lighting. Great for a romantic date night (instantly thought that when I walked in). My friends and I ordered a few dishes and all tried each other's. Their cocktails were good too. You definitely need to make a reservation weeks (and maybe months) in advanced though because they are always booked. On another note, we were celebrating my birthday and they gave me a surprise birthday treat with a candle :)"}, {"review_id": "U4jtRiXG9F_WkuO7miuSrA", "user_id": "opdbggrufvUGH8gP9wHL8w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/22/2018", "text": "After months of living in Downtown Minneapolis and hearing all about how great Spoon and Stable is, we finally got to give it a try. Based on our dining experience, I would not only agree that Spoon and Stable is one of the best restaurants in Minneapolis, but even go far as to say that it's one of the best restaurants I've ever eaten at anywhere (and that includes the famed Chez Panisse). Here's why our experience was so great:1) The customer service: Absolutely top notch! Our great service began a few weeks before our dining experience when I made our reservation. My fiancé really wanted to eat at the \"chef's counter,\" which has a view of the entire kitchen. When reserving our table, I simply added a request for this table, and our \"front row\" seats at the counter were ready for us when we arrived. The great customer service continued throughout our drinks at the bar as well as our dinner. The bar tenders poured us complementary samples of many of the drinks on the menu simply because we remarked about them out loud. During our meal, a couple different \"gifts from the kitchen\" arrived, including an appetizer and two different deserts. Our server was incredibly knowledgeable about all the food and drinks, and his recommendations were spot on. Our dishes and drinks came out very quickly and as ordered. All in all, a wonderful experience.2) The food: Where do I even begin? I think it would be with the portions, which were incredibly generous for a restaurant of this caliber. There are no \"tasting\" or \"small plate\" meals here: we were pleasantly surprised at just how bountiful each of our dishes was. We began our night (at the bar) with a charcuterie plate, which included a couple different types of salami, some pâté, a couple (really yummy) sides of house-made pickles and mustards, and some freshly baked bread. Like I said above, this appetizer was HUGE, and also one of the best charcuterie plates I've had. We then moved to the chef's counter, where we were offered a small appetizer from the kitchen and a bread and butter service. For our main dishes, we had the \"spaghetti nero\" and the \"tamarind pork chop.\" Again, in keeping with the theme of the night, both portions were incredibly generous. The spaghetti was full of seafood (there might have been more seafood than pasta), and the sauce was masterful. The pork chop is probably the largest I've ever eaten (easily well over 1/2lb), and was seasoned and cooked perfectly. For our sides, we had brussels sprouts fingerling potatoes. Once again, huge portions, and while neither dish was overly amazing, both were good. I would say that the combination of an appetizer and both our main dishes would have been plenty for us, and the sides were just overkill, so we ended up taking most of them home.For desert, we decided on a hazelnut brownie tart with some ice cream on top. With that desert came two more deserts, complements of the kitchen, including an assortment of cookies and a sort of caramel mousse. We had to take most of them home as well because we were just too full to keep going. However, just like all the other dishes, all three were good.3) The drinks: We each had a couple cocktails each, all of which were very well made and super tasty. As I said earlier, the bar does a really cool thing where they pour samples of just about any drink you talk about out loud, which is a nice bonus! Bottom line is, Spoon and Stable is one of the best dining experiences I've ever had. From the great service, to the awesome drinks, to the really yummy and generously portioned dishes, a dinner here is not only an amazing experience but worth every penny!"}, {"review_id": "QEf5Suy1x4u_2WoTx8x-cQ", "user_id": "L9drFT3HKVJ07OOKocN1ng", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/3/2018", "text": "I was visiting Minneapolis and was looking for a dinner restaurant, and found this place. This is a cute spot. I came here on a Wednesday night and sat at the bar since there weren't any tables available. My friend and I got wine, and oysters which were good.I also had the duck sliders with fries. The food was ok....the duck sliders weren't anything special. I will have to come back to try another dish. Overall the service was great."}, {"review_id": "gIaOwboZQjXGS0iklvvr3w", "user_id": "kFtpOzWygqAENd6oKrkefw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/31/2017", "text": "What once was a horse stable back in the day is now a bustling and elegant restaurant boasting an open kitchen, beautiful dining room with white table tops, a full bar, and stunning wine cellar encased in glass. I loved how the exposed beams and brick walls add a rustic and relaxed vibe into the upscale environs. Was I really in the Midwest?Our 8:45PM reservation which we luckily snagged during our short stay got us hungry and almost carried away with the ordering. To no surprise, the warm bread basket was a welcome sight that we happily devoured while imbibing on our whimsical cocktails. Our BUTTERNUT SQUASH SOUP ($11) came shortly after, hearty and very apt for fall - that trace of lime was such a pleasant surprise. Since we were sharing everything family style, the mains and sides arrived simultaneously.Let me start with the SPAGHETTI NERO ($23) which had every squid ink strand of pasta cooked firm and showing off fresh morsels of seafood like they just came from the ocean. The giant prawns were sweet and succulent, definitely the highlight there. I thought the PORK CHOP ($29), glazed in tamarind, was comparable to SF's NOPA, as it was cooked to a perfect pink, tender to the bite, and tasty to the bone. As for the ALASKAN HALIBUT ($29), it was simply delicate and melted like butter in my mouth. That chorizo sabayon almost had me licking the plate. Our sides were not just sides. Infused with bagna cauda, the BRUSSELS SPROUTS ($8) were oozing in garlic flavor with a touch of texture from the breadcrumbs. They're not messing around here. Their version of a CREAMY SPINACH is topped with cheese curds. Yep, insane, right?! For dessert, petit fours were served on the house and an airy cotton candy for our birthday celebrant. How's that for ending on a sweet note? To my delight, Minneapolis proved to hold its own when it comes to dishing out an unforgettable culinary experience. With Chef Gavin Kaysen (owner/Exec Chef) who helped Cafe Boulud in NYC earn a Michelin star, well, I didn't expect anything less. Every plate that came out from the kitchen had soul. All polished, rich, and familiar. The service was top-notch, thanks to Adam who made sure we were treated well. Visiting or a local, Spoon and Stable is not to be missed."}, {"review_id": "U3Q2dZcaNyyg3ZQLnhVitQ", "user_id": "ByzCVvaqoMQMrWWUhEivBw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/19/2017", "text": "Visiting Minneapolis and as luck would have it I got a table at this hot spot and absolutely loved it. Great old building with open, airy upscale warehouse-chic atmosphere. Chef collected spoons from dozens of Michelin star restaurants round the world and his brother affixed then to driftwood as art displayed on the wall.  Love that. Inventive food that satisfies. Local liquors in craft cocktails, great waitstaff. Try to crudo, pork chop with greens, black bass and  pork cheek. Oh, and tonight they served a white truffle risotto that was out of this world!"}, {"review_id": "wtz8jgLAzJUcYWtZSYfiLg", "user_id": "a41IoxVZ05aGm8i1RtdTAA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/16/2018", "text": "Wow I'm amazed I haven't reviewed one of my favorite restaurant. Food is superb. Menu is ever changing to provide the freshest ingredients. Top notch service. Scallop crudo and bison tartare seem to always be on the menu and really yummy.  If it's your b-day they'll spin you up some cotton candy"}, {"review_id": "UyIg7hyt8JV45m1mpyBGaA", "user_id": "DaJjOzyzsSablTcvyUx3mw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/18/2018", "text": "My friend and I arrived on a busy Friday night around prime dining time without a reservation. 'Who does that?!' you may ask. Those that sit at the bar do that and win by having no wait. In spite of the peck time and the commotion of patrons shifting from the bar area to the dining room we had a perfect evening. We were able to observe the crafting of cocktails in the narrowish but open air bar area. Their space is one of the most beautiful restaurants in the city. We had a couple of drinks and ended up ordering an all seafood dinner - Crab Salad, Spaghetti Nero and Seared Diver Scallops. Everything had so much flavor but was also light. Their dishes are so balanced and you can taste each individual ingredient that comprises it and at the same time they're never heavy. The service is professional, knowledgeable and not pushy. I consistently have an A+ time here."}, {"review_id": "eOpv6g3qwIAIxl4NmyuMwQ", "user_id": "hT2Mw5m_SXBDVBuvA3KY-w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/19/2017", "text": "Ahh. ..the elusive 5 star restaurant. These are harder to find than a balanced state budget in Springfield. We sat at the bar because I didn't make a reservation in advance. It was 5pm and they were fully booked until 10:45pm. That's usually a indication of one of two things, an outstanding dining experience or a potential let down due to hype.We kicked the meal off with Duck Meatloaf Sliders, Smoked Pork Tacos and Bison Tartare. Wow, wow and wow! This was my first encounter with duck meatloaf and now I'm hooked. I think I'll try my hand at duplicating this one at home. The rich seared duck was served atop buttery mini slices of toast. A tamarind reduction glaze imparted a complimenting level of sweetness.The Hay-Smoked Lamb was impeccable. Perfect in every way imaginable.  The Spaghetti Nero and Potato Crusted Halibut were so fresh, I'd believe them if they said they caught the seafood AFTER I placed my order. Lol. The Honey & Cream Cake reminded me of an elevated Très Leches. I can't wait to find a reason to visit Prince-town again.Rarely do I come across restaurants worthy of a special trip. Spoon and Stable warrants a short road trip if you live within a few hours! It was that good."}, {"review_id": "NDy_4pMQ812GsQDgh2HHKA", "user_id": "aKN3Fq2uaRJTwZRPlI5GcQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/5/2017", "text": "Woah.Just, woah.I love this space. It is basically everything.I mean, everything.Come in an be impressed with the beautiful decor, the mood-lighting, the friendly greeting at the door. Make sure you have a reservation though, as we came in at 8:40pm for our 9pm and did not get seated until 9pm. If you don't have one, you are out of luck.We reserved the counter seating and if you can, do. You're right up against the open kitchen, watching the chefs work like a beautiful clock, all playing their parts, moving together in the small space to create amazing dishes. It was fantastic to see the beautiful madness behind the beautiful food.And what food! I tried the buffalo tartare, the sweet corn pasta and the cream cake and every single thing was incredible. So good, I could have eaten three more portions.That is what I will say, for a spot like this, the portion sizes are small and the price is high, and while I left happy, I did leave a little hungry. Still, it's a small complaint as you're paying for flavor and flavor I got in abundance.Truly an amazing spot. How can you not love it?"}, {"review_id": "h36jFIN1Bf9ApkpfesWABQ", "user_id": "OFH7VPA6CVoRclvSG7zBkw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/29/2017", "text": "This is the kind of a place that a gal like me day dreams of going on dates to. I have to say if the sweet guy I've been dating lately keeps picking places like this to bring me to- I'm wooed! The modern Warehouse district type ambiance is open & airy, perfect dimly lit (light enough to easily read the menu but low enough for eye contact to still be sultry), clean with mixes of lots whites, wood, raw brick walls and romantic lighting.Our servitor was great. She was able to suggest a decent wine pairing with my meal (which is something I always appreciate), just attentive enough, and served with a smile. I had it narrowed down between selecting two dishes and being that I had not experienced pheasant in this life time and nor had my date, that won out. It was nothing like I expected! And completely in a VERY GOOD way. It was so tender, lighter than chicken or turkey and not gamy in the least way! The wild rice and sunchokes that adjourned it were nicely enough done and balanced out the lightness of the pheasant with its dense, mild flavor- but is love to see some other more flavorful things paired with it. My hot date had no hesitation in what he wanted. Lamb chops was easily his choice. They were phenomenal. Great flavor and perfectly tender. I was too wowed by my present to really pay attention to what his dish was served with but after having a bite of his lamb chop (ok, ok it was two bites! Uhm maybe three?) I had to restrain myself from picking up the bone and gleaning it clean. We also had the Brussels sprouts added as a side dish (absolutely delicious) and ended with sharing a pear cake. As my date stated something along the lines of \"the desert alone was worth coming for!\"- was an beautifully presented and perfectly combination of flavors, not overly sweet, as well as a great balance of soft/crunchy.While the Twin Cities has a bazillion more gorgeous restaurants I intend to try, I would love to come back here a few more times at least!"}, {"review_id": "3C51I8G-0ih7vSBqGqei0w", "user_id": "pc3Zi3gdug55rD4chvlCVQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/11/2018", "text": "we got a spot at the bar on a Friday night and started with cocktails. YUM! They give you bread and butter with dinner, another yum, but wish the butter was an herb butter or had more salt. I ordered the scallops and a side of mashed potatoes. I was a little disappointed that it came with only 2 scallops, but the sear on the scallops was perfect! The potatoes looked like fingerling potatoes with what I believe was an herb spread underneath. They weren't quite the flavor profile I was looking for, but helped fill be up since the entree portion was so small. After our meal we were served a dainty little tin with some dessert treats in it. Delicious!"}, {"review_id": "t0xBVxVnzGZnGLtXR85jXw", "user_id": "jtb5-3GYQf7gYFN31jg1Rg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/4/2017", "text": "I'm being realistic with the 4.5 stars in comparison to 5 stars in other cities. Came on a Tuesday night and got cute corner widow seats behind the bar and service was (prob) same as being at a reserved table. We were there for dessert but had to try the sweet corn agnolotti with foie gras and chanterelles - amazing! Chocolate opera cake was good but I think could of used coffee gelato or ice cream instead of sorbet. Blackberry and beeswax crema had nice texture and light flavor but was a little over taken by the sesame flavor. Honey and cream cake was delish!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/spoon-and-stable-minneapolis-4?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]