[[{"review_id": "562-yolAXhVLPnBgOO5Q0g", "user_id": "uRgAL9v1PSVlmoY7VKlc4Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Coolest brunch place I've been to in Minneapolis.  The Mimosa/Bloody Mary bar is unlike anything else I've ever experienced. You can put just about anything in your drink from a chicken wing to flowers to Swedish fish.  The goal is to fit as many ingredients as possible and then take photos of your masterpiece. For food we all tried to get something different.  The huevos rancheros were a fave along with the cornmeal pancakes and walleye hash and eggs.  The sausage bread sounds weird but it was SO much better than I expected and glad we decided to get it. Definitely worth pushing yourself out of your comfort zone. Pro tip: This place is super packed on the weekends so get a reservation before you go."}, {"review_id": "jGjKy2OWIiH47Cl8SNWBLw", "user_id": "Kg474Uqa3lICBrV_sejiqw", "rating": 2.0, "date": "4/27/2018", "text": "I had always wanted to eat at Hells Kitchen! I just never had gone because it was either to packed or i would forget to go ( I have a bad memory, kinda concerning lol ). My memory was working and i was like \" lets get it!\". I went around 7pm and i was thinking \"oh sh** i forgot to make reservations, well whatever\" i went with my partner in crime! Parking is lame and if you're blind like me the parking ramp entry is so small, you will miss it and go all the way away around and miss it again and again ( i missed it two times lol) well i got my pay ramp ticket which is stupid i have too pay to park to eat, like wtf! Anyways we head to the elevators down to hell! Well the frikin hallway was all red and dim kinda reminded me of Halloween decorations which was super cool! The place was dead, i was thinking is this place closed! Well no it was not! We got our server and he sits us at a table with 4 seats which felt awkward because it was in the middle of place and the table was big so we asked for a table by the wall that seats 2! Well they said no because their is a group coming up. I rolled my eyes and was like well okay can you find other tables because its not even packed up in here and its 7pm but i was in a good mood ( adderall works wonders) so i was like \" fine whatever\" well they had a live band playing, country type music so that was cool. Their menu is huge a lot of variety but i heard a lot of good reviews about their enchilaqauiles so i ordered that and my dude ordered the hell burger! On the menu it states that the burger is super spicy! So he was like \" yup i want this\" i picked the enchilaqauiles because the menu says it is what they are \" known for\" food came out probably a good 20 minutes! I looked at my enchilaqauiles and it was small and neat. I started to think \" okay this place is like fancy plates and a laid back vibe, okay cool whatever\" i was expecting like big, greasy and just amazing food!The hell burger also small and cute but we were like lets just try it and maybe the taste will be worth it! I start digging into my plate and i was like ummmmm this taste good but does not taste like a mexican dish at all. The taste was good but not memorable at all. the hell burger was not even spicy at all either, if you have had a bag of the regular hot cheetos thats how it taste. My guy was like the burger looks like an appetizer, which ya it did look like a slider. He finished that burger in less than a minute and he was still hungry so he ordered a juicy lucifer, a take of the juicy lucy! Well that appetizer took a good 30 mins or so and again nothing memorable at all. I will say their french fries are on point! The pictures you guys take are so up close, it makes the dish look huge a good size portion but in reality its a cute little plate. It is disappointing, its like when you see pictures of a fine a** guy or girl on Instagram or facebook and you see them in person, your like wtf is that! Same thing here. I don't know what else to say about this place it is not memorable at all not even the taste of the food the only thing i remember was that they did not want us to sit where there is a table for two even though \" a big party size is coming in \" Well wouldn't you place the bigger group for the table of four and add more tables together ! Oh and that \"party\" it was only 6 people that pissed me off ! Other restaurants if you ask for a different table they will try to get a table or give you at least a better option to sit! Frikin Perkins does that for you! You don't want a table but instead a booth , they do it unless it is legit packed smh.I don't know what the hype is about! Is it because its a laid back environment with tiny fancy plates? I don't know but to me $50 bucks was not worth it , i could have gone to Grumpy's 5 blocks away and free parking!"}, {"review_id": "lY0ScxAJzL24VUEQfv1rjw", "user_id": "lfjCrPHiB03aLeh6DFMSLA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/27/2018", "text": "Hell's Kitchen is a yummy place for brunch when you don't want to see the sun. Which happens on the weekends from time to time. ;) It's a great place to grab a huge bloody with lots of fixings and get some really greasy food to make your hangover go away. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because I probably wouldn't go for anything other than brunch because the food is a little too rich for my daily taste. But on a day you're hungover, heading to a Twins game and you really need to get your s**t together. You gotta go to Hell's Kitchen."}, {"review_id": "R7h1tzAGbgbmmTV0ESigSg", "user_id": "qZeX1ZZkN7DXk10keuGOhg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/23/2018", "text": "Admittedly we wandered into Hell's kitchen on a busy Saturday night when many other restaurants were closed due to the weather, a fact we quickly forgot once we were inside. There was a live band playing, that was very good and made it an enjoyable evening.The food here is traditional pub food, although they have some healthier options for those who want to skip fried foods. The chicken wings with buffalo sauce were excellent. Spicy, hot, and just a little crispy on the outside. The fried cheese curds were also quite good.It is a walleye lover's paradise. The fried walleye was good, though the breading was a little heavy for my taste, but I would give them a pass on this this because we caught them on a night when many employees called in sick.The salad bowl complete with kale and quinoa was a surprise to find on the menu, and was as good as any you'd find at a trendy health food restaurant. Service was prompt despite how busy they were. You can make reservations online, although you'd probably be able to find seating for a party of one or two at the bar.Overall good experience, large portions, decent prices, and live music every weekend night!"}, {"review_id": "uEq8xW8uQ49ATxjO-eTkng", "user_id": "iVzC6wBXxYOaDywohfkkvQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/25/2018", "text": "One word to describes this place: covfefe.  What does that mean?  Well, if you haven't been to Hell's Kitchen, go and find out what it means to you.We have been patrons of this place for years and recently went back for their Impossible Burger which was nothing less than amazing given it is meatless!  Meat eaters would never know if no one told them.  If you are vegan you will need to ask for it to be made vegan so then they will not put cheese or mayo on it and they will give you a vegan bun which is basically like a typical hamburger bun.  We added lettuce, tomato and onions.  I had sweat potato fries and my husband had regular fries.  It was nothing less than delicious and I was starving because I didn't have breakfast and workout out before arriving for a late lunch so I ate it in record time!We both did the Bloody Mary bar and if you do not partake in meat and cheese I suggest you skip it at $15/ea.  I noticed a couple who did the Bloody Mary bar had a whole meal of a half dozen chicken wings, tons of cheese cubes, a hard boiled egg and tons more stuff so they definitely got their money's worth!Our server Cyril was awesome.  He was super helpful in guiding us to vegan options and while we were sitting at the bar a police sting went down where minors came in to order a drink and he carded them and turned them away.  Dude was getting hugs left and right from coworkers for the next hour!We will definitely return for another spin on Hell's merry-go-round sometime in the not so distant future!"}, {"review_id": "Ix4Ec4R31QrXdvWd4rRRKw", "user_id": "Gcq3mXHlfkj-Do0Bkjy-ww", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "After hearing my coworkers rave about Hell's Kitchen, we decided we had to try it out. Stopped in on a Thursday afternoon after the lunch rush. We were quickly seated and our waiter recommended the Bloody Mary and the Oatmeal stout. We ordered the HellBurger, the Impossible and the grilled cheese... all were delicious! We then ordered the Carmel pecan roll with a side of peanut butter, short of licking the plate it was gone in minutes! Purchased their amazing peanut butter to go as well! We will be back to try more menu items."}, {"review_id": "cFjEaA-_svEtLemOx8GPxA", "user_id": "R76K_BIxuRLoaIXmCqMm5A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "How on earth have I not eaten at this place?   Crazy.   Actually I am kind of sad that it took me so long to try them.  I am so glad I did, actually had to go back for breakfast.   I know it is breakfast all day, but after eating breakfast - for breakfast, I did not want to go back for a lunch breakfast.   Luckily, it was a couple blocks from my hotel.   The joint is unique, like totally different, you descend down a flight of stairs in a total different experience.  Energy in the air, staff is ultra happy and kind of hyper, in a good way.  The place has some very unique and interesting artwork.On to the chow, Juicy Lucy.    Juicy Lucy, yes that is what I got and I was not disappointed, very large Angus beef patty with oozing molten cheese from its core.   I added bacon and an egg.   The bacon is top shelf bacon, the kind you eat a pound or two at a time.  Fabulous!!!!!   So happy I went with this awesome meal.   For breakfast, well I had breakfast.  Eggs and Bacon, yummy.   But, the award goes to the Maple Glazed Bison Sausage, this is seriously great, I loved it.   Toasted Sausage Bread - unique and awesome!!!!!   Slab Pit Ham, just so so, tasted and looked like plain boring ham, like the stuff I buy in the grocery store in shrink wrapped packages, nothing special.So, I plan on going again ASAP, like I said this place is worth at least one stop.   Sit there and enjoy the atmosphere while watching the cartoon network, life is great!"}, {"review_id": "c9blAqC7gJecdgWEiVgUBw", "user_id": "GtAPF7QTFQSo7ewPIS6nTg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "We're currently here in Minneapolis for the first time and having breakfast here was a WIN ! Our service was impeccable , quick and courteous ! If you're here for breakfast, I'd suggest the lemon ricotta pancakes with bison sausage on the side . Yum yum yum ! The decor was fitting to the restaurant's name LOL I loved it ! We're here for a few more days and I'm hoping we can come back at least once more ! Thanks guys !"}, {"review_id": "OzC2ELuhLr7GByyyuhntWQ", "user_id": "YkDKDbtj1BRaZ6KYOgv9dw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/20/2018", "text": "I love coming to Hell's Kitchen. The food is delicious. I have tried many things on the menu, and you really can't go wrong with anything. Last time I got the Walleye Fish and Chips. It was cooked perfectly and there was a lot of it! My boyfriend got a burger and also really liked it.I also like to come here for breakfast or brunch in the morning. It is excellent.The atmosphere is super cool and everything you would want from this restaurant. You walk down the stairs to get here from the street level. Staff is awesome and super helpful. When we come, we are always seated right away with a smile! Come and enjoy this unique restaurant!"}, {"review_id": "UWmdN0-9s1rCxEzzPBilag", "user_id": "k2lHZN8uJ84SrD2z85rcWA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "Went here for Sunday brunch. Pleasantly surprised by the convenient parking ramp attached to the building. This place is definitely a lot of fun inside. There was live music and very busy. We had to wait 50 minutes without a reservation, which would be nice to know ahead somehow. We decided it was worth the wait. Finally we had a seat next to the kitchen doors. Food was definitely filling. My favorite was the tiramisu. Would like to check this place out for night time"}, {"review_id": "yeJQrtHdYCPX9bvoRl8ALQ", "user_id": "PLx2Xn-MvOL2NSK2oOuOpA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "Interesting place in the bowels of a building. Very good food as I had the chicken which was quite delicious. Nate our server was very attentive to out needs and it was quite an enjoyable dinner for a gang of old men."}, {"review_id": "bQOBlAfQTd_SbcUpBVMHBg", "user_id": "hLyi9AM7wPiBrs7KVrNu_w", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "I most recently went for the Impossible Burger- veggie fake meat that is supposed to taste like meat- and it had the right texture but was cooked well-done and that preparation is hard on any meat. I always love the lemon ricotta pancakes, could stick with those every visit, but it can be noisy and the prices are fairly expensive for what you get. Stellar at some dishes, a lot is just ok with a fun atmosphere to sell it."}, {"review_id": "TowhnR6snrq9jLPnJo2sYQ", "user_id": "zPP9zQo0k_1l_sX7RDNCHQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "In town for a conference and in two days I've eaten here twice.   Porridge porridge porridge.  No matter the time of day or night, no matter if it's with coffee or tequila- GET THE PORRIDGE!   Don't get me wrong, everything else is awesome.  Last night I had the pan seared walleye and this morning I had the bison eggs Benedict.   Geez.   I think I'm going back tonight.  I've made myself hungry."}, {"review_id": "vr-kPqLeq_OLwZAtRMKRvA", "user_id": "mVA4IeYyVKPUWRrN5oplMA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/11/2018", "text": "My friends and I were saved by Hell's kitchen on the day of pre-Suoerbowl Viking game, because everywhere else seemed closed.  I was surpsrised to see there weren't too many people, tho they perfectly have a big TV to watch a game.  We ordered everything off their happy hour menu.  They are all pretty much Amrerican bar type food, like wings, fries, and nachos.  The food was just okay but the service by our waiter was great.  I would like to go back and try their famous pancakes next time!"}, {"review_id": "aFFcdEpWy48Q5m7kLb9y2A", "user_id": "M7vDDzoPNQDN2FdTcwCq4A", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/15/2018", "text": "The name of this place kinda draws you in due to the aura surrounding the very popular cooking show starring Gordon Ramsay. I knew going into this that the two were NOT affiliated in any way, but still, I still expected to have a great time... according to the reviews.Appearance/Atmosphere: This place was REALLY cool. The decor was so awesome and well themed like very demented lair. The whole restaurant is set \"underground\" in a basement plaza of sorts complete with a gargoyle guarding the entrance. There's a stage setup with a giant screen for when there is live music present. For it to be \"Hell\", I think the lighting could've been a little darker, but eh. Maybe some \"dark\" music?Service: Okay, I guess. Misael did everything he was supposed to do. He served us, made sure our water was filled and had everything we needed. Awesome job for doing that, but he did it with absolutely no personality. Like, come on man. It's \"Hell's Kitchen\". be enthused. Something. Whatever.Food: Eh, as well. NOTHING jumped out at me on the menu. Misael said that they're known for their breakfasts, so I checked out what they had to offer and wound up with their Corned Beef Hash & Eggs. It's hand-pulled corned beef brisket with sautéed fingerling potatoes, sweet onions and crisp celery. Includes 2 organic eggs plus a side of sourdough toast. It was good. That's about it. Didn't blow me away, didn't \"wow\" me. Just, satisfied my hunger. It wasn't bland, nasty or anything just... tasted like something I maybe could've made myself. No offense.Value: $14.95 for my food. Okay I guess. Decent proportions, just feels like I maybe could've gone to Denny's or a Waffle House and paid $5.00-6.00 less for the same meal.In conclusion, my dinner experience here wasn't the best. Based on it, I wouldn't come back, but according to word-of-mouth, brunch is where I need to be. So maybe, just MAYBE I'll come back to try out their mimosa and bloody mary brunch bar. Who knows. We'll see... maybe Thursday nights in the dead of winter aren't the best?"}, {"review_id": "z6KSceHhKb22zfWiZUILKQ", "user_id": "0uEktUUzlqJgSIgFjmhhsA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/3/2018", "text": "I have been meaning to try this place out. It's been recommended several times. When you walk inside you just have to smile. It's different and the people who work there seems to have a very welcoming attitude. I enjoyed that. We sat near the stage and there was the Food Network then the Cartoon Network streaming onto the stage. The waiter was friendly and it didn't feel like it was a fancy restaurant but a more casual one. Everyone joked with us and made us feel at ease. I tried one of the specials which was a Lemon Ricotta Hotcake. This was honestly the best pancakes I ever had. You don't need syrup to enjoy it. The hotcakes were not too sweet but not plain. Each bite melted in my mouth. I really do recommend this. I was full but I had to finish the hotcakes because it was so yummy."}, {"review_id": "Qw8E1csjbIJHN2wUT9N1uA", "user_id": "8LlnALAr2IlheanUECpqvQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/2/2018", "text": "Stopped here for dinner and was led downstairs to a restaurant filled with awesome dungeon-like ambiance and vampiric flair. The atmosphere was super awesome and the service was incredible. Our waiter was very friendly and attentive, and even allowed me to substitute fish for chicken in the tacos. I really appreciate good service when I see it, being a server myself. As for the food, I loved the tacos but one thing I would note is the side of cold and tasteless beans -- this is something that I could've done without. Overall a great dinner and great experience!"}, {"review_id": "-P1RItL3N9YhzhZFLZbDfg", "user_id": "GsILHZExy3vm8BmATEg75A", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "Colleagues and I came by for dinner during our one-night stay in Minneapolis. Found this place on Yelp, where someone claimed this is the most popular restaurant in town. I ordered the \"impossible\" vegetarian burger while rest of table ordered a pesto pasta, some fish dish, and a salad. My burger tasted good, wouldn't describe it as 'impossible' (I've eaten a lot of veggie burgers in life). Everything was fine but nothing particularly outstanding such that I'd rave about this place to someone else - and didn't live up to my (very high) expectation given the Yelp ratings. Maybe we didn't order the most amazing item here (they have a huge menu)."}, {"review_id": "XMON6TdNbeDcLpqxwLbssg", "user_id": "JrhsdkGTxdT23YL-rEjd9A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/4/2018", "text": "Got to visit Minneapolis with a few friends and I this past weekend for New Year's and we were looking for places to have dinner at. Hell's kitchen sounded pretty cool and it had great reviews so we all decided to go. With negative degree temperature going on we were happy so see that this place was indoors. There were other restaurants in the same building but this one wasn't hard to find. As we walked in I was amazed by all the decor. They had statues of gargoyles, decorations on the walls...there was so much to look at that you have to see it for yourself.The wait was about 20-25 minutes which wasn't that bad. There was a jazz band playing on one of the dining rooms which was pretty nice. We had the option of sitting in one of the three dining areas so we decided to go with the Minnesota room. When looking at the menu there were a lot of options to pick from. I like to ask the waiter or whoever is helping us for suggestions on drinks or food. For a drink I got the blackberry lemonade (alcoholic beverage!) And for food I ordered the Lucifer Burger which was pretty juicy. Overall my friends and I enjoyed the food and ambiance this place gave."}, {"review_id": "jSd0yq-eP1K5TknxRgdfFw", "user_id": "p3_Tit26xZh1ClwtW4Kv8w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/4/2018", "text": "My visit was a last minute pop in while I was here on a work trip. It is a block away from the Target store on Nicollet so very convenient. The theme is humorous and there are plenty of punny decorations and appropriately named menu items to back it up.\"Oh my,\" I said to myself. I sat there staring as the molten cheese poured out of the middle of the Juicy Lucifer cheeseburger and seeped across the plate under the garlic Parmesan tater tots. Wanting to avoid burning my chin, I had cut the burger in two with a knife. I tore into one half of it and didn't look back.The portion sizes are hearty without being obscene. That be my said, the two items I had (Juicy Lucifer and Tots) are really enough for two to share, especially if you are also going to try a pint of one of the great local brews. The dipping sauces with the tots were fantastic, especially the pepper jelly sweet sour sauce stuff.The place was pretty empty during my late 8:00 dinner time. The bartenders were cordial and timely without hovering. And I can't thank them enough for recommending what I ordered. Next time I'm in Minneapolis, I'm going straight to Hell(s Kitchen)."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/hells-kitchen-minneapolis?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]