[[{"review_id": "9C8pT_DSxz0Ih048Mvr8UA", "user_id": "u8b7tLKwBUamIkXP6IdU6w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/7/2018", "text": "A solid Jewish deli... and there aren't many of them in the Twin Cities.lots people ordering to go, but we came and sat down to eat dinner around 6pm on a last night. There was a short wait"}, {"review_id": "l7qUqnHTbxc9MP9cms6dQw", "user_id": "WHe5tyJbVpkvO_3meMUrdg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/15/2018", "text": "Never been to the place but had the good fortune of a delivered lunch box today from Cecil's Deli. Box lunches almost always fail to impress me so grabbing a 4-star rating here says something.My pastrami on rye was exactly that. No fancy add-ons and a few packets of mustard and I was a happy guy. If I could wish for one thing it might be for 1 more layer of meat. Not that it was skimpy but I really like NY deli style pastrami where you have to really make an effort to open your mouth wide enough to accommodate the incoming meat bomb. This was close but just missed on thickness. Still, I would order it again without thinking twice.In addition to the Sammy, the vinegar-based cole slaw was quite enjoyable. It had a nice tangy taste without the creamy sweetness that most cole slaw has and that I associate with gross picnic food harboring a good case of food poisoning. This was quite good and almost as much a star in the box as the sandwich. What I could have done without was the soggy, nearly tasteless pickle. That was the one forgettable item which was surprising to me. I was lucky enough to be given this lunch box because of my attendance on a work committee. I hate committee work because it makes me want to forget everything I learned in 3rd grade about getting along with others. But now that I know that Cecil's might be at the other end of the committee work, I'll know to refrain from knifing my co-workers during debates until I see whether or not the colorful Cecil lunch boxes appear as the noon hour approaches!"}, {"review_id": "ytUnAogAHNUstfWEskIsnw", "user_id": "x3_dqQofC4AIKgT6uPaDGQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/16/2018", "text": "A solid Jewish deli... and there aren't a lot of them in the Twin Cities. There were plenty of people ordering to go, but I came with some friends and sat down to eat dinner around 6pm on a Thursday night.  There was a short wait (5-10minutes tops).I ordered a chocolate egg cream, which was good, but wasn't made with a side spritzer bottle or whipped with a drink mixer.  It was basically poured together and stirred with a spoon... Not sure I'd get it again unless I was really craving it.I also ordered a hot corned beef on rye, chazer size.  The chazer size added $8 to an already $9+ sandwich.  It was large, but most of the meat was on the plate, not stacked on the sandwich.  Wouldn't do the chazer size again.  The bread was very good, soft, excellent flavor... I've had better corned beef though.  It was sliced paper thin, and definitely didn't seem \"home made.\"  It was like lunch meat from a grocery store.  It was fine, but nothing I can't get at home.  Overall, the meat was the biggest disappointment of the meal. The sandwich came with a side of slaw.  The slaw was VERY good.  Crisp, tart, sweet, and not swimming in it's dressing.  Outstanding! I ordered some knish, missing getting these in NYC.  They were the star of the meal for me.  They were nothing like what I was used to growing up, but oh my! The potato was spot on seasoned, and a little dry.  But the dough was hot (burned my tongue!) and steamy which added just the right amount of moisture with the potato.  The balance between the two was spot on perfect.  Two to a plate, and I don't know if I could go in there without ordering them again.On the table there were two mustards, a yellow and a spicy.  I'm not a fan of yellow mustard, but the spicy was pretty good.  Wonderful on the knish and corned beef. I was disappointed that there wasn't a bowl of pickles for the table.  First deli I've gone to that didn't offer that.  Maybe it was something I had to order from the menu and I just missed it. (I'll be going back, so I'll find out.)Before I left, I grabbed a few jars of the Ba-Tampte pickles in the fridge, along with a loaf of egg bread and some onion rolls.  Haven't tried the bread yet, but Ba-Tampte pickles are outrageous for those that like a STRONG pickle (they don't mess around).I'm definitely going back to try more things...  Place has some things that wasn't up to par, but there's plenty of good things going on too!"}, {"review_id": "DGot5zMVw8-VHAKLeK8QRg", "user_id": "-foIP_JKiHcomkmI_M-8GA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "A real Jewish deli is hard to come by locally so Cecil's street cred is already elevated due to it's rarity. I always forget about this old St. Paul institution from the 50's. It's continuously busy and punches out a variety of Rubens, sandwiches, hot dogs, soups, breakfast items, and desserts. There's a market with pickles, krauts, breads, sodas, mustards, ect. if you just want to stop in for some kosher condiments and snacks. The portions are large and the prices are reasonable. The staff is firm and friendly. They run a tight ship that requires diligence to organization in order to deliver the volume demanded in such small quarters. Today I had matzo ball soup and the Russian ruben. The meat is tissue thinly sliced and piled up with lots of sauerkraut, dressing, and toasted rye. The food is everything you want it to be. Basically, Cecil's delivers metaphoric warm hugs from someone's Bubbie and Zadie on a plate for three meals a day."}, {"review_id": "Bdba6eaTarXx21InU0yG6w", "user_id": "8LlnALAr2IlheanUECpqvQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/4/2018", "text": "This was a great stop for lunch. It looked like a local hotspot and there were a bunch of people dining in the back. We ordered to-go and the food came out rather quickly. The staff was very homey and lovely. I ordered a fresh caesar salad and it came with warm rye and pumpernickel bread.  I also really enjoyed the deli potato salad. It reminded me a bit of my grandmas German potato salad she makes, just a bit more on the mustard side. It was a bit mustard based, but it was cold and seemed fresh and homemade. There were different sizes offered and I chose the smallest size that he said served about two people. I recommend this place for a quick lunch stop! Would come here again."}, {"review_id": "_MyePSbIBiCJHj-oZ7j5-w", "user_id": "kT_nlegl73pH1xTZUNiJcQ", "rating": 2.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "Go shop the deli.  Its really good.  The restaurant is meh.  Leave the deli as is but the restaurant  could use some deep cleaning. We've sat for service several times & just not that great ever re food or service.  Very popular tho & can be hard to find parking."}, {"review_id": "dMimBMdgCW4f18A494hQxw", "user_id": "2apa0s3xFF8i52HAi9wLzw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/9/2018", "text": "Sooooooooo very yuuuuuuummmyyyy.    Matza ball deliciousness.   Reuben 5 choices: also yuuuuuuuuuummmmmyyyCome and enjoy some of the very best in Jewish fare.  Great shopping for deli to take home."}, {"review_id": "1uVB8GENHpYMmjTiBs5vsw", "user_id": "xpZ8G3yhkIwSSl1rDN2G1g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/12/2018", "text": "Love the place.  As others said, not many delis up here, and even fewer that I would go back for.   So everythime I come up here, I stop at Cecils as I eat deli almost every lunch in my hometown.  They use to have my fave sandwich . . .that I order at any deli . . . on the menu, but now it is off.No probablem,they will make it.  They know a real chazer when they see one.   It goes by the name of the Maven . . . Corned Beef, chopped liver, nice slice of raw onion, and white horseradish on rye.   Great place, great food and staff . . . Mazel tov!"}, {"review_id": "m0MpUcPlrcJ2Lp1h73X1Lg", "user_id": "Rl-cvHD1cHxE10MzY0S6hw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/21/2017", "text": "I visited at 3pm on a Tuesday for a late lunch. I was feeling under the weather and craving chicken soup. I searched for the best Jewish deli and it became clear this was the only contender. I entered a nearly empty restaurant packed with employees. Needless to say, the service was fast and friendly. I noticed they had sweet and sour cabbage soup and I had to try it. I ordered a bowl and was told I could order half a sandwich for a total of $8! What a steal! I was already sold.The cabbage soup was superb. Reminded me of my grandma's version. I opted for a corned beef sandwich on caraway rye. The bread was fresh and delicious, and for the price, very generous on the meat. I was out the door having paid $11 with tip and tax. The food was awesome, service quick, and the price unbeatable. I'll be back!"}, {"review_id": "do9Ik5i6vjAdUDEZYfbs9A", "user_id": "l6O7MAxDW9YukzZeHmaYRw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/8/2017", "text": "Classic.  This is the Jewish deli I always imagined in the movies.  Deli up front, walk through it to get to the restaurant, filled with furniture that probably hadn't changed for 40 years.  But hey, you don't go here for the decor.I got the hot pastrami, which has mixed gardenia and melted Parmesan.  It was plenty spicy, but I wish the cheese was a provolone or havarti, or a farmers cheese, something a little meltier.  I go fruit on the side.  Definitely a good pick on the fruit, but the coleslaw looked fine also.  Chips were from a bag.This seems to be a great neighborhood lunch joint, and I will definitely stop by again for a solid sandwich."}, {"review_id": "RtSjGGZHs68DG4rh9L_iWg", "user_id": "NMGlN9NsxTLuY239UAJiHg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "7/17/2017", "text": "Talk about customer service. This place could show a lot of other places how to do it. I entered the small shop and headed to the back where I didn't have to wait long to be greeted by a tall gentleman with a booming voice and a friendly face. After seating me, he gave me time to look over the menu and told me to close the flaps, which was the sign that I was ready to order.It was recommended that I get the Rich Boy, but it sounded too big for me to finish. So, I opted for the Russian Reuben instead, and I was not disappointed. It came with a nice pile of pastrami, sauerkraut, Swiss cheese, and thousand island dressing. The bread was toasty, cheese was melted nicely, and the whole combo was one of the best Reubens that I've ever had. They're usually pretty greasy, but this had just enough to make it authentic . For my side, I opted for the potato salad, which was some of the best I've had at a restaurant. The potatoes were just soft enough with enough bite for texture, and it was well seasoned. I normally don't like mustard, but this had the perfect combination of mustard and mayonnaise. It was so tasty that I ordered an extra side of it and left very stuffed.If you're ever in the St. Paul/Minneapolis area, make sure to visit and leave full."}, {"review_id": "KZCF5sYkeLPI8kb-zM_9PA", "user_id": "JyqDfAiDbtASahLea4NFjA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/10/2017", "text": "A very cute little deli in St. Paul.Strawberry cobbler was amazing and I recommend you share this bad boy because it is large!!!It was difficult to finally choose a dish but I decided on the Patty cheese melt with a side of coleslaw and a pickle. I enjoyed every last bite that I had.The leftovers came home with me for a great snack."}, {"review_id": "VCIXOi7_F4NEcqxzf951Jw", "user_id": "zOg--tcgAlgpp3U7klmV6Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/18/2017", "text": "A couple years ago I lived in a neighborhood close to Cecil's and I 'm kicking myself in the butt right now because I've never been here until today. I have experienced the best Rueben and Coleslaw I've ever had.The Rueben was perfectly stacked with succulent corned beef, a nice layer of sour savory sauerkraut, and just the right amount of creamy thousand island and cheese. The sandwich came fresh off the griddle, nice and toasty!Coleslaw is something that many delis and restaurants fail to cultivate successfully, Cecil is about the closest thing you will come to Coleslaw perfection. The cabbage mix was crisp, the dressing sweet but not too sweet, and saucy while not too thick allowing for a light refreshing and above all scrumptious side dish.I also ordered an egg cream which was tasty and pairs nicely with the authentic deli atmosphere. There really is no way to describe how great Cecil's is, you just gotta try it for yourself! Seriously what are you waiting for! ;)"}, {"review_id": "uEDMZxUURW-vwHwj9FLNyQ", "user_id": "CSj8n-LrXh_6_FEK5Y79AA", "rating": 1.0, "date": "7/7/2017", "text": "At the behest of one of my traveling companions, I went to Cecil's for lunch on Saturday. While at a deli I would normally favor corned beef or pastrami, I was in no mood for either, having had some thoroughly unimpressive corned beef for breakfast at Hell's Kitchen. So I fell back and ordered something that should be impossible to screw up, and which I've faithfully enjoyed since childhood: latkes. An order of latkes consists of three relatively large potato pancakes, with a grossly inadequate amount of applesauce and sour cream in a pair of tiny paper cups on the side, priced just shy of $10 before tax and tip. Whether made from scratch, out of box, or prepared hours earlier in bulk at a restaurant, of the many latkes I've had in my life, none were as dreadful as what Cecil's served. They were undercooked, mushy, and absolutely devoid of flavor. Cutting into them, you'd see a filling that looked more like the soiled newspaper linings of a rabbit cage than anything you ought to find in a latke. And seemingly whoever prepared them isn't aware that salt exists and is supposed to be used in cooking. For all the lack of flavor, you might as well be eating Nutraloaf (the bland by design punishment food served in prisons), which would at least have better nutritional value.And I was not alone in my absolute dissatisfaction. Two others at the table ordered the \"Vegy Reuben.\" Setting aside the question of why that is even a thing, what they both received could more accurately be described as an onion sandwich with extra onions. It came with a side of potato salad (the menu lists a few choices for sides, though no such choice was presented when ordering), which was generously piled on, but too grotesque and heavy on the mustard to warrant more than a single bite.If the food were in any way appealing, it'd be far easier to overlook the restaurant's many other problems. Those problems including being brought out a Pibb Xtra the color of ginger ale because the kitchen staff didn't realize the syrup in their fountain needed changing, a wait time that would make you think you were ordering pizza on Superbowl Sunday, a general lack of cleanliness of cutlery and restaurant surfaces, the absence of competent or knowledgeable service caused by employees who have no proper training or requisite frame of cultural reference, and a bathroom that requires walking through the middle of the kitchen and down a flight of stairs to access (so good luck if you're old, infirmed, or handicapped). If there's anything positive to be said of this place, it escaped my notice. This was truly the worst meal I've had in 2017, and among the very worst I've had in my lifetime. The only scenario in which I could envision eating here again is if literally every other restaurant on Earth shut down, and they somehow had a monopoly on the planet's remaining food, preventing me from making my own meals. Even then, eating here wouldn't be the obvious choice."}, {"review_id": "pftgrovTsbz5s9XaKBRtIw", "user_id": "-QuYzXdZkCeyN6gXYyKv-w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/15/2018", "text": "Best Hamentashin I've ever had!! Friendly service, clean, great menu choices. Highly recommend."}, {"review_id": "paJoMFNbHv5O8p4x3hjxHA", "user_id": "hO6Pe_NUqxhq9TopmViAOg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/2/2017", "text": "One of my favorite places to go for a comforting hot sandwich. The seating is tight and it can be loud but it's really good. I usually stick to the Reuben's or one of the other hot sandwiches just cause they've always been so tasty. They're big, messy and full of flavor and meat!  Perfect for a cold day and to fill you up if you're like me and lunch is typically the first meal of the day. Sides have always been suitable, I prefer the potato salad or pasta. Seating is tight, but the restaurant is basically the back room of a deli. The manager can be a little overwhelming as he directs the staff all over the place but you could say it kind of adds to the atmosphere. I think I heard him speak Spanish, German and Somalian all in one sitting. If I'm in Highland and I haven't eaten for a while then I'll strongly consider swinging through for a bite to eat."}, {"review_id": "vPG2otMbKKEJQtgYoSFw6g", "user_id": "NODy8MEiBALxb5t9FxTd_w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/28/2018", "text": "Corned beef on caraway rye was great. Fries here are always a winner (crinkle cut).Matzo Ball soup will leave you wanting more."}, {"review_id": "F26YmwhrizRT9-4JNDK_fw", "user_id": "SHSF2Wj4OmUwygLUfUy8og", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/29/2016", "text": "Everything about this place is delightful. Jewish pastries, meats and meals on the daily. When I worked at St Kates this was my go-to lunch and sweets spot. The diner has been there since I was in high school and remains delicious and fresh. If you love Jewish delicatessens or want an amazing Rueben then Cecil's is your spot. If you're only ordering to go there is a cashier before you enter the sit down part where you can order. Otherwise just head to the deli counter for breads, cookies or anything in between."}, {"review_id": "a3z3I8VBU5O3r5wNPGgnYw", "user_id": "PeJtQnnAgpJ3txcWH_MSDg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/13/2017", "text": "This place is sandwich heaven. It's so delicious that I think I'm falling in love with Cecil himself. I find myself munching on my pastrami on rye while trying to catch his eye, but he's just so damn busy keeping this place heavenly, that he hasn't noticed. Yet.So ultimately...My grumbling tummyYearns for Cecil's sandwichesAnd a slice of pie"}, {"review_id": "vLSfslLG-_ndmpTjPfHWPA", "user_id": "ZMmC2fsyftHENUyg7VNuKw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "6/1/2017", "text": "Best pastrami ever! That's my review. Okay, let me go on. The pastrami sandwiches are very thick! Piled about an inch or more high. I know everyone raves about the Reuben's here. But I LOVE pastrami and nearly sort of like corned beef.Cecil's is the classic New York deli that has been transported to St Paul. They have a full delicatessen up front and a diner at the back. I can't get enough of this place. I've been back a few times since I first 'discovered' it. Why didn't someone tell me about them sooner?  I love pastrami and they have my fix. Their breads are wonderful. Several to choose from. They have some of the best coleslaw ever. They even have their own house mustard. Do get that. They have a huge full menu of other stuff that isn't pastrami. I've not tried any of that. But I'm guessing it's pretty good. In the front part you can get just about everything Kosher that exists and desserts."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/cecils-saint-paul-2?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]