[[{"review_id": "laelB80DXw0-62yUKYCffw", "user_id": "Dl8UzehqTZNMfuGksnvoRQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "Three words: tres leches cake. Coming from someone who doesn't crave sweets or like them as much as salty foods, I didn't know I could be in love with a dessert until I tasted Cafe Latte's tres leches cake. It's the most melt in your mouth, lick every last bite, don't touch my slice, type of dessert ever. I could eat the whole cake to myself and we have it for almost every family birthday. I've tried some of their other desserts too and all were really delicious but the original tres leches still wins my heart.Besides their amazing desserts, this is a great fast casual lunch spot for friends and family. It's more of a daytime type of restaurant. Good salads, soups, sandwiches. Their breads all made by them in house too so that adds to the richness and authenticity that they offer. All in all, I'm a life long customer of Cafe Latte."}, {"review_id": "2nWVpzPKac4MfGNKGYQzFA", "user_id": "d0PPh2jNQF8sGUP-hE_mJw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "If you find yourself on Grand please check this place out! You won't regret it. Their desserts are delicious and best known for their Tres Leches. I usually get a slice, but find myself wishing I got the whole cake. Haha The lines seems long, but it goes pretty quickly. Service is friendly and the food is tasty. There's plenty of options from salads, to soups, sandwiches, or rolls. Prices aren't too bad either."}, {"review_id": "uMeIB1-l68Q_dvzVDnpudA", "user_id": "hx-5nkKO9rxcr3WdwZ9EEA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "Hands down, Cafe Latte has absolutley the best cake in Saint Paul. I've been going here since age 12 and continue to love their sweet treats. I especially love their Raspberry Creme torts and Tres Leche. I've also had their chicken salad and that was delicious. There's hardly a time that's not busy but I never have to wait too long. Even if there was a minor wait time, it's so worth it. Most time I hop in and out to grab a cake or two so waiting is not an issue. I also catered their cakes for my wedding and received a ton of compliments from friends, family and guests. Missy was fantastic to work with and responded to emails quickly. The biggest hurdle is parking. There's a parking lot across the street from Cafe Latte but I've actually never parked in there. I've always parked off-street or in the back lot of the strip kittycorner from Cafe Latte. I would highly recommend them!"}, {"review_id": "SwMvHL2yJPrLZUCYzBsmjQ", "user_id": "YkDKDbtj1BRaZ6KYOgv9dw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/21/2018", "text": "Cafe latte is a great place to grab soup and sandwiches. You go through a lines and order what you want and pay at the end. If you go during a lunch or dinner rush, it can be hard to find an empty table!The best part about it is the cakes though! Cafe Latte had some great cake selections. I would recommend their chocolate cake and the tres leche cake, both are mouthwatering! I always end up bring a piece or two home.The drinks here are also delicious. They serve the same beverages as their sister bakery across the street, Bread and Chocolate. I highly recommend the mochas. Very rich and smooth.It isn't very loud here. Nice place to come and catch up with a friend or enjoy a cake!Overall a good place to come and get some quality food and sweets!"}, {"review_id": "xNEv1ELwiRJCt-rwBqgDUw", "user_id": "0DHIEqeDjdE8QfSTv15Jlw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/27/2018", "text": "Café Latte is a classic. It's an institution. It's the correct answer to the question when your out-of-town friend asks, \"Where's the best place to get lunch in St. Paul?\" It's been around for so long that when it opened, lattes weren't something you could get routinely at coffee shops, and it's been around for so long that we used to call this place \"yuppie, but you should eat here anyway.\" This is the kind of place where your gay BFF took you in the early 1990s until you had a falling out in Paris. (Okay, that last sentence might be a wee bit specific to the author. But you know what I mean.)Although the salads and the soups look fantastic, I always order the same thing. The spread plate. It comes with your choice of two or three of their rotating spreads, which include classics like egg salad and guacamole, and inventive concoctions with olives or salmon or whatever they've dreamed up. It also comes with a mini baguette and a bunch of veggies, so you get to make your own little sandwiches. This is an incredibly fun way to eat that will make you feel way more chic than you really are. I also always order a Moo, even though these make me miss my gay BFF. A Moo is a large and outrageously delicious hot chocolate drink. They make them with Nutella these days.  Since literally everything tastes better with Nutella, your choice should be obvious. I won't even comment on the dessert case, as it's the first thing you see when you enter the restaurant and it's obvious AF that you should order something from there.Downsides to Café Latte: it's always crowded, the counter is confusing, and parking on Grand Avenue is not fun. But none of these issues should scare you away, nor should they prevent you from informing that out-of-town guest that they simply cannot visit St. Paul without trying Café Latte."}, {"review_id": "nMdcI7x94ZR7e86-4OtuTA", "user_id": "LgfYQDegm0ruOsE04Lnnig", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/25/2018", "text": "I was craving the classic vanilla cheesecake - ugh! Why is it so delicious!?! If you're a \"local\" it's hard not to stop here frequently. The double chocolate cake and the tres leches is Devine as well, can't go wrong. We just stopped in for the sweet treats today. But if you're looking for a tastey lunch or dinner it's a great place to stop as well. They have several salad choices as well as soups. The salmon wild rice, I was nervous to try but it was so good beyond expectations. They also give you samples to try before you commit which is always a bonus because I'm so indecisive sometimes. Love it here. Don't be alarmed by the price, a little on the spendy side for quick quality grub."}, {"review_id": "_pcDveYWAuArQXsLJvdNqQ", "user_id": "Pc_6zCKAnoL20P9PibeZTg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "12/31/2017", "text": "This place is pretty busy, so that's a decent sign!  The customer service was good and the baristas were friendly enough.  I got the raspberry white mocha, which was pretty tasty; I'd recommend and get again.  I also got a chocolate buttercream cupcake, not really impressed - it tasted as though it'd been sitting out all day and was more dry than I prefer.  I feel like I could rate this place higher had I tried something else, the ala carte style food smells and looks delicious, and their cakes look quite appealing.  But I haven't tried them, so can't review them.  I'd go back to this spot to check out their other options.  Atmosphere wise, this location is not super easy for parking, it's loud and busy, and while it seems to have a decent amount of space and seating, it feels crowded and drafty.   So it's an okay spot to grab a quick little bite and coffee, but it's not really a chill/relax atmosphere."}, {"review_id": "i21Eax6yE-R6zzhTmHqI0A", "user_id": "NQOJtfBfQ7FNENtJuXJLYw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/23/2018", "text": "You can't go wrong with Cafe Latte! I stopped in on a Friday night, after a nice dinner to enjoy a slice of cake and wine. It was busy but we were able to find a table in the corner. There's live music on Friday nights which is a major a plus. It really sets the mood for a nice hangout. The music created an intimate atmosphere. We were able to share conversations without the music being too loud. What an amazing place! You can't go wrong with good food and wine. WIN! WIN!"}, {"review_id": "0T5KTpqnDRZPWOeogCA9lQ", "user_id": "LCsS8gusfGNWnnU4ZyLPCg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/11/2017", "text": "This unique hangout/eatery is one of the things that make this stretch of Grand Avenue in St Paul such an interesting area. I remember hearing many years ago about how this was the place to go for desserts. Consequently, every once in a while, I stop in for a dessert. Which is what I did recently; I strolled in with a friend after eating somewhere else, and we got some coffee and cake, and relaxed for a good long while. The cake this time was unusually dry, but in my experience, they know their way around baked goods.When you walk into Cafe Latte for the first time, you might be surprised and even confused by the array of offerings before you. The counter seems to loop off endlessly in both directions, morphing into different bistro-esque identities along the way. Each meta-counter has its own cashier, so you're free to treat it like Grand Avenue's version of a food court; one has desserts, one has salads, one has... \"spreads\"? Like, hummus and olive spread and many other similar spread-y things. I didn't linger long enough to get a complete understanding of what you do with that section. But the far end of the motley sequence of counters is a lovely wine bar with upscale pizzas. With its large windows overlooking Grand & Victoria, it's just a nice place to relax.Be prepared to put a little extra effort into finding parking, if arriving by car. And be prepared for pretty plump prices for a cafe. And for best results, give yourself time to look around at everything they have available, and to just soak up the atmosphere in a leisurely manner."}, {"review_id": "rfdzXmNDl4QD1aseZv8F8w", "user_id": "9cS0aMtgnqAj41FMXyxefg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "Tried 3 cakes for here. Vanilla tres leches, tiramisu tres leches and German chocolate. Tiramisu is a great hit. Vanilla tres leches is very light and smooth. Not too sweet. German chocolate is VERY sweet with a thick layer of real chocolate. On top is a layer of coconut shred caramel with some walnuts. Cakes disappeared before I could snap a picture..."}, {"review_id": "-J5ZTdEvCv0ueVXW3-k5jw", "user_id": "HhzWodykGnLAilFeF8AHMw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/3/2018", "text": "Since relocating to MN almost a year ago, I've been on the hunt for a tres leches dessert that will satisfy my South Florida taste buds.  Cafe Latte had been on my list of bookmarked places to go, just wish I would have made it there sooner!  I finally stopped by to try their tiramisu tres leches, but the only tres leches they had was salted caramel and it did not disappoint!  This will for sure be my go to place for tres leches cravings.  Next on my list to try is the tres leches tiramisu!"}, {"review_id": "T0eo1Q1_ZOu1k4IzQv_C3w", "user_id": "h1TcT01LP2-h2Fb6qYYVEw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/21/2017", "text": "The BEST CAKE EVER!I got the tres leches and it was the literally the most amazing thing ever.The bread part was super moist and not as sweet as I thought It would be(which is good). The whipped cream was perfectly whipped and the raspberries were super fresh. The cafe itself was super busy! And they had a variety of food. Unfortunately I want able to try other things but the cake- which gave me 200% satisfactory! If I ever need cake I know this is where to go. I want 10 more pleaseee!"}, {"review_id": "1Q2uk5CkeRGYKLliIPWgtw", "user_id": "zTT22RUw1hUeFP9Qc0kVrw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/27/2018", "text": "If you live in the twin cities and haven't been here yet you should be ashamed. Hell if you live within a few hours of the twin cities and haven't been you should be ashamed. This is hands down the best place to get cake. Their turtle cake should be world famous. Chocolate chocolate is out of this world. Tres leche cake (in various flavors) is exquisite. So many different types of cheesecakes, all dope af. Even the fruit tart is amazing. Go, devour, and then crave this every day until your next visit. Oh and their actual food is good too. Great soups, salads, and pizzas. Probably my favorite spot and an absolute go to!"}, {"review_id": "OzQ7aMro4Nwmj7QqaUvx4w", "user_id": "MwpKd-2qHPVyqQBfXvsV_Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "7/2/2017", "text": "They're one of the best this town has to offer. 1. CakesI am very proud to say that I have tried EVERY single cake they sell, multiple times at that. My favorites are: - Tres leches (chocolate): I really like this one. I always get it as a whole cake. They don't have party size for this one. Be ready to fork out some $36 or more. - Tres leches (vanilla): too much cream and too much sugar you can actually taste. I used to like it a lot, but not so much these days. - Caramel tres leches: nah, not for me. too sour caramel. don't feel like eating cake. - Coconut tres leche: okay this is quite good actually, especially if you like coconut. Occasionally the flake will get stuck on your throat and you will think you'll die now. But you'll survive, don't worry. - Streusels: all their streusels are good, especially peach and blueberry. not so good cakes: - Raspberry cream torte: it tastes like eating jam with bread. really not my kinda cake. it also has that weird after taste too. - Cheesecakes: actually not bad at all. If you like cheesecakes in general, maybe try it out. - Turtle cake: keep hearing it is their go-to cake. I hated it. reminded me of the poor boy who had to eat the whole chocolate cake in movie/musical Matilda. Just makes me wanna vomit. I do like to eat the walnuts though. rare cakes:- rarely they make banana cake, carrot cake, banana walnut cake etc. Those are amazing! just call ahead to see if they've got any. Otherwise, those aren't always available. 2. FoodI really like their food. Salads are great, love their soups as well. Great food. 3. ServiceWell it is self service if you choose to sit down and have a meal. But still, you interact enough with the cashiers and they're great. I don't really recall having a bad encounter with them. 4. Live musicSometimes they have live music in the bar area and it is great. good food, great cakes and music? and did I mention wine? sign me up!5. AmbienceIt is a 2 story establishment where you go upstairs by walking up the stairs in the middle of the restaurant. Too short dresses will be weird, I have done. was very self conscious as the stairs have spaces. Could be a casual dating spot or serious cake obsessed's get together. 6. ParkingDepends on when you come, but usually a hassle. All the street parking spaces are always full and most residential areas nearby don't allow parking. I want to make it clear that this place is not expensive per se, but not cheap. Just 1 cake and you are 40 out, add another slice or a coffee, then it'll add up real fast. Problem: well I have been their loyal customer since 2009, and I come here once a month.. so I am very confident to say that they have increased their price during the last decade but very little. So how to they stay afloat? Well the size has truly gotten smaller. take tres leches, sometimes the size of the cake looks the same, but when you cut the cake, you will realize there's hardly anything to eat but cream. I wish they simply raised the price and kept the quality. Still, this place is better than most other bakeries in Twin cities."}, {"review_id": "gCQqGbbUjzJE0QR0uaBYAg", "user_id": "avUklb0ivSRLuCdplu80cA", "rating": 2.0, "date": "12/10/2017", "text": "Apparently I didn't get the memo that Cafe Latte was the best restaurant to ever grace the twin cities. The way Cafe Latte is a \"cafeteria\" style place, meaning you grab a tray and go through the line picking out what you want. Most people when they think of cafeterias think of school. This is definitely a step up from school lunches but I've had way better cafeteria style service and food. Your options are limited to sandwiches, spreads, soups, and salads. I went with the spreads and the soups. I got the egg salad, chicken spread, and guacamole. The egg salad was super bland, like it had never heard of salt before. The guacamole tasted like something you get from a grocery store. The chicken spread was good though. It had a lot of really good flavors, but still didn't pack much of a punch. I did the chicken and dumpling soup as well. Again it just was lacking in flavor and seasoning. The Midwest has a reputation for thinking that ketchup is spicy, and the food here seemed to play into that stereotype. I'm not asking for spicy food, but some seasoning and flavors wouldn't hurt. My husband couldn't even finish one of his spreads because it was just so bad. We ended with dessert which to me was meh. I had the raspberry torte. It was dry, lacked a good raspberry tartness, and again just lacked flavor. It tasted like a dry sponge with cream. I've had some of their other desserts and they are good, but I don't think they are the best things I've ever had. The service here was also just terrible. You know when you watch TV and the people working at a place have that look of \"I don't get paid enough to care\", that was this place. Everyone just seemed kind of bored or pissed off to be serving you. My husband even asked me if the woman who served our desserts seemed kind of mean, and he never thinks people are mean. I think Cafe Latte at one time probably would have been a shining star in the Twin Cities. The cities have grown up though and this place didn't get the memo. 71/100"}, {"review_id": "ccPBBJMiMjuIrnJ6C4IfuA", "user_id": "hzUyxsPx9j9_Ln8T1giBmw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/10/2018", "text": "A great place for desserts, lunch, and dinner with friends, family or alone. You've gotta try their spreads with breads. My favorites are the basil Sonoma and the truffle pâté. They give you generous portion slices of cakes that could be shared. My favorite cake there is the raspberry torte. A must have if you haven't had it yet!"}, {"review_id": "VqE0llir6M7-ANFc3dDUEQ", "user_id": "6hoWll-1HNqtMVQFM3eNhA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "My go-to spot for dessert! Great cakes and a good deli for soups, salads, sandwiches."}, {"review_id": "JxvvjHAsxT1yBprR6BGNgw", "user_id": "KIikLewMIBDl2QGNEnAcnQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/7/2018", "text": "I've only been here for the desserts, which are amazingly decadent and delicious. My favorite is the fruit tart, which is not too sweet and perfectly balanced. I also like the flourless chocolate cake, German chocolate cake and the vanilla tres leches if I'm indulging."}, {"review_id": "tXbqn_a2qyiETMANPNMWSA", "user_id": "nW6NN73N9JOdjyN6tR83jA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "12/30/2017", "text": "For soup and salad lovers, great place. Tasted great and loved it. Good spot for a quick lunch. Tried the pizza as well and it was pretty good.The line to get food is a bit goofy though and it can be a challenge moving around when it gets crowded. Also, a bit loud with the open space design."}, {"review_id": "VspYrisopYvryyS12Ig1dg", "user_id": "61u3vzrb9XW7UXmGrVAx4Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "7/25/2017", "text": "Welcome to the home of famous landmarks such as Turtle Cake and Tres Leches Cake. This place is a great place for anyone new or visiting St. Paul or the Twin Cities. It is in the beautiful Grand Avenue neighborhood, has a lot of seating, and serves up tasty desserts.There is also a full coffee bar and sandwich deli if you are looking fir more than just sweets but really you need you go here for the desserts. Double Chocolate cake, Turtle, or Tres Leches are all great choices. You cannot go wrong in that, unless you are trying to avoid sugar then avoid St all costs because it is addicting good. Did I mention you can get stuff to go?? We were once surprised by our friends with a cake and it made our week!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/cafe-latt%C3%A9-saint-paul-2?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]