[[{"review_id": "x-ISTDpoQIfoKFlsMPCB1g", "user_id": "wN04ij95dyUz36t8TpylSA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/16/2018", "text": "No matter where I go, no matter what kinds of delicious food I experience, The Nook has always been and likely will always be my favorite restaurant of all time. I can't even tell you how many times I've been here- my first time was back in 2006 at the tender age of 17- but I can tell you that I have never once had a bad experience. When I was living out of state and heard that they had burned down I was devastated, and when I moved back to MN and heard they had reopened, I came running. I could go on, but enough sentiment; let's talk food.Honestly, you can't go wrong here but let's be real: you are here for the Juicy Lucy. My first Juicy was here, and while I've had them elsewhere and enjoyed myself(Matt's Bar, 5-8 Club and Blue Door Pub deserve honorable mentions here), I remain convinced that The Nook makes the best. I think it's the cheese that does it: hot, gooey but not too thick and lots of it. My girlfriend hates eating them in front of people who aren't close friends because there's no way to eat it without getting big globs of molten cheese running down your chin, but to me that's my definition of real beauty. The fries are amazing too; I especially love the sweet potato fries. A little advice from a pro: eat your Juicy Lucy over the fries, so they can catch whatever cheese drops down and ensure that you don't miss a drop. One warning: this place can be busy, especially if you're coming around dinner or on the weekend, but what did you expect? It's a poplar place, and worth the wait.Whether you're passing through the Twin Cities, new to the area, or a longtime local, if there's one thing I can tell you about this place, it's this: come to The Nook. You won't leave disappointed."}, {"review_id": "C8LM2ubBYhKpfrYsm0lg2Q", "user_id": "Ujvil9PwjPZFLMsk28WrhQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "The bf and I are big fans of Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives and anytime we visit a new city, we always try to hit a few spots and Casper's and Runyon's Nook was our 2nd hit of the day. We got in line about 6:15pm thinking getting there a little early would be a good idea and it was but so did numerous other people. We were seated about 45-50 minutes after we got there and were seated towards the back not far from the kitchen so we got to kind of watch the action. Our server took almost 10 minutes to wait on us but at that point, we knew what we wanted and were ready to order. (FYI, they only serve beer and wine as far as alcohol is concerned). We got the hand-dipped cheese curds for our appetizer, the bf got the Spanish Fly burger and I got the Juicy Nookie and added bacon. The burgers are thicker in height rather than larger in circumstance so that the cheese doesn't bust out all over the place. I highly recommend that you wait several minutes before biting in if you get one of the stuffed burgers, otherwise, you'll burn the bejesus out of your mouth. The cheese curds were really good but once they got cold, they got tough but my bf ate them anyway. I'm not sure if they season their burgers or not and I'm not much for putting salt and pepper on my burger but I did because otherwise, it was somewhat bland but still good. They also give you a crap load of fries with your burger and I really didn't eat a lot of them because I was focused on the burger and for good reason. At one point about 1/2 way thru the burger, I took a bite and cheese oozed out onto my finger and it was still pretty hot about 20 minutes into eating it. I'm not a \"big eater but I made it 3/4's of the way thru the burger and probably would have finished it had I not had some of the cheese curds.My only complaint was that our server Danielle could have been a bit more attentive. I think she checked on us maybe 3 or 4 times between the manager bringing us our burgers and us being finished for at least 15 minutes just waiting on the bill. Time wise, that was at least 1 hour to 1 hour and 20 minutes total time frame from getting our food to getting the bill."}, {"review_id": "MaIbpkwia1tSFx5u_QDF7Q", "user_id": "Ljy_R1PXUKAv3mtJfdNBWw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "1/31/2018", "text": "IS this place as awesome as the nearly 5 stars it carries. NO.There was no wait time for a seat. Good service Took about 20 - 30 minutes for the food to arrive. Does not carry any hard liquor, my wife wanted a margarita but no, they couldn't make it.  Juicy Lucy - Its ok, I'm not entirely sure what the hype is about.    Wings - 7 out of 10. Would I go again - YesOverall - 7 out of 10"}, {"review_id": "MIhCu6iogCkGPPBE4Unpag", "user_id": "JtxtH6s457ENPOzvHDzwmA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "1/22/2018", "text": "Decided to try this place with a coworker, and it was okay. We thought the atmosphere was pretty decent. There is a bowling alley in the basement, which was cool. It reminded me of Bryant Lake Bowl, with the old school bowling area. We both got the Juicy Nookie. It's not that it was bad or so delicious, it's my favorite. I've had a Juicy Lucy a few different places now, and I've realized, they aren't for me. I like my cheese evenly or mostly covering my burger. I don't like to take one bite, and it all ooze out of the burger (on my clothes) and then the rest of the \"cheese\" burger is really just a hamburger. I'm not saying don't go here, it was terrible, no. The service was great, we went when it wasn't all that busy, so there was no wait for a seat, and it wasn't crowded. But it really didn't do anything for us.So try it, don't try, I do and also don't recommend it."}, {"review_id": "MTRrpBzLLmzqYgtcefdTNg", "user_id": "0GlZ4Fz6OQZz2Y9a_fOIAg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "As seen on Diners, Drive Ins, and Dives.  Having the \"Guys Big Bite\" Burger.  Stuffed with pepper jack cheese, topped with roast beef, bacon, and fried onions. Very good.  And my fries were crispy!  So many places get the fries wrong."}, {"review_id": "Bs2VudN_IdK_jS4bTuv6vA", "user_id": "ghNS3F1HD0L9BtIqTmq39A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/9/2018", "text": "Because I travel to.. eat! I've heard about the \"Juicy Lucy\" about 5 years ago. Someone said - if I ever went to Minnesota, I had to try! Ha.. Like I'd ever go to Minnesota (I told myself). Well, 5 years later and where does my job send me?! Brick ass Minnesota! Anyway, it lives up to the name and the rep! So, now here I am telling you all.. if ever in Minnesota make sure you stop in and try!"}, {"review_id": "M82FuLTtlk-4mpHowBId1w", "user_id": "3E-0Sv6Cy_i0YAj3SPg9Yw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/29/2017", "text": "When we drove into Minneapolis for a wedding we drove past our hotel and went straight to Casper's and Runyon's Nook. We were on a mission, and that mission was to try a *juicy lucy*. We did our due dilligence and did our research on Yelp for the best place to complete that mission, and while this place was on the smaller side of a tavern and didn't haven't the most extensive juicy lucy menu, we definitely came to the right place for not just delicious burgers but also fantastic northern ambiance and fare that we grew to love during our years in Madison.So, first impression upon walking in to Casper's and Runyon's: dark, loud, a bit hard to navigate through all of the tight corners with tables and booths stuffed into whatever places that could find free spots. But, as we sat and soaked this all in, my family and I realized this was the type of atmostphere of our favorite pubs and taverns and in Wisconsin. The servers were down-to-earth, knowledgable, helpful, and genuinely apologetic when they made any missteps (they forgot to put in our appetizer order, so it arrived just a few minutes before our burgers)We hardly had to look at the menu because we knew exactly what we wanted: cheese curds, juicy lucys, and local beer. And that's what we got. My family of five almost literally fought each other as we pounced on our basket of cheese curds. It's everything that a cheese curd ought to be--the curd was stretchy, and most importantly: SQUEEKY! The batter light but extremely crispy. You tasted the cheese, but the batter brought another element of texture besides just squishy cheese.Now on to the main event: my husband got the Paul Moliter while I got the Juicy Nookie while our children split a kid's burger and had some of ours. Like the first impression of the joint, we didn't think much when our burgers arrived: they weren't very big, many not much bigger than my husband's first in diameter and no fixings besides some grilled onions. However, after cutting into our burgers and watching in awe as the cheese oozed out and then taking our first few bites we were simultaneously bemoaning the fact that we didn't have more to eat yet incredibly satisfied with our meals. And not to mention the fries were perfectly crispy and Summit beer that we had along our burgers were fantastic, as well.Casper's and Runyon's Nook is the epitome of all that we love about the Upper Midwest: modest and unassuming but absolutely quality and excellence in its products. Absolutely fantastic."}, {"review_id": "AWFRi8F86gzH9h08t4epGA", "user_id": "k3Bmg55wtL6TuGyjMce2OQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/1/2017", "text": "So how do you counterbalance an overindulgence in Halloween candy?  With a greasy burger and fries of course!  So we were over in the highland park area where the trick-or-treat set up is out of this world.  The displays are crazy like Christmas and a ton of kids running around.  After a nice walk in the neighborhood and a bulging sack of candy, we naturally gravitated to a dive bar bowling alley.  Steve said the burgers here are out of this world and lucky for us, barely anyone was here (which is rare).  I ordered the Triple B burger which is bourbon bacon and bourbon bbq sauce with smokey cheddar cheese.  Man o man this burger was tasty!  I wanted to eat a whole pound of that bacon just on it's own and the sauce was oh so delicious!  It came with a nice pile of crispy fries too.  My daughter ordered a plain burger with fries and Steve dove into the purple and gold burger (purple onions and cheddar cheese).  There was this chipotle ranch dipping sauce that we discovered is amazeballs when blended with ketchup for a super tasty french fry dip.  When it comes to ambiance, make no mistake about it, this place is a real dive.  The walls and ceilings are covered with defaced dollar bills tacked on with tape. The bowling alley with 4 lanes is truly old school where you can watch the balls return on the track. There are some really cool robot paintings on the wall.  The service was good and it was quiet for a Tuesday night.  I would definitely come back here for that burger but not sure I would be willing to wait for a long time to do it.....NOTE:  I will eat a steak with some pink in it but when it comes to burgers, I always get mine well done.  I don't always trust ground beef and for good reason...  Steve felt sick later in the evening and we don't know if it was the beef or the onions that did it but something was off (he ordered his burger medium rare). Live and learn."}, {"review_id": "MYB7IRh-7de4mIQa2PwNfw", "user_id": "YO7RW77ANgi6H-dlpPX51w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/6/2017", "text": "This has been on my radar for awhile now and it did not disappoint! I got the Paul Moliter which is a pepper jack cheese stuffed burger that was perfectly cooked medium with fried onions on top, yum. Cut in half, the cheese was just oozing out. What I appreciated the most about this burger was how a clean eat it was. Some people like to dig in and say the messier the better, but I prefer my burger less greasy, my bun not wet and my white shirt that day to stay white. I also changed my fries to sweet potato fries which came with a chipotle mayo dipping sauce. So worth the extra price. My group of friends also shared two baskets of honey bacon cheese curds. Definitely worth the calories for that item.Things of note. There is a handicap door on the side entrance with a button! I did not know then when I first came in, but I did leave through that door. We also were a group of 8 people and I was surprisingly pleased with how quickly we were seated for a Friday evening. It all is in the strategy though and with this big of group we came at 6:30pm to beat the dinner rush."}, {"review_id": "y6bOcaProiGcs6Tl7p8Syg", "user_id": "6pAXrYd5BHGWZPTK0JaR5g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/8/2017", "text": "What can I say about the Nook that hasn't been said? Famous for their Juicy Lucy and enviably located in the Highland Park Area, it's the things a Twin Cities foodie's dreams are made of!My favorites from the menu include the Paul Molitor which is a juicy stuffed with pepper jack cheese, their Pot O' Gold wings with dry rub seasoning, and the Jalapeño popper dip."}, {"review_id": "cdsDMZ2wqxefkBUY8Ia8Pw", "user_id": "91-QD5bNIOqH4WJdJtstJA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/22/2017", "text": "Open til 1 am on weekdays and the kitchen is open til 11:00 pm. This is the go-to spot for late night eats while everything else is closing. I went on Tuesday so I got their special - the Triple B burger (Bourbon,Bacon burger) for $7.95! I recommend paying extra for sweet potato fries)!"}, {"review_id": "Hy0QGina9n5VkTT2G-_vHA", "user_id": "MLbHeXL6S2M1daO3R15SJg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/29/2017", "text": "I absolutely LOVE this place. You know what? I'll even call it my favourite restaurant. My best friend was the one who first introduced this restaurant to me, and although I've only ever been back a couple of times, I get so excited when I do get to go back.Unfortunately, I was only in Minnesota for college, and after I graduated, I moved to New York. But I bought plane tickets to visit for Thanksgiving pretty much 100% because I wanted to eat here. And friends, I GUESS. But mainly this restaurant.After booking a plane ticket a month before Thanksgiving, I texted my friend and told him that he better free up his Black Friday evening so we could go get some of the most amazing burgers in the world. A week before Thanksgiving, I was sitting in my silly office cubicle on the 35th floor that had an amazing view of New York City. And I was daydreaming of the Spanish Fly burger that I would be ordering from in exactly 8 days.8 days later, that day came. It was glorious. I did end up getting the Spanish Fly, and it was as amazing as I had remembered it. As my friend and I gazed out across the bowling alley, we dreamed about what it would be like to get married here. Walking down the bowling alley lanes, eating the Nook's delicious burgers and being in love... Oh, and your future spouse will be there too.In all seriousness, this place is wonderful. It's this cute little place with a bowling alley in the basement and another seating area where people have written notes on dollar bills and stuck them up on the walls and the ceilings. I highly, highly, HIGHLY recommend the Nook. Like, seriously. Go."}, {"review_id": "J6DC1QdThgwSw9OySbWPJw", "user_id": "-Tg5YTEMbnYw3fQN99xKCQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/8/2018", "text": "This place was well worth the drive in -6 degree weather during the Super Bowl.  Everyone always recommends Matt's and Hell's Kitchen when you want a Juicy Lucy or some good food in the Twin cities but some kind of way I found this hidden Jewel in St. Paul that you will miss if you didn't actually look for it.  This spot has a bar feel with a few tables to the side but when you go inside it gives you the feel of Cheers.  Now besides the atmosphere, the Food was wellllll Worth it.  The wing which I had.....had this dry rub that just had this robust flavor that just lasted the entire week I was there.  I didn't need any ranch or blue cheese to compliment it, it was that good.  I think the wings were so good, I didn't need the Juicy Lucy at all.  Now on to Juicy Lucy! Beware!!! The cheese will attack you!  The Juicy Lucy was very good and there were so many different kinds you could get.  The Paul Molitor looked interested but I wasn't that Brave.  When you do get that Juicy Lucy make sure you get a fried egg with in.  YUM.  Great place for food, beer and atmosphere.  Don't forgot to look at there Happy Hour Menu it is great also."}, {"review_id": "KgUMwzTO9y_IvTy2k3sCjA", "user_id": "Kg474Uqa3lICBrV_sejiqw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "7/4/2017", "text": "I love this cozy bar. Been here only two times and that's because I live far but I would definitely make this my go to spot otherwiseThe service is so great I love how friendly they are and the food omg is to lick your fingers. I ordered the one of the stuffed burgers the guy burger u know the guy with that spikes hair from tv omg order that one u won't regret it has so much flavors and texture it ozzies of cheese if your a onion ring fan like me instead of fries sub for the onion rings a dollar more. It also very affordable for two people and two beers came to 38 my husband had a corona and I had a baby drink a apple orchard If you are thinking about coming don't think just go seriously the best"}, {"review_id": "nHzVEQ0hkKnWneGVWDyfng", "user_id": "X_akvO8H2wA1w3uiF_iW7A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/28/2017", "text": "My family's go to spot for some greasy grub whenever we are in the twin cities. The HAND DIPPED CHEESE CURDS are a MUST, if you order anything here order these!Foodwise I stick to anything with Walleye on the menu. The fam usually orders one of the many burgers which I'm told taste wonderful and juicy. Sandwiches and burgers come with a side of fries. On my last visit I ordered the Walleye Sandwich, but instead of getting regular fries I went with the sweet potato fries, great decision! The bite sized sweet potato crinkle cuts had a really unique flavor and the perfect amount of crispiness, not limp and tasteless like others I've had in the past. For beverages I recommend one of the many Midwest beers on tap, Leinenkugel's Honey Weiss is a personal fave or try a root beer on tap in a frozen mug. Parking is available at the front or in the back, just be sure that you don't park in the grocery store parking spots, the restaurant even has a sign up at the entrance asking customers not to park in the designated grocery store spaces. Downstairs is a bowling alley that looks like it was built circa 1970. One time we came here on a super busy night and got seated downstairs in a room next to the alley which we all enjoyed. We look forward to our next visit when we're in town. Hi"}, {"review_id": "MrHgCeU-J7lXAi8bpbKJIQ", "user_id": "lXBBiDRp49-PakobadGDKA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/24/2017", "text": "Great cheese curds. Probably the best I've ever had actually. I recommend the burger with the pepper in it. On nights and weekends The Nook can have a bit of a wait. But it's usually pretty organized and you'll get seated eventually, but it's SO worth it. (If the restaurant is very busy you might have to wait outside, which isn't awesome if it's freezing out.) There is free street parking outside and on the surrounding blocks."}, {"review_id": "qPpwknnOIcCL5bqI4ZdV1w", "user_id": "e9V2zXpq5vYZaxY3IF_taw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/29/2017", "text": "I've had stuffed burgers, and then there's this place with its overflowing stuffed burger. Guy's burger, a great start if you're not familiar with this place. Really delicious, and I'm sad there's not one like this where I'm really from."}, {"review_id": "bIoMJ6eT0eLTmKjXppShFQ", "user_id": "J7ajoeoevm0iEevahiQYyg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/19/2017", "text": "Best Burger in the Entire Nation5x - Hot Wing Challenge WinnerThe service is Always Top Notch.Line around the block, it's That GoodAsk for \"The Prospector\""}, {"review_id": "c07y_3AXY8WVzhqV9uzT7g", "user_id": "eG1Tur78lGPRLPysNSzadQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/3/2017", "text": "The Nook is dangerous. But I suspect you knew that fact. One doesn't just stumble into the nook, you plan accordingly. This includes fasting a few days prior, and then planning your gym visit immediate thereafter. Is it worth? Why yes, yes it is....This isn't home of the original legendary Juicy Lucy, but they sure have mastered and apparently taken full ownership, enter the Juicy Nookie. The burgers are perfectly done(cooked medium) and stuffed with oozing cheesy goodness. Yes, the cheese is really stuffed inside of the patty! You really can't go wrong with any of the options. My choice, Guys big bite features: pepper jack stuffing, topped with cheddar, roast beef and cheddar. This combination is all types of right. The item that doesn't get enough credit is the cheese curds; straight from the cheese source itself(Ellsworth Wisconsin). These are by far the best curds I have ever had, and honestly might have surpassed my burger on the satisfaction meter. All other sides are worth considering, but these curds are a necessity! That's two local favorites in one sitting. Your taste buds will thank you. Your waist line? That's another story altogether...."}, {"review_id": "9nuM3j_JtDRqUbviesn8Qw", "user_id": "2HXvyVPa1V733-BCU8OO7Q", "rating": 2.0, "date": "4/27/2017", "text": "After so looking forward to gorging myself with a juicy nookie we were left disappointed and unsatisfied.Spanish fly - lacked flavor and the cheese wasn't warm. However the chips were great!Juicy Nookie - Cheese was cold...isn't the point of that burger the cheese! BOO! I should have sent it back."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/caspers-and-runyons-nook-saint-paul?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]