[[{"review_id": "1LdcPzEwlX9YLV3ADGwW7Q", "user_id": "VxIgcRrT-_KlJNLTKRhYcw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "Unique creations, and whimsical dive-bar feel. Another good spot off Selby in residential Saint Paul. The food is beautiful to look at and just as tasty. I ordered the ramen, yes ramen, at a bar. They are not confined by tradition and simply make what they believe tastes good. There really isn't a generic label to describe the food, and you should not compare what you order to it's traditional origins. It's in a league if it's own and the creativity is appreciated. The cocktails are equally as interesting.The free street parking is fairly easy even if you need to walk a block. It was seat yourself at the time of day I went, but it looked like they were prepared to seat people later in the evening. I will certainly return to experience more of their menu, and update my review as I do."}, {"review_id": "CDJx1TegvkaNHAKpt1Aecg", "user_id": "5XGrn-WbyV9u6d5s8w2f_A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/12/2018", "text": "Lunch, Dinner or even in between this is the spot to be. I've come back here on many occasions and I honestly can say this is the spot for you to be at for food! They have a decent selection but I'd say a very small and decent size so you're not sitting there deciding on hundreds of things. Every time I've gone, I've had the opportunity to try something new and I'll let the pictures speak for themselves! I went ahead this time and got the pork egg rolls and also the steak tartare. This was for starters which is on their favorites list! There's others on that list but since the last time I went I was already able to try the other dishes! Don't take my word for it if you head on over here make sure to order the tater tot's they are definitely not your small tater tots so be warned! They're bigger than normal! When the two dishes came out they were huge portions of the egg rolls and steak tartare. I definitely recommend sharing these two dishes if you have another person or at least I feel it could feed up to 2-4 people! Flavor was definitely all there for both dishes. My girlfriend went with the Duck Burger and it's made with wild rice in the burger! It gave it a very flavorful taste to my taste buds. Nothing \"Duck\" tasting for those that are worried! Tasted more like turkey and made well over all! If you can take the time stop by Happy Gnome and enjoy a plate or two!"}, {"review_id": "CTX_4UNBIq_0xiq71Nogfw", "user_id": "TALk5su15OQRs08uk7qV1g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "What a fun place. Great food, nice variety of micro brews and ciders.The food quality is AMAZING. Very helpful and attentive staff.Very accommodating to a large group. On my new favorites list"}, {"review_id": "h8ECfbq_aIEZ7CCb22x8vg", "user_id": "ka3DiUn_NCapFhxlTQvYCw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "This frickin' place - seriously - what a hidden gem! Ambience is super quaint, friendly and patient wait staff and they've got a great local tap menu. The food was ridiculously good - I mean the polenta alone is worth going there for - seriously, just ask them for a bowl of it - they'll do it!!! Mussels are presented with this stupid good sausage broth....ask for more bread to dip it in - I was eating it with a damn spoon!!!! Seriously though....a great experience, exceptional good, phenomenal drink menu - a must must try if you're in the neighborhood!!!"}, {"review_id": "6O6UEjTYYPKvL5Y1HX3D7g", "user_id": "Dl8UzehqTZNMfuGksnvoRQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "Happy Gnome is my go to for a happy hour or dinner with friends. They have a fair list of options for HH and everything I've tried has been made with high quality ingredients. Their fries are some of my favorite ever. Hand cut and skin on. Their dipping sauce to go with them is delicious too. Lobster mac and cheese is good but not the best I've had. Poutine and their tots there are pretty delicious too. Feel like this would make a nice dinner date spot. Casual but still nice ambience, and they have their own parking lot so it's convenient to drive/park. Can't go wrong with Happy Gnome!"}, {"review_id": "MF5KVv_R6WdglLyUuKkJMA", "user_id": "R6TEmXzQ5SYrxxs2MiyH0A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/25/2018", "text": "I went here yesterday for lunch with a friend. We drove by and decided to stop. It had a lot of cute gnome decorations outside. I was so surprised to see all of the beers on tap upon walking in... seriously they must have had 50! The beer menu is the most organized beer menu I've ever seen and it was incredible! I opted for a raspberry wheat on some kind. They had a few specials on the menu but I opted for the blackened salmon sandwich which came with fries. Our food came out fairly quickly. My friend ordered the shrimp risotto which was huge and even came with mussels and a big crab leg. My sandwich tasted good but I was disappointed with how think the bread was.. totally unnecessary and I only ate half the bread serving. Overall, the food was really fresh, the staff is really friendly and there are great beer options. This is a place worth checking out!"}, {"review_id": "dB6WpGecYgCKep9hLcwJvw", "user_id": "do99OWeyyueHnjuHN-QjVQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/4/2018", "text": "Fantastic beer selection, relaxed atmosphere and craft comfort food. Everything you want in a great bar. I ordered a flight - 5 beers for $15 - which includes any 5 beers on the menu. It's a steal of a deal considering the high quality (and high abv!) beer options. They also had a special tapping of Indeed Rum King verticals while I was there. Got me a nice dark pour of velvetty chocolately goodness. Yummy. For food, I got the short rib eggrolls ($12). The breading was perfectly light and flakey, filled with succulent pieces of short rib. It was served with a tangy korean bbq sauce that had a nice spice kick to it.Happy Gnome is the kind of place I could eat at every day and not get bored. I'll be back!"}, {"review_id": "ekiEK-NbDpq3LnOLsSblBA", "user_id": "UPMcD3fORJm08gpGFnOX5g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/4/2017", "text": "Oh so good.  I ate here last night with a group of friends.  It was one of those meals you don't want to end.  I started the night off with a beer flight, five 5 oz beers.  There were so many to choose from on their extensive beer list that you just can't settle for one, so the flight is the way to go.  The descriptions were really helpful and everything I ordered was pretty tasty.  It's also a pretty good deal depending on what you order vs just ordering single 10 oz glasses.I shared the Lobster Mac and Cheese and Duck Burger with my wife for dinner.  The mac and cheese was really good: the asparagus is a nice twist and the lobster adds great flavor without being too fishy (always a risk in MN).  The duck burger was phenomenal!  Quite possibly the best burger I have ever had.  The creamy goat cheese with bacon crumbles on top adds such good flavor.  I may have scrounged the leftovers off of a tablemate's plate who ordered the same thing (how anyone could stop themselves from eating that, I don't know).Looking around the table, everything looked delicious. I can't wait to try something else."}, {"review_id": "6--rIiRRdqaBabBanHKXSQ", "user_id": "ZKr4YuXdzq41sVk-_29k-w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/28/2017", "text": "I came here first on a fluke invitation to one of their hosted events a Hawaiian pig roast to feature a Maui ale they'd gotten in. That was good, but wasn't amazing. However, when returning since that event twice to their actual dining inside, I've been really impressed. The first time, I was with a massive group of eight or nine people, which they handled perfectly with short notice for a lunch visit. I had the Curry Butternut Squash Risotto which was fantastic. I'm a risotto fanatic, and I wasn't disappointed. It was flavorful, without being too spicy and it was a very filling size. It could have been two lunches if I wasn't feeling gluttonous! The second time I visited I had the house-made ramen which I didn't like as much as the risotto. It was yummy, but the meat had some fatty bits that I had to hunt out and there was some flavor element that didn't totally agree with me. The leftover ramen that I took home was actually yummier  because everything soaked in the broth flavors that much longer. For those that drink, this place has a massive beer selection so it's always fun to watch people try and pick. I hope to go back and try more of their varied menu."}, {"review_id": "VHw9Lk9L4yi7Fiiu0QYsIA", "user_id": "8JAHvwk5d1xW0E0eEqfTlg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "Holy crap my favorite place to get brunch in the twin cities. When I am not in a diet I slam their skillet or breakfast sandwiches so hard! Beer selection is top notch! 89 taps whaaaaaaaat"}, {"review_id": "ouQDZJgA0GgSClNAQ9nIBw", "user_id": "swCPRXp5PyD5Oodf3bRXgw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/29/2017", "text": "I came here with a co-worker that used to live in the neighborhood. He raved about The Happy Gnome and I'm here to confirm that it lives up to the hype.The beer menu alone is very impressive. There were so many selections to choose from! The Twin Cities are experiencing a craft beer boom and The Happy Gnome is in full support. I let the server pick my brew based on a few suggestions (I'm rather hop forward myself). That was only the first challenge.The lunch menu is the right size. The problem is that EVERYTHING looks yummy. I once again turned to my trusy server and gave him my short list. He said the ramen - my first choice - was the reason he works the lunch shift. I can see why! I'd eat it every day if I was in the neighborhood. It was very flavorful. The broth was complex and rice, the assortment of vegetables was colorful and visually appealing. Let the slurpage commence!I need to come back and try the Game Burger, choice #2 that took the backseat to the ramen. In fact, I need to come back a few times. My short list wasn't really very short."}, {"review_id": "s9r_MLaIiLx5JHGHrLE5aw", "user_id": "ae_Csk90z4AjuanqJhF0Xg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/10/2018", "text": "Amazing beer selection in a cozy pub. Also, if you like gnomes you'll like this place! They change the beer menu nearly every day, so you can definitely try something new every day. The happy hour menu is a little limited in terms of the drinks, but the gigantic and delicious tater tots make up for it (trust me!!).I live in S. Minneapolis, but I'll be making the short hike over here more often - especially for their special events!"}, {"review_id": "eWPZIibN83iKAf3pLXBXRw", "user_id": "pPfuXjwfdiC64jMUYV2bLQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/11/2018", "text": "Came in after work this past Saturdaynight.Greeted by Travis and he took care of us rest of the evening.He was very honest and knowledgeable about the menu and the preparation.My husband had the game burger and loved it, I had the mussels, awesome but the most by far ever in one app serving!Definitely if you like mussels and with others like them.. get them!Travis was awesome and I highly recommend him as your server!We will be back!"}, {"review_id": "LkzNwWnT9pKeAztiBnCvvw", "user_id": "JXHrhT72U6sZJQSkFfNzjw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "8/6/2017", "text": "Had a really good lunch, probably 4.5 stars but not quite 5, on a Friday afternoon at the Happy Gnome.  There was about 7 of us and we were able to sit on the patio when we arrived around 1:00.  The sun was shining but with all of the umbrellas and trees from surrounding yards I think every seat was in the shade.  Probably couldn't have been more comfortable, this is a great patio.  Worth a star for the patio alone.To start, we went with the pretzel and the broccoli/cheddar tater tots.  The pretzel was a good quality pretzel, but it wasn't earth-shattering.  Better than what you can get at a ballgame or carnival, the quality was appropriate given the Gnome's reputation.  The beer cheese fondue was great.  Had a bit of sharpness to it but it wasn't greasy or too filling.  Excellent dipping sauce.Probably my favorite part of the meal was the tater tots.  They are large, about the size of 2-3 typical tots.  The broccoli is noticeable but doesn't overpower the tots.   They are crispy and formed really well.  On a future trip I will ask if they offer them as a side dish.  Both dipping sauces, the bacon ketchup and herb sour cream, were strong, but I preferred the sour cream.  Definite re-order.To eat, I went with the crab cake sandwich and fries.  While the crab cakes (see photo, they're really more crab \"balls\" than cake) were good, it was too much breading together when placed in sandwich form.  The breadcrumbs in the crab cakes combined with the roll was too much.  There were some good bites to be sure, but the sandwich was too bready overall.  Another at our table ordered the blackened chicken sandwich which looked great.  I think had I ordered that this would probably be a 5 star review.  The fries were good, they are thin, prepared in house, crispy, and seasoned properly.  No issues there.The beer menu was good and its also ever-changing, which is a good thing.  I think they had 89 different beers during my visit, and a lot of them were local or from bordering states.  The server had a couple of nice recommendations as well.  I see why the Happy Gnome has its strong reputation, I had a great lunch and would certainly return."}, {"review_id": "90jiSIMcPKSFvexZki13uw", "user_id": "3hpU6n3U1JCfZ2R6qYURmQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "Consistently decent. I've never been blown away by the place. The drinks are weak, but the food is pretty good. Brunch is for sure the highlight. They have some pretty good shrimp tacos on the dinner menu tho. I keep coming back hoping it will live up to its reputation but I just don't see what others see."}, {"review_id": "RjrmNo5fVJmb7eqOY6boAQ", "user_id": "wfd2nH3ah5jZo2iCSJGVsw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "Great food, very attentive staff, and excellent beer selection.  I especially appreciated the chef and server's attentiveness to a food allergy (onions) that can trip most places up.  Love the location, decor, and ambiance.  Highly recommend!"}, {"review_id": "_vnEfZDRJGTtPBsDickBuA", "user_id": "YnZS54CGvYp5qJV4_ysmUA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "7/9/2017", "text": "Second time here but first time tackling the brunch! Selection: the brunch menu is smaller than expected but has PRIME options. Hard to go wrong with either but I only tried two things so who am I to say ‍ Food: one word GNOMMIIIEEEE! I got the hot brown and my friend got the croque madame! Side note: I actually don't know why they call it that. There's no bread or ham here! Instead it's biscuit and turkey. Yikes! Wouldn't advise authentic croque madame lovers to order this Beverages: we did the Bloody Mary buffet which had ALL the options. I can't think of any Bloody Mary topping that was not on the line up. They did everything and more with this one! Service: We had slow service and it took a while to process simple requests. We only started eating 1.5 hours after arrival. Based on other reviews, my experience may not exactly be typical Ambiance: I recommend getting a patio seat during daylight hours"}, {"review_id": "ynMHW1VZ1awN8yZne8Ckvg", "user_id": "WOTL0z4trM2SPV4_SDeyHQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "6/12/2017", "text": "This place is awesome. 89 beers on tap with so many that I wanted to try. Luckily they let you build your own 5 beer flight for $15.We also couldn't pick good because there were so many great options. The broccoli/cheddar tater tots were great, the poutine was out of this world and the entrees were great too. We had the lobster Mac n cheese (my wife could not stop eating) and the game hen was crispy with tons of awesome flavors on the plate - chorizo risotto, broccolini and some great sauces. We loved this place and will definitely be going back."}, {"review_id": "OU8OHWO38ufBRZwsEtYfmg", "user_id": "uRgAL9v1PSVlmoY7VKlc4Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "6/30/2017", "text": "My friend and I came here for a late dinner. I had heard how this place was really neat but wasn't sure what to expect.There are separate areas for the bar and sit down restaurant but the bar is almost a mini restaurant of its own with plenty of seating.The variety of menu items is a bit odd. They don't really have a style of food, it's more one of everything type of place. I was a little surprised that the entree prices were in the $20-$30 range considering it was more of a bar feel.We ordered the dry rib wings and brisket/sausage  pizza. The wings had a generous amount of dry rub and were tasty. I really enjoyed the buffalo and buttermilk sauces on the side and saved it for dipping my pizza.The brisket pizza had more grease than I prefer but it was still very unique and delicious. It was almost like a Detroit pan style pizza instead of your typical round shape. The sausage slices were similar to pepperoni and the brisket was actually in sausage links sliced on the pizza. A ton of flavor with a little spice!Now onto the beer list. Totally worth visiting just for this. So many options I missed some before I ordered. Their menu nicely categorizes beer styles so if you like a certain type of beer you can skip to that section.Nice little place to get together with friends in St. Paul!"}, {"review_id": "JCSSRS5QyCJVb4BkwAmNew", "user_id": "v51UfxYGJT1LCeGt81WoRQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/10/2018", "text": "Wow  Chimay Blue on tap! Lobster Mac n Cheese on the menu and it is mine! Beer selection is impressive with foreign beers from Belgium, Germany and Duluth--woo!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/the-happy-gnome-saint-paul?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]