[[{"review_id": "YdWzHTIFKxdPCf8ppxtidA", "user_id": "fL3kZLfDYXzWN6dMr3rpVg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/19/2018", "text": "Absolutely phenomenal. The onion bacon dip was insane, and the bread? OMG the bread. Dragon burger and green beans were ridiculously delicious. The truffle aioli was to die for. I may have licked the ramekin clean.The homemade ginger ale? Uh. Get it. So good....and save the best for last. KEY LIME PIE. the crust is a pretzel cracker crust that will make you cry alligator tears it's so delicious. I will be back. Maybe even tonight."}, {"review_id": "POg9gRPQjS6wnEh8YTT8Iw", "user_id": "FsK3KfL1rajT_33IDWZlfw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/20/2018", "text": "Visited this addicting little British treat for the second time, as my first experience was so good, I wanted to make sure it was true! Our first visit was drinks and apps - lumpia, crab cakes, and pretzel bread. In a word: delightful. This visit, we just had to experience dinner in full. I was so pleased that they still had a variety of nitro beers (not just stouts!), and we drooled over the menu before selecting the signature George burger and Dragon burger, medium, mine with fried green beans and his with chips. Both burgers were spot on, although my companion had to take off a few peppers (he likes food \"Minnesota hot\"). While the fried green beans were so delicious, I was wishing I had gone with the chips as his were even better. Our bartender was attentive and really lovely. She played a variety of music that suited the crowd and made us feel at home. The ambience here can't be beat - the closest thing to a small town Brit pub you'll find in the area for sure, complete with a bookshelf for the kids and a family atmosphere. This spot is our new date night location for the foreseeable future."}, {"review_id": "FD_neCY9lYlb3w5QsIADeA", "user_id": "RCLBTUBdgg4BGj7OVf3exg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/14/2018", "text": "This pub was spot on with their dishes! Not to mention their choices on crafted beer !!! on tap too.  Triple \"D\" w/Guy F. was an excellent choice.  Glad I saw that episode LoL! Seriously though folks!  This joint is a great spot to hang out and just chill and enjoy the food with a broosky in hand. If ever in this neck of da woods, swing on by"}, {"review_id": "IYhrvWxe6x1zmWGLJjyxdQ", "user_id": "PWGcgLNTat4C1iT-Jag_4w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/30/2018", "text": "I love this place. The food, the locale and the staff are great. I'm a big fan of the (cod) fish and chips. DH loves the Dragon burger which has a bit of heat. Best burger in the Twin Cities, hands down. When you go, save room for dessert. We recently split the homemade key lime pie with a pretzel crust. Can't wait to go back."}, {"review_id": "wU4tL2tRGEip7mMiBneG8w", "user_id": "Dl8UzehqTZNMfuGksnvoRQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "If you want some classic dishes with a twist or two, come here. I love George and the Dragon. The atmosphere is pub-like but classy at the same time. Every bite was packed with flavor, and the ingredients are high quality. I would come here more if there wasn't such a long wait for it all the time (they don't take reservations unless that changed now). Definitely come try it!"}, {"review_id": "ymMqrHE2EpBfmxD6AwxCYg", "user_id": "OZyH4hRfUDfkJi_dViAhYA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "1/19/2018", "text": "Went for lunch today @ George & the dragon. This place is not too surprise that I would give it a 5 stars.. we got fish & chips and banh mi with fried green beans.. fish & chips is pretty basic. Nothing special. Banh mi is good but the fried green beans is okay General it is pretty good but I don't recommend this place because it is too normal for me and I can get it everywhere. No surprises. There are more good restaurants in town"}, {"review_id": "RVw5Z3K5VBfGQWppjam9EQ", "user_id": "yS0rTPFF-Ab1tpuOT_Rp7A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/14/2018", "text": "George & The Dragon was a great experience and felt authentic as far as a pub. There was decorum that definitely was reminiscent of London/England. The staff were incredibly friendly and accommodating when the person who made the reservation made it for the wrong number. I ordered the Uncle Bryan Burger, which was incredibly delicious. It contained bacon, avocado, and blue cheese. I ordered a side of battered green beans, which were cooked to perfection and were perfectly crispy. I was left very satisfied and full. The only disappointment I experienced during this visit was that they were out of fish and chips, as well as bangers and mash due to the blizzard delaying their delivery. I hope to visit again soon so I can give those a try!"}, {"review_id": "pIdfdRdDNVHDRYQR9Qafiw", "user_id": "iBhjhnk2klRkru6qGPnu0w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/25/2017", "text": "George & the Dragon is awesome. I was recommended by another avid foodie for lunch and was not let down. It is a Pub style setting that is intimate, European-like, and trendy. Love the simplicity of the menu and the attentiveness of the servers and hostess. Make sure to make a reservation since the wait can be 20-25 minutes even with two people. It was fairly busy the day after Thanksgiving. No worries if there is no RSVP as there is a trendy, boutique store (perfect for purchasing home decorations to furnish your apartment) next door if you want to kill some time Ordered - Dragon Burger (5/5). Excellent burger with delicious flakes of pickled peppers, mayo, and a nice coating of pepper jack. The fries were very crispy and went well with the ketchup and aioli mayo sauce. One thing that was great was the portions. It was not too small or large, but a perfect balance Great spot and definitely worth a visit if you're in Minneapolis. One of my goals for 2018 is to explore and try more delicious restaurants around the area."}, {"review_id": "bZ4v33W7O23Vi9wFlw_tNA", "user_id": "CgN_YmcnI07LxW03AAV2hg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/3/2018", "text": "This place is on FIRE. The food is incredible. We got the Bacon and Onion Dip, Uncle Bryan Burger, and Beef Rib Toastie. The bacon and onion dip is a must have, served with panini toast. The burger was our favorite out of the two entrees. Just wonderful flavors and still juicy. The beef rib toastie was also tasty and brought interesting, but good flavor with the horseradish cream. My advice, get the battered green beans with truffle aioli instead of fries. Worth the extra $2. Service was great, but wait was long because it's busy on a Saturday night. Make reservations or call ahead! Great intimate, classy atmosphere for date nights. Overall, great place and will definitely come again."}, {"review_id": "fIJUFsCnnTUqP33ISU40vw", "user_id": "AzqGROYftD_eUji5JqcJsA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/7/2018", "text": "I really enjoyed our lunch here. I had the Uncle Bryan burger which was cooked to request. I had a perfect medium. The blue cheese on it was very creamy and from Fairbault, Mn. Gotta love the local cheeses! The bacon was generous as was the avocado slice. The burger was juicy but not greasy. The fries were fresh and had a great flavor. The fried green beans with the truffle aioli were a must! My husband got those and we mixed and matched our fries and green beans so a nice taste of both. I really enjoyed it and will be back, I'd really like to try the curry! Service was prompt and very professional. They had a nice draft list which I'd partake of next visit!"}, {"review_id": "ADdPM3m1IizqhF8CTEABXg", "user_id": "Kg474Uqa3lICBrV_sejiqw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/23/2017", "text": "I gave in I went to George I didn't at first just because everyone goes and plus the times I would drive by it was always packed! My husband and I wanted date night so we were by the area and I was like why not let's go. Well like I assumed no seats we had to make an hour appointment but we kept it just because we really wanted to see what the hype was about and I think someone purposed here sooo I was like is the food that delicious you just do crazy things like purpose lol. It was time to be seated and usually at other restaurants they just sit you on the table but here they actually place a card like it's reserved for the reservation I thought that was interesting. The atmosphere was hip relaxed vibe. I loved that they played Biggie Big Poppa!! I mean classic rap. We ordered right away the appetizer was onion dip I am not a onion fan at all this did not taste like onion this tasted like ruffles chips with like the taste of spinach dip I don't know the taste was amazing like it was something magical on my taste buds. Like who ever thought about this onion dip is an onion god. My husband and I were literally fighting for it. After the amazing dip I ordered a salad it was named after a women I don't know but it's a women's name. I wanted a salad just because I was full from the other day so I was being lame. My husband got a burger it was the dragon.  My salad was not no typical rabbit salad it was something serious it had this cucumber sauce with slices of chicken and like I don't know it looked like a boring salad but it was not it was weird it's like an invisible sauce or something. It tasted unhealthy so it was bomb for me! I loved it like that salad was out of this world. Now when the dragon burger came out I regretted ordering a salad. He gave me a bite and he always offers me to taste his food but this time he didn't I had to ask him lol so I knew this was special. I can't explain it you just have to go and order it for yourself! The fries that comes with it I have never tasted fries so perfect.  Last thing we ate was key lime pie to share. I just want to cry right now as I am typing because it's so memorable I just can't right now. Yall just got to like go right now. No words and very affordable surprisingly delicious."}, {"review_id": "_XzwqKY2vxCMdmTK6eC58g", "user_id": "Ibm0F3tRC7bCHYrmYMY84g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "8/7/2017", "text": "I came here a long time ago (4 years ago?) and forgot to write a review. My high school friend and I came here to catch up on life and etc, you know the whole deal. We arrived on a Sunday for brunch. It was busy. We were greeted right away and seated at the booth by the windows. At the time my cholesterol was super high and I was trying to watch what I eat. No fatty food. The minute I saw Salmon with rice I had to get it right away. It was very tasty and I finished it. Not ashamed. My friend ordered fries and she said it was very good. Our food came right away. Our waiter was super friendly. He keeps on checking up on us while my friend and I were chatting away. My friend find our waiter hot and I told her to do something about it. Lol. When we got our receipt  my friend left a note for the waiter saying you are good looking or something like that...and...got up and ran! Yes, I will come back for the food and everyone should too. Street parking."}, {"review_id": "y_cUSdAyheMyIMobPCZfCg", "user_id": "030xaqW2akhXYFdmOTmEng", "rating": 5.0, "date": "7/23/2017", "text": "Exceptional marks across the board. I was recommended this pub and eatery by a colleague that lives locally. She added (rather, insisted) that I try the bacon onion dip - no problem, Sara!I started with a Minnesota brewed brown ale on tap that was excellent. I opted to sample a second beer, but quickly returned back to the full-bodied brown ale. As far as fare, the bacon onion dip was a homerun (forgive the baseball metaphor, but the MLB All Star game was on tv that evening). The dip was super decadent, and required willpower not to devour the whole thing.For a main entree, I ordered the braised beef rib. Wow! The beef fell apart seamlessly and melted on my tongue. And that gravy could've rivaled Grandmother's thanksgiving recipe. The garlic mashed potatoes and crisp green beans were equally delish. I couldn't have possibly made room for dessert until the bartender announced that they had a key lime pie tart. Not surprisingly, it was very good (without being too heavy).Beyond the beers and meal, the service was homely and impressive. The bartender was prompt with everything, and conversational whenever time allowed. And then one of the establishment's proprietors caught me on my way out (in fact he walked out with me and chatted about my dining experience before my Uber arrived). A very nice gentleman, co-running a top end operation."}, {"review_id": "dQAkwyzlDA2QB8zhAYlhZw", "user_id": "iCYMf_sHRevmzWg8la-LVw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "7/17/2017", "text": "Found this place through trusty Yelp, and dashed to make their Happy Hour on a Thursday with a friend. Had 2 glasses of lovely white wine, and the bartender was so friendly and helpful.We ordered the fried green beans, bacon and onion dip, and because everyone else was eating it, the fish and chips. Green beans were fried perfectly, bacon and onion dip was a bit heavy, and the fish and chips were pretty darn good!In such a charming neighborhood, and we had a good time walking around afterwards to burn off a small fraction of the fried calories. Very cute restaurant that is kid friendly with good vibes."}, {"review_id": "ya7tdtrsEJZjBBX2fsISAw", "user_id": "6LQbI6Kd-vusho0saT6cQQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/15/2017", "text": "Fellow Yelpers recommended this place and wow wow wow.. every dish we tried here was amazing.. it was a group of 3 of us so we all had a chance to try something different.. For starters, we came on a weekday and the place has customers, so much so we waited about 7 minutes. As soon as we sat down we had water served immediately.. so great start with service. When it came to the food .. every dish was well prepared and banked your taste buds to just say whoa.. we started off with a cheese appetizer dip, and their rib brisket. Both appetizers were delicious, my favorite were the ribs, the meat was soft, not too sweet, and a good portion size for an appetizer.. Entree - I went with a dish that had white rice, a currying sauce, not overbearing with the scent of curry or flavor, well balanced to say the least.. fried egg on top.. it had the right combination of ingredients that nothing in the dish was overbearing.. This place was great, all across.. if your in town, or live here, do yourself a favor and come here often."}, {"review_id": "0n_SvFzMRbb1cy1-7-JZYw", "user_id": "FME44FY1uJst7y3tNa4e9g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "7/3/2017", "text": "The food here is excellent!I've been here a few times and have never felt disappointed. The restaurant is a decent size where it feels comfortable without being overwhelming. It seems like a good choice for a date or something of that variety.On my most recent visit, service was fantastic. Our server was extremely attentive and made sure water glasses never reached the point of emptiness. He made the whole experience quick but not rushed. I appreciated that a lot!My Caprese Toastie was super yummy. The mozzarella had an amazing cheese pull to it with a fresh cheesy flavor. Pesto flavor was present without being overwhelming. I liked that the bread was toasted to perfection. It had a great crunch! The chips (fries to us Americans) had a nice consistency with a good amount of salt. They were a great match with the sandwich.I had a wonderful experience here and hope to go back soon so I can try more items."}, {"review_id": "l8AZM9DtkH2OdVYPMgfakA", "user_id": "6IU1wltypI4eS65xi2TodA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "Our food was sooo delicious tonight!  We started with the lumpia appetizer and that very good. My husband had the fish and chips.  The fish was tender, the batter was light, and the homemade tarter was sauce was delish.  I had the Dragon's Milk braised beef rib and it was so good.  So tender I didn't even need a knife!   The portions are very good sizes.  We will be back!"}, {"review_id": "hwolu9knzfK6GRv1-S1CAA", "user_id": "uRgAL9v1PSVlmoY7VKlc4Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "7/17/2017", "text": "I love the unique menu at this neighborhood joint in South Minneapolis.  Due to minimal seating capacity and popularity I would recommend reservations one or two days in advance if possible.  There are a few seats at the bar if you are lucky enough to snag a spot.I've been here a few times and the food and service are consistently excellent. For appetizers I would recommend the fried greens beans or bacon and onion dip.  The green beans are crispy, flakey and serve as the perfect delivery device for the truffle aioli which will melt in your mouth.  The bacon and onion dip is on a level of its own.  You can't get this kind of nourishment at too many other places. For entrees the Asian Hangover or the Uncle Bryan Burger are my favorite. The pork is tender with loads of flavor in every bite.  When you crack the egg and mix everything together it gets even better.The Uncle Bryan burger is a nice twist on a classic bacon and blue cheese burger.  The smoothness of the avocado combined with the juicy meat, punch of cheese, and salty bacon makes you want to keep eating more.  The fries served on the side are lightly fried thick cut steak fries so some of them are still soft on the inside.As always I can always appreciate a noteworthy beer list.  Draft, cans, and liters.  They have it all!"}, {"review_id": "jhmZ8XBm5d8WJkW14pjNZg", "user_id": "iVzC6wBXxYOaDywohfkkvQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/3/2017", "text": "George & The Dragon has been on our list to try for some time and we finally got over there for lunch.  It was a pleasant surprise!  When we arrived at 12:30 on a Saturday it was about a 30 minute wait but about 5 min. two stools at the bar became available so we snagged them since the bar is first come first serve!  We both enjoyed the Wild Caught Salmon with wasabi mashed potatoes and creamy cucumber salad!  The people next to us ordered the mini key lime pie and it looked delicious so we got one to go and it was eye rolling good!  This place is family friendly as there were many children seated by us.  We will definitely be back."}, {"review_id": "vuv6t8YmocKxtJ27mTdtFQ", "user_id": "SX_SMrddkDU5dySbsZMu9A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/30/2017", "text": "Love love this place!  The neighborhood agrees because there's always lots of people here and more clamoring to get in.  I love the concept - pub food but with a southeast Asian twist.  Therefore, you have things like burgers + fries but also \"curry of the day\".  The setting is bright and happy and though it appears to be like a pub, it's very kid friendly and I see lots of parents with kids.  I had curry of the day last time and it was AMAZING.  I almost wanted to go back that evening for a second helping.  I've also had dragon burger which was tasty and I really want to try the fried green beans next time.  This is definitely our go-to place in the neighborhood and I'm glad it's here!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/george-and-the-dragon-minneapolis?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]