[[{"review_id": "LWHk1C_JkzgPLBulfKMt5A", "user_id": "r_0jUF53bneeG2kYy1AGVA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/28/2018", "text": "One of my all time favorite restaurants in STL. A couple tips if you are visiting for the first time.- Come for an early dinner.  This place gets PACKED, especially on the weekends. It's a small venue so if it's cold out, you will be waiting awhile at peak times. You get there between 3:30 - 5:00 you should have no issues at all. - Easy parking on the street (it's a residential area you can park anywhere). So no worries there.- Portion sizes of entrees are a bit small, but the appetizers are amazing. If you are hungry for a party of two I recommend two appetizers to share before ordering your entree.Speaking of Appetizers,  the Smothered Cheese fries are a MUST here, as are the Burnt Ends. But if you are coming here you knew that already. :)  You can also get Burnt Ends as part of an entree (combo plate) but take it from me - get the appetizer size of them. For a side item they make a mean Mac and Cheese to go with their awesome BBQ. They're also known for their duck, of course."}, {"review_id": "H7YHWORLYCnhYfO5IZge6g", "user_id": "joUwjQgPcoOsKAOSVfbIeg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Smothered fries. That's all you need to know. But really, the smothered fries- crispy french fries smothered in lick-the-plate-worthy cheese sauce, pulled pork & green onions- Hello, yumville! It is our absolute favorite thing on the menu and the reason we returned after about a year apart from these amazeballs fries. Besides splitting the fries, we normally split the three meat platter and a side. We always get the pulled pork, the tri tip & the burnt ends. The pulled pork and tri tip were both perfect; they tasted just like we remembered them! But sadly, the burnt ends that we were in love with before aren't the same any more! When we've gone in years past, they were hands down the best burnt ends we've had, but they're just not the same. They were still good, but a lot drier and covered up with barbecue sauce, so meh. I was also disappointed in our service this last trip. Normally the servers here are very attentive, but this last trip felt like we were in California with \"hipster service.\"This place is worth the trip for the smothered fries, but St. Louis has better barbecue spots."}, {"review_id": "s9xnQBsbLrkC64tjNVBqTg", "user_id": "Nn1BG6fo1hypgW3eX8RGYA", "rating": 1.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Never eat here as a person of color!! How do you order 2 meals and only bring one!!"}, {"review_id": "Av5zpvJlfXvxnpBp63NMEw", "user_id": "c3Gnef1DDzG5hDtgvWTKhA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "We had a party of 6 on a Saturday night.  We arrived at 6 and were seated at 8:00pm. It's very small. Not the friendliest hostess and there are only a few seats at the bar for people to wait. Most waited outside and there isn't a place to sit so be prepared to stand for a while. Service was great. The bartenders were super busy but good. We had  drinks within a few minutes.  When we were seated our waitress was very friendly and helpful. The food was amazing!  Everything we had was delicious!  They were out of ribs by the time we were seated. We had 3 appetizers. The artichoke dip was a favorite. Wings and dirty fries. All very good."}, {"review_id": "e9KThBXNEfg2WrdFH-PD8A", "user_id": "5ZNJYKz891fCwxIf75N7vw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/10/2018", "text": "Expect a chill ambiance and some good Southern hospitality. We came for Saturday brunch around 11am and the place was starting to fill up. We got the following:Corn bread- best one I've had. The caramelization of the crust is perfect and went well with the honey butter they served it with.Broccolli with sweet chili special side- exactly what it sounds like- you can bypass this small portion.Burnt ends- it was served room temp but would rather want it warmer. It was good but it made me want to try  the fatty part of brisket. The sauce it was marinated in was a little sweet and tangy not overpowering the flavor of the brisket.Half rack of ribs- dry rub which they lightly glazed. The rub flavor really went into the rib meat. It was tender, almost fell off the bone though it could have been juicy (a little dry for my liking) overall still good.Mac n cheese side- they used shell pasta but I would have liked regular macaroni. It's creamy but again I would bypass this side as well.Overall a solid four star and highly recommend it."}, {"review_id": "JOxChNTxLYFjRQ3iwS6aUA", "user_id": "GaZbInYeRidAS3uwwUJyHg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/3/2018", "text": "Was in town for just a night, and it was POURING. Truly miserable. But thankfully that meant this lovely restaurant wasn't as crazy busy as it usually is. So after only a 30 min wait (I know right, but still), we were seated. We had a really hard time getting a drink at the bar, but I'm not the type of yelper to complain about that by docking stars. I'm here for the food, and holy wow did they deliver. The loaded fries were an attack of flavor. We ordered a slew of bbq (tri-tip, chicken, pulled pork, burnt ends) and went crazy on the different sauces. But of course, no night is complete without some whiskey. Asked the waitress for her rec, and she exceed expectations. Montgomery County y'all. Get it."}, {"review_id": "fgKA98MaDVl9Ja6FIjUsYQ", "user_id": "KVgT0-uCPjuNFJGFqTRopw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/18/2018", "text": "Uhhhhhmaaayyyzzziinnngg!!!!!!!!!!! I don't know any other way to put it! I've never had duck before but their duck confit definitely turned me into duckavor!!! I could eat it every day!!! I also got their rum punch and I could have had ten!!! Smothered fries were perfect!!! The cheese sauce that was on top I could have drank. The smoked wings were also amazing. They were perfectly crisped and the mango ginger habanero sauce that comes with it ties it all together.and don't even get me started on the walnut bacon!!! It tasted like a delectable candy!!! This place is so amazing!! I would recommend it to any and everyone. I seriously can't think of any other word than amazing. Oh ps not sure if their gooey butter pumpkin cake is a regular item but if it is YOU HAVE TO TRY IT!!"}, {"review_id": "IVFvCFHI7yG-7Q_KefseWw", "user_id": "D5vgNDJeC3GFbCQX1QWu_w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/25/2018", "text": "Came here with friends on a Sat afternoon. The pulled pork sandwich is very good. The cornbread was great too. Also my GF had smoked chicken wings & she enjoyed those too. Small place so it fills up quick. 2 Gender-neutral restrooms (if that matters to you at all). All and all I'll come back at some point, they have a great craft beer selection too."}, {"review_id": "QKVPAVdGE30JBitCB9fDNg", "user_id": "TrU49Ydk2ZMjlh0rtOVj7g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/19/2017", "text": "As seen on DDD. This is the real deal for St. Louis soul cuisine and should be on your short list if out of town. Awesome vibe and service.The location of the business, okay...don't worry, be happy. It's not bad, but the surrounding residential neighborhood's appearance is aged. Don't let the rough hood deter you. During the day I would have no issue of returning. But with being out of town and not knowing the area at night not so sure. Parking is by street. The cool old two story building added to our anticipation of opening the faded antique wooden doors in the front. A couple of tables are in front and a few more picnic tables on the right. The front entry way was clear of debris. Our party was immediately greeted by a hostess on a weekday around 1145 AM. A bar is up front with tables, chairs and a few booths in the rear. Wood floors, exposed brick and beautiful woodwork. Also nice artwork hanging on the walls. A male waiter was Johnny on the spot getting drink orders. I was with two children in their early teens that were very skeptical of soul food. Menus were placed on the table and shortly after waters out. Our party needed recommendations, especially the kids. Our waiter was a rock star and provided lots of ideas for the kids, mixing things up, asking questions and being very patient. It was a bit embarrassing how long it took, but the server never flinched. My order was a Combination Plate / burnt ends on a slice of bread, tri-tip, ribs, brisket & caramelized onion mash. Side of in-house BBQ sauce. Kicked it off with their classic appetizer smothered fries. The verdict. The burnt ends and brisket were home runs, the mash was off for me. Be brave if you go solo on the smothered fries. The others in my party enjoyed their dishes as well. The kids dishes worked and they enjoyed. The price point for lunch pushes to a high range. At the same time the quality and preparation of all the dishes made me feel at though it was worth every penny. Our waiter checked in multiple times and when time for a check was efficient. By this time there was a wait out the door. I've been told at peak service it can be over an hour. Loved the atmosphere, loved the food and the service was phenomenal. An extra star does go to our waiter. Unfortunately I failed to get his name to recognize in this review darn it. Would love to return and recommend. ."}, {"review_id": "mtIPdtZXVFbfBWdhy_W4-w", "user_id": "Wddnoodo4AJhTvFSLBvM1w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/10/2018", "text": "Found this place on Yelper looking for a 4 Star or better, to my surprise it was featured on Triple D with Guy Fieri...so my expectations were high to say the least! This small spot nestled in the middle of a neighborhood has a warm feeling to it but is a bit worn, may be time for a little fix me up.The food- loved the burnt ends and the meatloaf combo both had full robust flavors smoked flavors. Also found the pulled chicken very moist and tasty. The mashed potatoes were above average certainly not over the top.Thumbs down to the Slaw and the Beans, not sure what was going on with them certainly didn't do any thing for my taste buds!All in all a good spot for BBQ check it out if your out that way. Sent from Terry Banach's phone"}, {"review_id": "xVpgIBbKdnwTTCAp0k8glA", "user_id": "l-PnKAEvl0LVMO5p8ujm2Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "This place was worth the hour plus wait! First of all order the lemonade sidecar cocktail. They had a great selection of local craft beers and ciders as well. It isn't on the menu but it is so good! We of course couldn't resist the bacon appetizer. We drooled over the wings, pulled pork, shrimp and grits, and flatbread we ordered. Highly recommend!"}, {"review_id": "0Ri5CM6dztoyJ7slBTWx5w", "user_id": "NIsXHHOhE6iBbztneDDY1w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/12/2018", "text": "Just went here on a Thursday night to catch up with one of my girlfriends. Great place outdoors and plenty of street parking. The food here is so nicely seasoned and flavorful. The servers also have extensive knowledge about each dish and was able to answer all of our questionsPulled PorkAbsolutely fall apart delicious! Goes well with all of their sauces that are on the table. My personal favorite was the bourbon sauce that was made to taste like the KC original. The pork was tender and cooked, I do wish it had more flavor on it's own as I don't think I would've liked it as much without barbecue sauce. Burnt EndsOh my goodness were these so flavorful. You didn't even need barbecue sauce. They had a tangy-ness and also a certain spiciness to them. There is a lovely char flavor, but it is not overly burnt and smokey. Also very tender and fell apart with just one fork poke. * for both of these the portion was a bit small, I got the combination platter.* Each combo plate came with a small cup of cole slaw and one small side.ChickenMy least favorite out of the three, it was seasoned with a visible spice on the top but I do also feel like it needed some sauce and wouldn't have been as tasty without some good barbecue sauce. The texture was also to the same superb quality. It is easy to get chicken rubbery and bland, but they somehow made it on par with the regular red meat dishes.Mac and CheeseThis is 5/5 on it's own! There is a lovely crust that forms and crumbs that add a different texture. I can say this is one of the best mac and cheeses I've ever tried from a Barbecue restaurant, and definitely the best so far in St. Louis. The shells held just the right amount of gooey cheese. It wasn't overly creamy and sickening as well. It paired absolutely beautifully with the pork and the burnt ends, as well as every single one of the barbecue sauces.Wine: RieslingThis was a nice, really sweet wine. I'm not one to review wines so I don't know how much my opinion would be of value, but it was sweet and girly. I don't usually like wine, but I liked this (also wanted to get a classy picture because #basic)."}, {"review_id": "9gmDea9h7lRB0ySSEnUMCQ", "user_id": "Rb8MjLq3qUG5SP99FNTVVA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/6/2017", "text": "I would have to agree with many of my other yelp elite this place is five stars all around! The uniqueness, the live music, the boutique like feel and food was OUTSTANDING!What made this visit extra special was I ran into a fellow yelper from San Antonio that by happenstance we ate lunch at the same restaurant today. When I showed up he happened to be just showing up for dinner and we sat next to each other. Talking about 6° of separation LOL!I was told by Adam and Ryan that I must try the smoked meatloaf so I ordered the smoked meatloaf, burnt ends and baby back coupled with the jalapeño cheesy corn. For appetizer I had the smoked wings.The appetizer If I would've wrote this review after eating the smoke wings I would've said this was the best thing since sliced bread. Talking about smoky flavor no need to use blue cheese or ranch goodness, this is it! I went with half in buffalo sauce and half naked I would say naked is the way to go!The dinner:I will rank them in this order...smoked meatloaf, ribs and burnt ends. This review was all about the smoke meat loaf. This signature dish keep people coming back. I know St. Louis is known for their baby back ribs but if you going to go to the shaved Duck and you don't get the combo with the meatloaf you need to slap yourself ahead of time.Grades:Smoked wings: 8.75Smoked meatloaf: 10Baby back ribs: 8.5Burnt ends: 7.75"}, {"review_id": "20Jgj58_8hIOhUtuVsCEJw", "user_id": "wCkDJxpzXnw38Syx98MO4Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "This place is a must visit if you are in St. Louis. The food is great. I was working in STL for 6 months, and this is where the east coast and west coast teams would agree on dinner. It is a small venue, no reservations, but the food is awsome. I tried EVERYTHING on the menu, and nothing is bad. The meatloaf is to die for, and any meat dish is completely safe to taste great."}, {"review_id": "VLaY5S0c8lwVXd710s3Fng", "user_id": "idYllMvpVLrHU7_IiR-EvA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/8/2017", "text": "What can I say that others have not already raved about, except to add my voice to the chorus: this duck is the bomb! Great beer selection, a vibe right out of the best neighborhood restaurants in New Orleans, and oh those potato wedges! Worth a long drive by themselves.My first visit was for an early Friday lunch--and the level of good service for a \"cool\" place was impressive. The smoked BBQ stuffed wedges dish came highly recommended--and did not disappoint. Some of the best smoked taste pork BBQ I have found in the Midwest. Everyone in the place was having a good time.Here is a new departure place for me as I travel through St Louis--fairly easy to find, and well worth the effort."}, {"review_id": "28Ej2dL-kT07MAsdJiGEqQ", "user_id": "Q9sI2DRNPLpYX6CxUOYL0A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/25/2018", "text": "Love, love, love this place!! Everything is good here but I especially love the pulled pork and the shrimp and grits!! They even have 2 guys who come in regularly to provide live music. It gets packed on the weekends but it's worth the wait for sure! If you dont feel like waiting just jump on the No Wait app to reserve your spot in line and it eliminates the wait. Bah Bam!"}, {"review_id": "RmA5hwq8uYSkzY_lwUbChA", "user_id": "3NEY4JHgkT1rTHxgHCaqvg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "Fun road trip to St Louis for the opening night of Hamilton at the Fabulous Fox Theatre.  I won Hamilton lottery tickets (on first try) and the seats were amazing.  The show was brilliant and fantastic.  Love everything about it!  We had dinner at The Shaved Duck before the show.  Love the atmosphere and bar restaurant.  Friendly and wonderful table service.  The food were so delicious.  I don't like long drives but this was worth the trip."}, {"review_id": "LAX0rWik0wNDixKzS9EKmg", "user_id": "x09mJG9TpGyiIER8v2o7VQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "The food was amazing! The Burnt Ends are a must try ! The service was good. The restaurant is a little bit small so it might be better to go at a less busier time of the night. The drinks were really good as well! Definitely a good BBQ spot in STL !"}, {"review_id": "1tp9OaQVNoNPiVt_K0eFcA", "user_id": "zYtlZo1al5gHMRQviGFDgA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "12/23/2017", "text": "Pro: Every so often, one may come across a rather indulgent bite of heaven that all but propels a feeling of guilt when one enjoys it. Sure, this build-up seems a bit \"extra\", but let's face it...have you had the Walnut and Brown Sugar Bacon appetizer?!? This. Is. Simply. Amazing. It's so good, it made me forget that I'm not the biggest fan of the pears and blue cheese that normally will accompany it. Please forgive the assumed the exaggeration when I say that this dish alone is worth the visit.Con: In a town like St. Louis, I expect any place with ribs on the menu to be miles ahead of the rest of the known galaxy. However, at TSD, the ribs were just okaaaaayyyy. Also, the Shrimp & Grits was an underwhelming choice. For both of the aforementioned, I've had better...Bottom Line: Explore the menu, see for yourself, and try the bacon!!!"}, {"review_id": "vL_YiLOGb-6g2Aq070DE6Q", "user_id": "yPtw4a_lVeCCWLC9qK8Haw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/5/2018", "text": "After all the stellar reviews, I have to assume that alcohol plays a part in past review decisions. We arrived on a Saturday night, tried to call ahead and were told - without provided wait times - that the shaved duck operated on the antiquated system of first come first serve, taking no reservations - digital or otherwise, but she said she'd text me when my table was ready, after walking through the door 40 minutes after calling ahead. Too bad everyone in the city comes first, and only 50 people can be served by their small \"farm-to-market speed\" dining area at any given time. I have never been more crowded in my life. Either expect to eat at the bar while standing with your elbow in a woman's back like I did, wait for an hour in your car, or attempt to talk for that same hour in standing room only with 40 other imbibing people that would rather expend 2 hours crammed together waiting to eat than eat elsewhere. I ordered the seafood gumbo for simplicity's sake. Though I can attest that it was good, I cannot say that it was a great gumbo. The tomato flavor was overpowering to a fault - when usually I don't find nor put tomato in any seafood gumbo I've ever had or made. Though there is sausage, it is not true-to-form smoked andouille - though they claim to add andouille - and the clams are rendered tough, possibly needing longer cook times. They do use okra, they do not use gumbo file, and if they utilize a roux as I was told, I could not tell. The crux of their gumbo is the spice; it had to be cayenne, and of that I can only assume they add 3x what is necessary for balanced heat. This might have been the hottest gumbo I've ever eaten. A side of rice as they prescribe is actually a condiment cup generously stuffed with a full tablespoon of scolding hot rice, so I asked if they could spare a second heaping tablespoon.All in all, it was okay, and for $9 you really can't complain too much. I wouldn't call it a traditional seafood gumbo, but it technically was; hell, anything is with the right foundational additions. The bartenders were helpful, and the dimly lit place is charmingly pub-style. Still, based on my experience, and the meal I purchased, I wouldn't go out of my way to eat at the shaved duck again. Too much commotion, and too little accommodation for the trouble."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/the-shaved-duck-saint-louis-3?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]