[[{"review_id": "ZuXVR5bUpavgiZCDkez-Mg", "user_id": "RAQdAsmZPHlkgrW1xzfTtQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/3/2018", "text": "Our KC food tour.  We visited LaBodega on March 20, 2018.  La Bodega has a great varied selection of 1/2 price small plates for happy hour.   It was one of the only nice days this month and we got to sit out on the patio.   Our waiter was quite attentive and made sure we always had drinks and water.   We started with 1/2 price sangria.   Our dinner included Pincho De Pollo Chorizo, Mejillines Y Chorizo, Queso De Cabra Al Horno, Albondigas Caseras, and Alubias Blanco Con Pimiento.   Everything was delicious, we loved each tapas that we ordered.   They were so good.  The Mejillones Y Chorizo was out of this world.  The mussels with the sausage was a wonderful combination that was just fabulous.  I can't say enough on how good they were.   The plate sizes were great to share and the atmosphere was casual and warm.   They had a nice crowd early and now I know why, the food is exceptional and the cost very reasonable for food and drinks.   A great happy hour was had."}, {"review_id": "2B-dDpzposDFirOgu-9yOA", "user_id": "JtxtH6s457ENPOzvHDzwmA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/7/2018", "text": "This past week I was in Kansas/Missouri. Family lives there. Friday evening we went to this place. It was really nice, the shape of it was kind of small, thankfully there was outside seating to help with the crowd, but that doesn't mean it wasn't packed inside as well. We made reservations, which was a smart thing to do. I wasn't able to have most of the food my family ordered because I am catholic, and it was Good Friday. But I had a potato, cheese combo thing, and it was delicious. Apparently it is served cold, but my palate didn't like that, so i asked if it was common for people to have it warm, and they were happy to do that for me. The rest of my family had a lot of dishes that looked so good and they said they were amazing. My mom and cousin also hadn't been there before so it was a pure reaction. After reading that you are probably wondering why it didn't get 5 stars from me, well I am being honest. I don't know spanish all that well and the menu was mostly written in spanish, I felt stupid for asking what it all meant. I also didn't care for the lack of non meat options. I know if someone was vegetarian they might not chose here, but vegetarian friends have friends who aren't vegetarian and everyone would like to be able to eat together once in a while. Overall, I would recommend it, I know if I was able to have meat, I probably would have enjoyed it more."}, {"review_id": "bkcyop7trmhzNRwzmqaUxA", "user_id": "a2Cv0ziQUeqAL9ZBVNw_7g", "rating": 2.0, "date": "3/4/2018", "text": "I should give this place one or no stars but I'll try to be kind since most of the clueless young staff seemed to mean well.I know it was a busy Saturday night (March 3, 2018) but little went right during the visit of our party of four.  First of all, there weren't nearly enough wait staff.  Our waiter seemed overwhelmed with the number of tables he had to service.The food was pathetic and the timing ridiculous.  One person it our party got his plate over 30 minutes after the first plate was served to our table.My seafood paella was awful.  Please go to Wikipedia to get a clue about what a seafood Paella should at least resemble.  The tiny mussels and clams were almost barren of meat.  The squid were like tiny spiders - maybe they were!  Paella isn't supposed to be bland and tasteless - send your cooks to a cooking school or, better yet, send them to Spain to learn how to make even half way authentic dishes.No one in our group complained about their food or the service but it was clear that no one was happy.  The waiter obviously knew how bad it was going due to the offer of free desserts.  We then felt obligated to accept this generous offer but it took \"forever\" for the desserts to come to our table.  I just wanted to get the check, pay and leave.  All I can say is - never again."}, {"review_id": "QkEw2BwSxytgJqUGvmVgeQ", "user_id": "mX_ebT6tP_0p8G4IeBxTlA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/10/2018", "text": "I kept seeing this place pop up as a recommendation on Yelp, but I never gave it much attention; Boy, have I been missing out!We decided to go on a Tuesday evening which was a pretty slow night. The restaurant was comfortable and more casual that I thought it would be, which I enjoyed. We were seated promptly by a very friendly gentleman, and our server, Jessica came by shortly after. After hearing it was our first time, Jessica walked us through the menu, recommended how much to order per person and what she suggested. She also let us know the daily special.I ordered a glass of wine, suggested by Jessica, and he ordered a Bodega Vodka Tonic. We both enjoyed our drinks.We started with 4 tapas which were brought out only 1 or 2 at a time, which set a nice pace for our meal. We were very pleased not to be rushed and felt like we could have hung out and just relaxed there all night. After finishing our first 4 tapas, we ordered another because we simply couldn't get enough!The only negative thing I'll say is the music was a bit odd (90's/2000's pop?) for the atmosphere. Also BEWARE: While the menu prices seem very affordable ($7-13 on average), the bill can get pretty steep once you start ordering several plates, which you will.Overall, I adore this place and can't wait to return, especially in the summer when we can take advantage of the beautiful patio!"}, {"review_id": "Bv1BzYhO-LnFRhSAQbOVeA", "user_id": "eHvQM9DqzA_QN__2Q5xLOw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/26/2017", "text": "Started off with the calamares y chorizo a la plancha, which was really lemony (just the way I like it). My main course was la trucha (trout), which consisted of 2 thin, crispy fillets over Brussels sprouts in some sauce which I thought could be a little more flavorful.Ambience was nice, good for dates and groups. Food was on the expensive side, but somewhat expected given it's a fairly upscale tapas place."}, {"review_id": "0OfNTYhmGdkiMT8KY4fPbA", "user_id": "98DslWquC6ypAJZyZcKcZg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/7/2018", "text": "We came here for a birthday celebration. It's a tapas place so the dishes are smaller designed to share in order to try a bunch of different items. Exactly up my alley! To get the most out of it, it works best if you have a group who likes to share and somewhat similar preferences (\"know your audience\"). However, the menu does have some larger main dish items to accommodate. We ordered to pitchers of the special sangria ($40/each). Sangria is admittedly not usually my first choice (usually too sweet), but this was one of the best sangrias I have had. I could definitely see myself crushing them on the patio in the summer. The food was excellent! We had: (1) roasted mushrooms with garlic and white wine sauce ($7.5) 2) baked goat cheese in tomato sauce ($8.5) 3) pancetta wrapped dates with chorizo ($9) 4) skewered chicken ($9.5); (5) scallops wrapped in Serrano ham with a red pepper aioli ($13) 6) the elote special; (7) 2 orders of the patatas bravas ($7.5). Note: most groups would probably order more food. I'd guess 3-4 tapas dishes per person is more accurate. It was all yummy and I would order everything again. Favorites include the scallops, elote and potatoes. The scallops were perfectly cooked and had a beautiful sear just melting in your mouth. The Birthday churros with a candle were a nice touch. Service was generally good. Our waitress was friendly and helpful. I also thought she was patient with our larger table as we worked things out. It was also nice they were willing to split the check for a larger party. It did slow down at the end and took 10-15 minutes to get the check, but you could just see they got slammed. I'll definitely be back!"}, {"review_id": "_O2nTRxKAy2LaQgVt5go8A", "user_id": "irfzBkHbLC7crgPjeMBqsA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/19/2017", "text": "This was the highlight of our trip to Kansas City. I am so glad that we stopped in cause this is one of those places that you would definitely want to go back to.Ok... so what exactly is tapas you ask? Here's what they tell us...Tapas is a daily event in the life of the Spanish culture. Mainly a Northern Spain, Basque Regional tradition, it has grown to signify a way of eating and socializing.Ambiance:La Bodega is simple yet representative of the food you are getting ready to experience. Plenty of seating both inside and out. We chose to sit outside and it was the perfect weather to do just that. It gets a little noisy being roadside but it was still fun.Service:Service was excellent! We let our server know that this was our first time and she walked us through the menu. She was extremely helpful and friendly. She took time to answer all of our questions and her suggestions were on point.Food:Now let's come to the best part. The menu can seem a little intimidating at first but I think it would be hard to order anything wrong here. Plenty of options for both vegetarian and non-vegetarian. They also have Gluten Free options. We ordered a couple of plates and for 2 adults and 3 kids, it was plenty.We started with the Brotxeta which is Grilled Shrimp wrapped in pancetta, served with horseradish cream sauce. A simple meal but with amazing flavor and the sauce was surprisingly not overpowering. We also ordered a plate of the Champiñones A La Plancha which is this delicious plate of roasted mushrooms with garlic and white wine parsley sauce. (FYI - Trust me, save the sauce for later...it's worth it!). We ended with Paella Valenciana which has chicken, shrimp, PEI mussels, clams, chorizo, sofrito & green beans in Calasparra rice. They had a fun selection of desserts as well and we went with the S'mores and it was sooooo good!There is no reason why they wouldn't get [*][*][*][*][*] stars!!!"}, {"review_id": "l7mC6gkC1-FekZ8_zlRujg", "user_id": "I1w6Qp58d_PsCse9WRX-iw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "7/31/2017", "text": "I completely went against almost everything I believe in and I tried the Leawood location of La Bodega before the hip predecessor, the premier Boulevard location. However, both locations seem to execute the vision properly, clean tapas, an inviting Mediterranean color palette, and the edition of lush patios. Don't tell anybody, but I'm not a hundred percent convinced I preferred this location over the newer 119th resident. Happy Hour at various times throughout the ENTIRE week is also a huge plus, it was a nice surprise on Sunday at 2:00pm to find out so many tapas were half price and glasses of wine for $5!The grilled bread with fig compote, goat cheese topped with chilled red peppers is always a winner with me, no mater what location. The potatoes with a potent garlic aioli drizzled on top in thick worms were really savory, salty and good. I also tried one of the meatball tapas, maybe I ordered the wrong one, but to me they seemed a little overhyped. Soft chewy bread, the same as the cold tapa I ordered and as the bread basket given to me, and a meatball in some type of sort-of spicy tomato sauce and a sprinkle of nutty Parmesan cheese. It just seemed a little one-note and not too inventive in my personal opinion. On this particular day I did not go with any of the chef's special tapas however a stuffed shishito pepper configuration seemed promising. I did go with the Muscles which had fatty chorizo and an aromatic broth of fennel, onion and saffron. Once again, to me this dish was pretty lackluster and the saffron was almost completely absent. Also, it was just a tad annoying when my server overheard me talking to my table partner about this and awkwardly came up and asked \"if the muscles were extra saffrony today?\" because she \"saw a lot of saffron in that one\" and pointed to an empty shell...which definitely didn't have any strands of golden saffron sticking to it. Anyways, minor point of annoyance. La Bodega still is an overall above average tapas spot with a way more approachable menu than my personal favorite tapas restaurant a little further down into Crossroads. So, that could be something that may appeal to others because it is easy to find menu items with relatable ingredients and conventional proteins. This is more of my mom and dad's tapas place and not really a food destination in KC but it has its time (Happy Hour) and place in this city (and in the 'burbs)."}, {"review_id": "MhGqno5WbXv_KH0BSckx8Q", "user_id": "p-HRoFSYe2I97NHtBZlm5g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "Went for happy hour a few weeks ago.. got several tapas to try all were great!! I was much easier on the bill to try several during HH pricing"}, {"review_id": "ZxkAZMw7OaR5g4_kmzQWRw", "user_id": "MvPEVhp2yzB5iEkN8V1QFQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/20/2018", "text": "Fun atmosphere, good food, good selection. A little pricey but worth it for a nice dinner and drinks."}, {"review_id": "DAWMyF6YJlgJ-pWkmJ3RDw", "user_id": "mziZZzSWWN2wCiGVNH-DEg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/10/2018", "text": "First time at the \"originale\" location, embarrassed to admit. Been to the Leawood location multiple times. Called ahead and were seated immediately. Love the ambiance of this location with all the candles. Had a glass of sangria, hubby had the \"An Old Fashioned World\", which he said was the best old fashioned he has ever had. We shared a selection of the hot tapas. MEJILLÓNES Y CHORIZO, which are mussels with this amazing chorizo broth, cooked perfectly, not chewy at all. We also had the BROTXETA, the horseradish cream sauce was amazing. Hard not to lick the plate. Next was CALAMARES Y CHORIZO A LA PLANCHA, which was the best calamari I have ever had. This will be the calamari that all will be compared to going forward. This place really knows how to do seafood right. Next up was the CRESPELLE DE FETA Y PUERROS, which was extremely rich, like a super decadent lasagna, but with crepes and goat cheese.Our last tapas was the VIERAS CON JAMÓN SERRANO, which were ok, scallops were a bit charred. Tons of food, 2-3 tapas per person is more than enough. We also had the flan for dessert, which was just the right amount of sweetness. Had fun talking to the group next to us, both parties eyeballing each others' tapas to see which ones to order next. The tapas come out pretty quickly. Wonderful dinner, will absolutely be back."}, {"review_id": "ryy27Gggt6i_5TbvS-pzHQ", "user_id": "-hYYjAXSAa657rY0ANtTGQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "7/14/2017", "text": "La Bodega is a nice change of pace from what I usually eat, but I can't say I would come here often.First off, the parking situation here is horrendous. I drove around the block for 10 minutes before finding anything remotely close. Service was just ok. I would run out of water and sit without, but they were busy and the waitress was really nice when she did stop by.The atmosphere of the restaurant is nice. It feels fresh and trendy, but if you sit inside the acoustics are ridiculous and you have to yell all night to have a conversation with your dining companion if it's busy.The menu is extensive and the tapas plates are pricey and add up quickly, but there is definitely a little something for everyone on the menu. The drink list is impressive as well.I had the seafood paella, which was just meh. It had a lot of seafood but the entire dish really lacked flavor. My friend ordered the  filet off the tapas menu and it was really fantastic. We split a potato side that had some kind of mustard sauce on it, which my friend really liked, but I wasn't crazy about.For dessert, we split the raspberry churros and the s'mores dish. The s'mores dish was heavenly, warm, melty and gooey. I could come here and just order three of those for dinner and be perfectly happy (and would have to unbutton my jeans to sit down). The raspberry churros were also really delicious and had a sort of donut/funnel cake flavor to them that was interesting.I would definitely be willing to eat here again, although I would skip the paella and order some small plates instead next time."}, {"review_id": "5pQtxI7VrCoE8E2WyoWAzA", "user_id": "fCJYoE6FW9gUm75NHxqioQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/8/2018", "text": "You can get a traditional meal here and it is very good. If you want to go different try the tapas. It gives you a chance to try different flavors and foods. There sautéed shrimp is amaxing. Nice place right on Southwest Blvd. Just has a different feel. I like the explosion of flavor and the consistent quality."}, {"review_id": "xPOkmNdZnGmSdDuk1-ruGQ", "user_id": "9q4gEXo8lfKPVcmhMNIlyQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "6/25/2017", "text": "Had a fabulous time dining in the outdoor patio Sat Night. First off Service was great from start to finish, our server took great care of us and was very attentive. Food was Absolutely delicious, I tried the Mushrooms in wine and they were just fantastic. I also tried the Mixed Calamari plate which comes with rice and Squid - it was just delicious a bit on the spicy side but delicious. Food really lived up to my expectations, I definitely recommend both of these entrees. For drinks I got the Red Sangria with a Champagne add on & it was fantastic (very Refreshing). Finally for desserts I tried a creme brûlée 'like' dessert & the marshmallow dessert both were ok Didn't make the cut (Too sweet). Ill stick to wine for dessert next time ;). But overall I loved the place very comfy and food was fantastic."}, {"review_id": "gAfMRzNfaQi4Sf6K9ScdQg", "user_id": "P5OvJ1kYPvOH7meBucHwuQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "So fresh and so flavorful! Reasonably priced for high quality and inventive dishes. Exceptional service and authentic atmosphere is second to none."}, {"review_id": "ovGTZ0CDmPIYpt0TAe0_wg", "user_id": "uHUhDDQM-1OQI2296bvZdA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/26/2018", "text": "I thought that La Bodega was easy to get to but the surrounding area was not the greatest. Parking was also okay... wish there was more available parking near the restaurant. The inside venue was very pretty with hand craft tables and paintings etc. The Service was OK with offering different ideas on food and drink options but not the greatest at selling options on the menu. An it was really bad wait times where we did not know were are server went. The food was decent with different types of Spanish entrées and the sauce were very delicious. Price range was very expensive and I was expecting more food. Over I give three and half stars for La Bodega."}, {"review_id": "oGZf71RluJbl0SmXMF3zYw", "user_id": "EfGb7qPKNLs5h0p4PyUFMg", "rating": 2.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "The food was good - no complaint there. All complaints lie with the service. No hospitality, rude, we waited 20 minutes before a waiter (not even the one assigned to our section) showed up to ask us what we wanted to drink. I am sure I could rate the restaurant higher if the service is better but I'm not sure I'll be back."}, {"review_id": "XZJ2nIYp64YECJ-6KpP5Ww", "user_id": "ZYZNcugF3xUEGyLOVGiZ0Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/23/2017", "text": "LOVE this place!  I only wished I had found it sooner so I could spend my Summer sitting out on their amazing patio, sipping wine and enjoying their fantastic cuisine.I stopped in for lunch on a recent Monday.  The Crossroads district of KC is my favorite place to check out the \"flavor\" of the city.  La Bodga was no exception!  Our server, Faviola was fantastic, offering up suggestions with a smile and I went along with all of her suggestions and she was spot on!To start with, know that they have luncheon sizes of their wonderful paella.  So I knew before I even got there that the seafood version of the paella was going to be my entree.   It was delicious with calamari, white fish, scallops, mussels and clams. It comes with a small salad which is just the perfect complement.We had an appetizer of the Jamon iberico which is always one of my favorites and it did not disappoint me here either with crunchy bread, proscuitto and shaved cheese.  Delicious!And know that they have a wine special on Mondays where glasses of wine are only $5 a glass.  Sit a spell and enjoy the wonderful ambiance and service that is La Bodega.Will I be back?  You bet.  This is one of my new favorites in the KC area!  Check it out!"}, {"review_id": "v8sm26pmU42BamplKk-U5g", "user_id": "vur_RB7qgXTUAcHfpcYpAg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/11/2018", "text": "Great food and awesome service! Delicious Spanish tapas dishes perfect for sharing (about 3-4 person portions) and the red sangria pitcher is a must have. The patio area was so inviting and we can't wait to come back for patio season"}, {"review_id": "S6lsaoIszDoK10-_qtKrOg", "user_id": "Qo1ybvErH2XgvOJSwvylVg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/5/2017", "text": "A late night drink brought us to La Bodega. The Spanish coffee is more than a show. It's delicious. So delicious I bought a bottle of Kahlua on the way home. I'm also now requesting my in-home barista (boyfriend) sprinkle cinnamon on the edge of my coffee cups. We also enjoyed the Queso de Cabra. Goat cheese and a tomato based sauce with crostinis. So freaking good. I wanted to eat it by myself and not share... Both the outdoor and indoor area is decorated so nice. Very romantic, it seemed many here were on dates. Everything is decorated with precision. Even the bathroom decor is next level attention."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/la-bodega-kansas-city?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]