[[{"review_id": "dhv5f1KzkVBpbxsFLxD15A", "user_id": "2EWTK9tYPn-UYC7lzDjpWQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/10/2018", "text": "Who doesn't love BCD? People who hate food and life in general that's who. Great vibe, place is the size of a closet inside, live music on Sat, outside seating sparse, staff is quick and efficient, turnover is fast. What to get? What do you like? I'm partial to the black and blue, chicken shack, and the carmelo. Honestly I've not had anything I didn't like, price point is the truth, expect to pay $5-7 clams for stacked sandwiches, no skimping here, chips and drinks along with limited beer selection is available.Top notch sandwiches with fast service, BCD really does a good job of representing the city and it's people. Lines of people and 5 star reviews don't lie, BCD is legit. Stop by and grab a few sandwiches you'll be happy you did."}, {"review_id": "urUPd5BheSRTb5onoZdxKw", "user_id": "G5jzQhJ52Bi8vezj_N3vjA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/31/2018", "text": "I'm just a po'boy, nobody loves me..... just kidding! Everyone loves Blues City Deli. As evidenced by the big line that forms outside of the establishment during the entire time it is open!Blues City Deli is located in what I'd consider to be a residential neighborhood on a corner. First, I'm super jealous of the families that live right there in walking distance! Second, it means that you have to know what you're looking for because you won't just stumble upon it if you're wandering around STL.At first, I was a bit dismayed by the line outside (I'm an east-coaster, so I'm used to crowds but hate wasting time in lines!) Luckily, I didn't have to wait for long. The turnover was quick on the tables, and the man behind the register as well as the whole team in the kitchen pumped out the delicious creations with ease. With a slightly southern, soulful feel, the walls are decorated with lots of music-related items and photos. And all the sandwiches have great southern names as well. You can go for cold, hot, melty, cheesy, meaty, spicy or basically any combo of the above. I went with the Delta Bayou sandwhich - and boy did it not disappoint! Fresh bread, lots of meats, dripping with cheese, covered in sauce. Perfection. The combo of the ingredients was perfection. I also opted for a side of the seasonal red beans and rice w/andouille sausage. A bit on the spicy side for me, it was still very good as a side to the sandwich.I left very satisfied! I can definitely tell why there's a line around the corner for this staple establishment :)"}, {"review_id": "x-jEM7ksjHoz7P1CFBpiKA", "user_id": "XIyMaaTKRIu1ey8y8xhJ_g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/22/2018", "text": "This place is just fantastic. Delicious and extremely craveable food (and a very good value). Fun, casual environment with frequent live music by excellent local musicians/bands. Vinnie, the owner, is a sweetheart; he truly cares about his customers and tries to know at least a little bit about everyone (which is impressive as this place attracts lots of people and countless regulars). The staff is always helpful and friendly. Despite typical long lines, the food always comes out quickly. Nothing negative to say about BCD! The deli gives you those warm fuzzy feelings and makes you feel like you're part of something. A true neighborhood gem. A true St. Louis experience."}, {"review_id": "zi0Oy4ZUMdF8ztnmLwHObQ", "user_id": "OrTAGO5vrviP50GaVTnfXw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "I'm from Chicago, so grew up on Chicago style eats. This place has am Italian beef sandwich that's so good it just doesn't make sense. I get mine with extra meat, mozzarella on top, ands bottom, hot giardiniera, no onions, and a side of the best aujus I've ever had in my life. I don't know what Vinnie makes it out of, but he's got it figured out, it's even better than my dad's recipe, and that's saying a lot. Their Chicago dog is another of my favorites.Honestly, Le'Grand's Market, although a completely different style sandwich, is the only place that compares to these guys. It depends on what kind of sandwich you want as to who is better that day."}, {"review_id": "IUMykK2eo36h0658DbHvBw", "user_id": "uKIlbEGArVATIwGztk6bsg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/9/2018", "text": "What an amazing place. The walls alone make it a fascinating experience. The sandwiches are just incredible. I just loved the entire experience. There was a line out the door, but it moved very fast. They do a great job! Very nice people."}, {"review_id": "kTdOQOB40Jro7wIrmFr35w", "user_id": "tQDSfuYHzrQyUhC0GT5mGA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/18/2018", "text": "This place is good. And I really was not expecting to agree with all these dang 5 star reviews.One of us had the Prez Reuben - they loved it. I had the St. Louis Primo - I loved it.My boyfriend had the Big Tommy - devoured it.I'm SUPER picky about sandwiches and after trying all of the ones we purchased, they are definitely popular for a good reason.  Not to mention that we had to wait in a long line (I'm VERY against long lines and would rather leave) and it was all worth it.If you're not sure what to get, ask the person helping you. We got the Big Tommy on their recommendation and it was the bomb."}, {"review_id": "AiUnWyKlZA8F_ThFsq9otQ", "user_id": "M1fk_IYOyZBKIw6ov8Q9hg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/24/2018", "text": "Wow.  I looked at my sandwiches and was amazed at the volume of meat on them.  Then I took bites and was amazed at the quality and flavor of the meat and of the toppings.I tried to go to Blues City Deli for lunch last Friday, but as I drove up to it at 11:40, the line was already down past the long end of the bldg.  Since I didn't have that long a lunch, needed to still drive back to the office, and didn't know how quickly the line moved, I settled for something less.  However, I resolved to order ahead for the next Friday - and that's what I did.  Good thing I decided to try to call in my order fairly early.  The phone message says you have to order before 10 am, and pick it up before 11 am.  When I arrived at about 10:50, there were already about 10 people in line.  I tried the front door and it was locked.  And with no signs about how to pick up orders, I was stymied.  There was a side door, which I tried, but it also was locked.  I then stood outside for a couple minutes, and fortunately saw someone open another door at the far back end of the bldg side.  That unmarked door is where you cut through the kitchen to get to the counter and pick up your order.  Who'da thunk?!Anyway, my sandwiches were already wrapped and bagged, so I paid and skedaddled back to the office.  I ordered a Mike's spicy beef n cheddar (Hot Roast Beef, Bacon & Sharp Cheddar, Lettuce, Tomato, Onion & Smoky-Spicy Delta Sauce, Italian Rolls), and a large/12 oz Prez Reuben (New York-style Pastrami & Swiss, Sauerkraut, Thousand Island Dressing & A Pickle Spear, Rye).  It was more than I needed, but I knew it might be tough to get back there and I wanted to try a couple of recommended sandwiches.First thing I noticed after I unwrapped them was that they were really stacked high with meat (for pretty inexpensive sandwiches).  And the meat was high quality, too.  Lots of flavor, good spice, and tender - especially nice on the pastrami, with them having rendered the fat down without ruining the meat.  Both sandwiches were hot, which of course releases even more flavor.  The spicy beef n cheddar had enough sauce to make it run down my hands some, but not so much to just make a mess.  And the smoky-spice description sums it up pretty well.  Not overpowering, but enough substance to satisfy.  Bacon was easily bitten through, and the lettuce, tomato, onion all held their position.  The roll was fresh but substantial enough to hold all that meat, toppings, and juice.  A top notch sandwich.And then the Prez Reuben just completely matched it.  The bread is buttered and grilled up panini style to again hold all that meat and toppings too.  Pastrami was very tender, and I think it was cut into smaller pieces - so you didn't take a bite and have half the meat drag out with it.  Very thick layer of pastrami on there.  Sauerkraut wasn't overly glommed on, so it gave flavor without overpowering, and same with the Thousand Island.  It was all well-balanced and savory, savory, savory.I can see why there's such a line.  Make time to get yourself some."}, {"review_id": "kaw0-eo54v--wbsOZsT1Ng", "user_id": "RJm5qxSw1Ct5VNrEOg1h_g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/16/2017", "text": "A really cool sandwich shop that's small in size, but huge in flavor! Now anyone that knows me or have seen my reviews, know that I don't follow the hype, and in fact, I'm at times more critical of places with huge hype. That being said, you can trust and believe that Blues City Deli absolutely deserved all five of the stars that I'm giving this review! I came here about 2pm last Wednesday. I had virtually no wait when I arrived, but right after I placed my order and sat down at a table, a line developed and continued until after I left.This place is very small, so I'd say timing is everything if you want to eat inside the restaurant. The gentleman who was working the register (possibly the manager/owner), was very nice, friendly, and helpful to me. I ordered the 7th Street Sicilian (it was served warm, huge, filling, and delicious), and asked for a sweet tea. He kindly apologized and informed me that they stop brewing sweet tea in October and decided not to brew it anymore until around April, due to lack of orders of it in the fall and winter. I was bummed out but appreciated his candor. I settled on a regular iced tea, and asked if they had lemons. He then asked one of the staff members to go to the back and cut up a lemon for me to put in my tea. It was nice of him to do that. Shortly after sitting down I was brought a package of wrapped lemon wedges for my tea, and then was brought my sandwich not long after.I really appreciated the service that I received while here. The large selection of sandwich options (most delis have one \"Italian\" sandwich option, while this place has about 5!), and vast array of chips (including Zapp's, Rap Snacks, you name it!), give this place an A+ in my book. I wish this place was open until dinner time every night of the week and I wish that it had a larger dining room, but clearly, this restaurant has a system that works and it hasn't hindered their fans from returning. I'm definitely a fan and can't wait to return and try another great sandwich!"}, {"review_id": "FXXqeRWpTrC1fka42_RTyw", "user_id": "cZohBzgCY3B4Fbd25GHHLQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/24/2017", "text": "You know those restaurants your friend invites you to, and you ask them for a recommendation, and they say, \"Everything's good!\" Well, Blues City Deli is one of those places that actually holds up to the statement.This is a frequent lunch spot for my co-workers and I. Though there is always a line, the line moves fast. The employees get the food out quick! Even though they have ~3 pages of sandwiches, they really have this sandwich making stuff down to a science.Here are some tips if it's your first time.- Come at 11am when they open, or 5 minutes before opening. This will help you avoid a long wait.- There are no menus outside. If you want, there are paper menus on the counter on the right hand side you can grab.- If you want a drink and chips, grab a soda and chips as you walk up to the cashier to place your order.- The cashier will give you a number. Find a seat and place the number on the table. Someone will hunt you down and give you your food.- There's seating inside and outside. Seating tends to fill up the later you come.If you are looking for a great sandwich shop, give this place a shot!"}, {"review_id": "GfjMVxz7lXY_YQSJLDsJ5g", "user_id": "hFJgRL0m1i1XFXVu7YxGTw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/25/2017", "text": "This deli really hit the spot on my way out of town.  I visited for a late weekday lunch, so no live music, but the food was good enough to make a great first impression.  It's a pretty small place, so when they have music, you can imagine it's very crowded.I sampled one of the craft root beers in a bottle, called Big Muddy, the Chicken shack ranch sandwich and the Mike's roast beef sandwich.  I also added a bag of Zapp's chips, a freshly baked chocolate chip cookie, and a sweet tea.  I ate everything there, with exception of chips which I took back on the plane.I'm a big beef lover, but my favorite was probably the chicken shack ranch.   I really enjoy chicken sandwiches for lunch, and this was definitely one of the tastier ones I've ever had.  Large chunks of tender chicken which has been chopped and tossed in their ranch dressing.  The dressing was pretty light and not your typical thick store-bought dressing.  I guess anything with bacon is gonna be good, add cheese and usually even better.  The Chipotle sauce on the beef sandwich was only a little spicy, but gives a great flavor.  Overall, this sandwich didn't have much depth and variety in taste I was hoping for.  Part of what makes these sandwiches unique is their sauces which seems to go on each one.Oh yeah, did I mention prices for sandwiches are dirt cheap, thus a big reason people order two of them."}, {"review_id": "pQqlXrvU0S9suZDja9L6PQ", "user_id": "Hi10sGSZNxQH3NLyWSZ1oA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "8/2/2017", "text": "If this place sucked, it'd be \"Blows City Deli\", but thankfully it doesn't.BCD is a really great concept, although drinks and food are a little pricy for my taste. I'm not big into the blues music scene or the genre, so most of the artists that play here, while I respect them, don't really do it for me. What I do love is the energy of the place. It's always packed and it really brings the neighbourhood to life. STL needs all the help it can get in terms of the arts and culture and bringing people together, and this is a bastion of excellence. But don't try ordering food during a show. They don't appreciate that you don't already know that you can't."}, {"review_id": "3LDyyiG_lYi4XppO5fklQA", "user_id": "swgXXZKjHbgu_TInKmrMXQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "6/28/2017", "text": "Yes it's all about the food, but the Blues City Deli offers that and so much more. With a line that wraps outside and down the long side of the building I knew I was in for a treat. This place is special from the very cool hand painted portraits of blues musicians to some great vintage photos and live music on Thursdays (I think). Plus they have a great selection of sandwiches. I got the Delta Bayou, garlic peppered pork tomato, onions, and a spicy Delta sauce on an Italian roll at 5.95 it's a good buy. I'll definitely be back."}, {"review_id": "XmpbrEGJVDslGghaDkub0g", "user_id": "GDroWUTcy7ELYm4m7nWKsQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "Always fresh and delicious! Do not freak out when you see the line out the door, and snaking down the side of the building. At worst, it'll take 10 minutes to place your order, with the sandwiches streaming out within 5 minutes. If they are offering red beans and rice the day you show, treat yourself!"}, {"review_id": "S4YL0pwyxR6OfE0Fmx9Z4Q", "user_id": "FsLHspoG9dOTarpajn9ubg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "Visiting from out of town, and what a great spot! Live blues spilling out into the streets for a line around the block. Patrons and staff were all happy, and that line moves quite quickly. Specialty sodas, various beers, and lots of chips options to choose from. Wife & I split the muffuletta (good), Memphis stax (great), & the Mike's spicy beef-n-cheddar (fantastic). All of the meat was of excellent quality, which is what really stars here. My only complaint was the \"olive salad\" on the muffuletta wasn't. It was just large pieces of olive, not really the diced pickled deliciousness that typically accompanies a muffuletta. This is obviously a minor beef, however, as I'd still give it 5 stars overall. We had a great time and would definitely recommend to anyone visiting StL for a one-of-a-kind experience. (Just bring your folding chairs :)."}, {"review_id": "A49a2CxOVbUYJGMYyBNmkQ", "user_id": "jfP512Pt6pjRHGw8UlyHGw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "6/25/2017", "text": "Not sure this review is gonna add much more info... but this place is AWESOME! There was definitely a line of ~20 people at 11:00 am on the Wednesday I went. After I got inside and ordered I probably only waited 5 min for my 3 sandwiches, so quick service!The Muffuletta (half) - I actually disliked this sandwich but that was my fault for ordering it. I knew ahead of trying it that it contained Kalamata olives (which I hate) and I ordered it anyways per other yelp reviews. IT IS VERY KALAMATA OLIVE-ey so there you go. That being said I could still tell the ingredients were of the best quality and the half sandwich was actually still quite huge. Definitely worth the extra cost in terms of value.7th Street Sicilian - wow! Great sandwich! The vinaigrette that they put into the sandwich was so flavorful and really went well with the deli meats. I would definitely recommend this if you like vinegary sandwiches!!Mike's Spicy Beef and Cheddar - yummy! The beef was so juicy and tender. And the sauce added a perfect mild amount of spiciness to give it a little kick. It's really not that spicy in my opinion but I preferred it that way. Highly recommended!!!"}, {"review_id": "cFpLzyjZm2_UWMRo2BxgYQ", "user_id": "jNxKAN9Hvwa30w9oymYt0g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/25/2017", "text": "Extremely delicious sandwiches. The line can get a bit long but it moves fast. There is not a lot of seating inside but there are a bunch of tables on the side of the place and in the back outside. Works when the weather is nice. The Italian sausage sandwich is amazing, as was the beef. Nice size portions and delicious. Food comes out quickly as well. The grilled cheese is on a pretzel bun with provel and cheddar cheese. Absolutely delicious!"}, {"review_id": "Xe8uO7fI0PrW8MZCrEZRJA", "user_id": "7ydt0PsX7eWnCz4s1XyYUw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/27/2018", "text": "I have no idea how their sandwiches are so amazing, but they are the best sandwiches ever. Don't let the long line intimidate you. That should only confirm your suspicion that this is the best sandwich place in STL.  And the line moves fast."}, {"review_id": "NKSO6HPUgp9809sCNKnIjQ", "user_id": "nr35WjC-YI0dFcsnW33Szw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/14/2017", "text": "So, it's just a sandwich shop - why the hype? You are really there for the experience and yes - a damn good sandwich. If it is your first time, you should always come when there is live blues/jazz music (Thur 6-8pm and Saturday). There is a line, but I honestly did not experience much of it on a Thursday prime-time night. They are also efficient with their service.Pros:1) Friendly, friendly staff2) Street Sicilian is on point3) Love the Pastrami on Rye and it's soooo good, but it is not exactly New York Pastrami. Still sooo sooo close if you can't catch a flight to NYC right now!4) Rap chips. - Owned by Lil-Romeo! Can't believe they are here5) Lots of Local Chips and New Orlean ones like Zappos6) All the Sauces are basically made from scatch7) Reasonable prices for the sandwiches8) Crushed Ice!!!9) The music. Don't be afraid to get up and dance. 10) Homemade and warm chocolate cookies for $1Cons:1) Limited seating, but totally cool to bring your own lawn/football chair outside 2) No water cups by the water. You have to get in-line or ask for it somehow!3) Salads, ehh- nothing to rave about - but I got a small and I think getting a large gets you all the toppings! I think they missed all the meats in my chef salad. This has been on my list to do since it's kind of out of the way for me, but I am sure glad I came on a beautiful day to listen to some amazing music and to have a bomb sandwich.Who cares about my low carb fix when Blues City Deli is on my radar!"}, {"review_id": "9xiNteSGKKdfVVVLuQg1rQ", "user_id": "r8FVQHXxEQpu_Enf2Ux5Rg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/20/2017", "text": "Darn good Reuben. Better than most. Excellent service.   Proper amount of meat for a large Reuben which you don't get at a lot of places."}, {"review_id": "Y7fI_YFmgU73f-v8YB628A", "user_id": "hstpPlDzgNc5x4Bkp0Ntvw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/24/2018", "text": "Did not disappoint! A group of 6 of us went here on a Friday with a long line out the door. Lone moved quite fast and everything we ordered was on point.  The hot beef sandwiches were a standout but honestly anything you order will be amazing."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/blues-city-deli-saint-louis?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]