[[{"review_id": "eFNDsjkwaBQd54ApExLwjw", "user_id": "fiQ_bUqYaLjhZFb1euERsA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "I have nothing to contribute that hasn't already been said other than: I wish this place existed in Boston. Go here. Please. You will have an excellent and perfectly balanced meal. I had the afghani muntoo - I'm leaving to go back to Boston tomorrow and I'm trying to figure out how to go back to Sameem's to get this dish again. It's _that_ good."}, {"review_id": "Gr6NzwAytyRKwk5gKkEq1Q", "user_id": "oSjspdVzTB8QhRY77BC_ww", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "If you love foods with explosive flavor, you will LOVE Sameem. First of all, the place feels like family.The waitstaff treat you like honored dinner guests. Second, the dishes are generously large. My family and I came in for what we thought would be a \"light\" lunch. We didn't expect to have a feast! Lastly, everything was AMAZING. The luhssey is a must-try; creamy and sweet. The sambosas are a delight. At one point, the owner approached us with a bowl of tikka masala and urged us to try it with beef we ordered.But, the star of the meal for me was the tilapia. I really don't like tilapia. This restaurant officially made one of my now favorite preparations of it. The spices, the texture, everything was spot on. The tilapia is life-changingly awesome.Come for the food, stay for the huge platters if food and the awesome service. This place is wonderful. Five stars."}, {"review_id": "3KMP21LpEC_kzib3-7BH5A", "user_id": "ZilcMG79l3xmd_TkmbHHSQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/7/2017", "text": "Sameem is a very small and simple restaurant, but these characteristics really contributed to the snug environment of it. Having been to many Indian and Middle Eastern restaurants in the past, I was unsure of what to expect with specifically Afghani food. Ultimately, I would describe this Afghani food as being similar to Indian/Middle Eastern flavors, but definitely is less savory and more sweet than these cuisines. Now to our food. Our food was delicious. I ordered the Chicken Qabelli Palau, which was a few marinated pieces of chicken with brown rice and naan bread. I thought the chicken was juicy, but would definitely benefit from some more spicier seasonings. The brown rice was a game changer. The brown rice was cooked with saffron, spices, raisins, and carrots. The rice was incredibly tasty and they provided a humongous serving of it. The sweet from the raisins really elevated the flavor of the rice. I asked our waitress how the rice was so flavorful and the waitress described how it was cooked with a lamb stock to give it its flavor. The only drawback of the meal was the piece of \"naan\" we got with our meal. This naan was a disappointment as it tasted like a store bought pita. However, overall for the price of $10.50, my plate was well worth it and would definitely recommend this restaurant to people.My friends ordered other platters the Chicken Karahi and the Chicken Masala & Beef Koobeda Combos and were also very pleased with their items."}, {"review_id": "hqq5Q5Yy9XU0Uk5nIzkL0Q", "user_id": "LhzU2aslwf0mmXZBx2EQJQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "I'm a first time visitor, so I definitely played it safe for the menu selection. I figured I couldn't go wrong with any kind of chicken dish. So, I decided on the Curry Chicken. I really enjoyed the flavor of the chicken and it was cooked perfectly, not dry. Next time, I would probably ask for extra sauce. This was also my first time trying Basmati Rice. I think I would have enjoyed it more over just regular white rice. The Naan bread was a little tough, I've had better. But the staff are so friendly and were on top of the water refills. They even gave complimentary Kheer and Baklava for dessert. I would still come back and try something else down the line."}, {"review_id": "zH4d1Ez5lHLCcZ9VMYHt6A", "user_id": "9fV_u9Bhqr20G6TjJdyUsQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "11/18/2017", "text": "I took a leap of faith and decided to try this place. Well, I'm sad to report, that I am not a fan. The places was empty for a Thursday night. It's a nice place to go for a casual dinner for sure. The disappointment was in the food, the service was pretty good. I ordered Chicken Karahi (or Chicken in tomato sauce with peppers and onions). I asked for  medium spice which I got, but the dish lacked the depth of flavor that should've shown through in the sauce in dish. It was bland and greasy. The cucumber and tomato salad was light and delightful."}, {"review_id": "crrQWENIhSQZp67z24p02w", "user_id": "n4kAJbiZZhD7Aj4qfyueyw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/13/2017", "text": "Delicious!  Three days earlier, I had lunch at a similar, alternative Middle Eastern restaurant .  Sameem surpassed it by a long shot in customer service, flavor, presentation, and environment.  When my husband and I first entered, it appeared small and quiet.  We arrived about 15 minutes after it opened; therefore, I understood the scarcity of people.  The hostess offered to take us upstairs,  where my entire perception soon changed.   There were already a few tables full of other diners, along with a much bigger and wonderfully decorated dining area. I had checked out the online menu choices and the options appeared overwhelming. They have curries, kabobs, rice dishes,  along with many other middle eastern and Afghan choices.  In my experience too much variety, usually results in all mediocre dishes.  I was skeptical. We selected the Mixed Grill, Chicken Curry, and the Mid-Eastern Feast for two.  The feast included Falafel with a Tahini sauce and Pakowra with a Chutney (my husband's favorite part of the dish!). Each sauce was a perfect fit.  The dish had classic Hummus and Eggplant dips, along with a small portion of their fresh Pashtoon Salad. This was accompanied by thick, warm, naan.   The Mixed Grill included  a combo of their lamb, ground beef, and chicken.  Each seasoned separately to enhance the flavors of the meats.  The Chicken curry was loaded with sauce mixing perfectly with the rice.  While dining on this delicious food, our waitress and the owner himself came by a couple of times making sure we were satisfied and answering our questions.  Combining the service, delicious food and overall experience, I am excited to go back for more!"}, {"review_id": "9xf1X3uGyVJoZyxQdLQBSA", "user_id": "Bco1WVVLtMz67Yi-ilJwsA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/7/2017", "text": "I was in STL on a business trip and wanted to find a different restaurant from the typical BBQ place. Searching through the cuisines, I was surprised to see that there was an Afghan place. Since I've never tried the cuisine, I knew I had to stop by. I ordered the Lamb Qabelli Palau with the Baba Ganoush (even though it is not on the menu) as an appetizer. Holy moly, the baba ganoush is smokey perfection on the warm pita bread it is served with. The lamb was cooked perfectly and seasoned well. I LOVED the rice with the carrots and raisins, which give it a bit of sweetness and a toothy bite. The customer service here is exceptional; the staff is very knowledgeable on the menu and friendly, quick to answer any questions and give refills. I wish this restaurant was closer to me as I would be a regular."}, {"review_id": "ZsHQ9HFpknsRZTW0RvYnUw", "user_id": "iLdMvFKBeBS2mapr61EOrQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "Wonderful authentic food.  Generous portions, perfectly seasoned. Staff was friendly and helpful and as good as the food!  Had the lamb, wife had chicken teeka masala and loved it. Spicy but not overly.  Great location."}, {"review_id": "HtpvALw0ZGcnBCoAaKp7XQ", "user_id": "mRJUopHxaSy1yt3uo6m0Cw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "8/19/2017", "text": "Such a friendly welcome when we walked in the door of Sameem for our first time today!When the server learned it was our first time, she quickly assembled a small tasting of hummus and eggplant sides with warm naan.  The eggplant dish was fantastic- sweet and cinnamony and the hummus was smooth and lavish.We both ordered lamb(one curry, one karahi).  Both extremely tender boneless lamb in simple fragrant sauces along with basmati and bread.We will definitely be back!"}, {"review_id": "WDApSoTazBVLryQodu-EQg", "user_id": "m0UxagN9K80ZvXqp3GBa9A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "7/1/2017", "text": "1. This is real true Afghan food, you will truly find authentic food.2. Staff is super duper nice, so nice girls who can guide you what to eat according to your taste.3. Staff is amazing nice to the point where they offer sweets and their new dishes free of cost as you can try and taste their additions.4. Must must try their Mix grill, Afghani pulao/rice. 5. Their appetizers are insanely tasty delicious. Must go, you won't regret it ."}, {"review_id": "27Q7chPgmDVf4knFWBjbRw", "user_id": "xzXU5tzSMqbLCLvZGuawGA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/5/2017", "text": "How is it that I only tried Sameem on my last month in St. Louis? You mean to tell me I've been to college staples like Mission Taco about ten times (many against my will, because others picked the restaurant) but just once to Sameem? I clearly need to get my priorities in order. Afghan food is a bit of a mixture of Indian and Middle Eastern. You get classics like hummus, but also some innovative things like an eggplant dip (not quite baba ganoush) that was one of the best things I've ever eaten. The cucumber yogurt dip was refreshing, had some slight carbonation to it that I really enjoyed. Highly recommend the lamb shank over rice; be sure to eat the bit of bone marrow hidden in the shank bone, it's the best part! As smooth and rich as butter. The best way to eat here is family-style (don't invite anyone who \"prefers to other their own entree.\") It's all about sharing and trying new things here. Our server was so accommodating, especially with food allergies (my mom has Celiac's disease and can't eat gluten; our server provided her with raw cucumber and tomato slices so she could still eat the dips). Our server also gave us samples of the dough salty yogurt drink, which was great because it's a new concept for many of us at our table (no surprise, many of us liked it and ordered a full serving of it). Prices here are super competitive, especially since portions are quite big (for 5 people, we were good with 2 entrees and an appetizer sample platter. In fact, we had enough leftovers for someone to have lunch with!). I know this is where I'll be for my St. Louis farewell dinner! Thanks for a great experience Sameem!"}, {"review_id": "XIV-qb4eH7UOMj4ZYxsf_g", "user_id": "Ke6V8fhx0HweRjaRvKFtDw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/31/2018", "text": "I just LOVE their food. I order it for carry-out at least once a month. I love their sambosas and the chutney they come with (I always ask for extra chutney, bc I love to also eat it with naan or rice). Their hummus is the best I've ever had. It makes me want to banish grocery store hummus forever, or seriously learn how to make it at home, OR just keep getting it from here forever. For entrees, I always get either the vegetable beriani (deliciously spiced rice + vegetables), or the boorani challow (eggplant + rice)."}, {"review_id": "BKJqELQkhSAmHdUuIqgOHA", "user_id": "KOzY6SxCj_DEghG_XoeggQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/5/2018", "text": "Sameems is the perfect mix between Mediterranean and Indian food.  You get unique flavors that aren't overwhelming and huge portions.  Try the appetizer for 2 (feeds 4) and the emperor platter if you are first timers, lots of food, reasonable prices and pretty good service.  Not the cleanest or nicest restaurant but that's not why you come here."}, {"review_id": "injNMHeDnn_g5dcJsmo6Hw", "user_id": "WgGnDMaA5D5tizh6DjJr4A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/9/2017", "text": "The food is amazing!Our party shared the Mid East Feast as an appetizer. That is a great way to try several favorites, like their hummus and falafel. For an entree, I chose the Lamb Beriani, which is a pan fried rice with chickpeas and a lot of great spices. The lamb was exceptional: very tender and great flavor. It's a small restaurant but worth the trip!"}, {"review_id": "yLBtyaTsZmkWdhzUHKVyIQ", "user_id": "fmqQOgQ28l6Rn9k_U64G5Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/3/2017", "text": "Had been to this restaurant maybe 3-4 years ago when we visited St.Louis and found the food delicious. Went back yesterday and amazed to find the food quality is still the same. You can park at the parking lot across from the street. The owner was sitting at a table near us and was very friendly so was the staff. We were a little full so didn't order any appetizer and went straight for the entree. Ordered chicken broast ( yummy), curry chicken ( my kid ordered it, loved it and finished his whole plate!!), I ordered ( recommended by owner) the combo plate of chicken sheesh( they don't always have it) with another chicken kabob ( forgetting the name) I loved it and my mom ordered ( again recommended by owner) goat karahi and it was amazing. The goat meat was tender and didn't have any smell. Highly recommend the restaurant, it's not a fancy restaurant and it's decently priced with food that is simply delicious."}, {"review_id": "AOh6R0L5MnFjw0rBCT5OLw", "user_id": "P_25ycKT4FRoPIDosQI_6w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/24/2018", "text": "After 7:30 on a Saturday night, we got the last two person table upstairs. It was so noisy due to excited diners gabbing away, we asked to be seated downstairs. It was a little cold when people came and went, but it was much nicer for our date.The two of us started with Mid-eastern feast for four appetizer, because we wanted leftovers. That was a great decision that almost didn't work since we wanted to keep eating it! I especially liked all the different flavors of the pakowas (orange fried item in pictures) dipped in the mint chutney (green sauce).  The chutney has a real kick, but it really paired well with the pakowa. The falafel texture reminded me of a good fritter, not dry, not soggy, not oily, just right.Afghani Muntoo for me.  It was a mild dish, but had many different flavors, which I really enjoyed. See pictures. A guy at the next table said he was a regular and had tried everything. Now he just always gets the Muntoo, because it is the best dish. It seemed like it would be hard to make yourself. Many ingredients and not sure how it was prepared, but it was very good.My man had the koftka meatballs (a special only offered certain nights). It was a bit spicy for me, but not too much. The meat was not dry (like I have had at some other middle eastern restaurants). Served with a good helping of rice.  The white sauce (similar to raita) from the appetizer was a nice palate cleanser to offset the spice. I really liked this dish, but it seemed dull compared to the Muntoo.Getting two very different items and sharing made it even better. Had very good food and plan to come back. I see many other interesting things on the menu."}, {"review_id": "gmBWjJFyCmw8MLL4_b5AmA", "user_id": "T0TZld74jmsi0e6FoV2M6Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/18/2017", "text": "Let's be honest for just a sec...If I asked most people what's the first thing that comes to mind when they hear the word \"Afghanistan,\" I'll probably hear answers along the lines of; war, ISIS, bombs, etc. Little do people know that outside of these negative connotations, Afghanistan has a savory and flavorful cuisine. In other words, their food taste good. However, it's not surprising that most people in Saint Louis have probably never tried Afghan food. Matter of fact, in the State of Missouri there is only one Afghan restaurant (see photo above).As usual, when I eat somewhere new I try to pick out a dish that has a little bit of everything, so I went with the 'Mixed Grill' item on the menu. This came with a combination of ground beef, chicken, and lamb kabobs served with rice and Afghani naan (the national bread of Afghanistan).My mouth started watering once I saw all that grilled meat lying there protecting all the rice and stew from trying to escape. But I had only one concern-no side condiments or sauces came with the dish (nor were there any on the table). I was a little worried this meal might be on the dry/plain side, but that couldn't be farther from the truth. Each grilled piece of meat was succulent and could easily be eaten without teeth because of the tenderness. The grilled ground beef reminded me of meatloaf but, with a Middle Eastern twist.  The chicken (thankfully) wasn't dry and had a very mild-spicy-hot sauce kind of taste to it. Lamb kabobs could be considered the most typical and popular dish in Afghanistan and was my favorite part of this meal by far. It had a nice grilled outer layering and if you've never had lamb, you need to try it because it's so good! When I go back I will probably just tell the waiter to bring a whole plate of lamb kabobs and a toothpick because it was that good.To sum things up, get out your comfort zone and try new and foreign cuisines. Chances are, you're probably not going to be be able to travel to these Middle Eastern countries anytime soon but, that doesn't mean you can't try the local food."}, {"review_id": "Qol0OAjurKLzjgCO1DIWHw", "user_id": "Sf1XAuaLfKdxoD8mFozpPw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/10/2017", "text": "This place is fantastic! It carries a lot of different Afghan and Indian dishes to include my favorite, butter chicken. The dish came with rice and naan for a great price! The staff here is very friendly and helpful if you are unsure of what to order. Sameem has excellent food for a great value!"}, {"review_id": "Y98VmjWtA0k2HBtrQrnOew", "user_id": "Hj_VHoaP_Vw8xNrodhElKA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "6/5/2017", "text": "Came here with a friend for dinner and was not disappointed. To get straight to it, we got the sambosa to share which came with green chutney. Even though I would have liked the sambosa to have been a little more filled, they were delicious. I ordered the mix grill, which came with a chicken kabob, meat kabob, and a kafta kabob. My favorite was the chicken - really moist. Kafta was also very good. Dish came on a bed of rice, topped with a little veggie-curry mixture of potatoes, carrots, and peas, and also a piece of bread. Overall, I was pretty happy with my meal. Price is also not bad at all. My friend ordered the shrimp biryani and it has just the right amount of flavor and spice.Overall, was very happy with the food, the service, and the ambiance."}, {"review_id": "KhJZuC3_LWEbOG7cCC8iYw", "user_id": "79ac1iJiHRT0jqn16lNMGQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/22/2017", "text": "Just like Afghanistan. After spending one year in Kabul, Sameem's restaurant is exactly what i remember. The lamb, the rice, the naan...all of this is authentic. I can praise this place all day long. The best part is his kindness. There is nothing to compare this food to. It's just damn good. If you're hesitant, throw that feeling in the trash and just go. I wouldn't steer you wrong. Have a dope time."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/sameem-afghan-restaurant-saint-louis?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]