[[{"review_id": "XA8sNLCHueount5K7GOBhw", "user_id": "knzHY02dovrf4G1Aczqdng", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/31/2018", "text": "Top 5 dining experiences within the U.S.: that is all you need to know, and I don't state that lightly either.  I would say this restaurant blew all fine dining experiences I've had in my home city of Boston out of the water.  I was traveling on business, so we celebrated our anniversary here.  Bluestem is KCMO's crown jewel and is approaching Michelin caliber, but at a very affordable price point.The only downside was that our table was not ready on time for our Saturday evening reservation, and we had to wait in the lounge area, which didn't look like much, for over 45 minutes.  Because of the long wait, we were informed halfway into our cocktails that they would be comped; so that was courteous.  Finally, we were escorted to our table, in a very intimate room with very few tables and an open kitchen on the other side of the restaurant.  I instantly felt the warmth of the dining room and took in how beautiful the room truly was; the waitstaff and chefs were equally inviting.We opted for the five-course menu, but with an addition of an extra savory dessert course a la carte.  Every dish was executed perfectly, from tastes and textures to plating and presentation.  I absolutely loved every dish, with my favorite being the foie gras with poached apple, which had a cider bourbon concoction in the center that gently spilled out when cut into: I still dream of it.Besides the food, what put this dining experience over the top for us were the conversations we shared with couples on either side of us.  One lovely couple was celebrating their 30th anniversary and had offered to take our picture before they left.  For the rest of the evening, we had an amazing conversation with the other couple, whom I still think of fondly from time to time.In the end, I was so happy with my dining experience and thought the wait was totally worth it.  I'd love to come back to KCMO even if only to enjoy another dinner here."}, {"review_id": "zM6RY4Ct3zyN7FJjM5vVkQ", "user_id": "NKW1AM56Zq6Zw9PE1cMyng", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/26/2018", "text": "Full disclosure this is based solely on my experience dining at the bar. My friend and I arrived at about 6:30 on a Friday night for a girls night and snagged the last two spots at the bar-top, however the pastry bar and all but one of the tables were open. By the time we left at 8 everything was completely packed. For an appetizer I tried the crispy cauliflower. I was a little nervous that it would be spicy because the sauce is described as a curry sauce but honestly I could happily eat that every day of my life. It wasn't spicy at all and the sweetness was so smooth and subtle. Ugh it was so good. As an entree I decided to go with the crispy pickle chicken sandwich. The sauerkraut sauce sold me - I'm 8.5 months pregnant and just the thought of all that tang made my mouth water. I'm so glad I ordered it! It feels silly to say because it's a chicken sandwich but it really was the best chicken sandwich I have ever had. I had no idea that they could even be so good. Obviously we couldn't skip dessert so I tried the dark chocolate tart with peppermint, vanilla bean ice cream, and toasted meringue. The textures and flavors blended perfectly - nothing was too rich or overpowering. The only thing that bummed me out was the great looking cocktail list I had to stay away from.Jake and Jessie at the bar were perfect and answered every question we had. Even though there was a wait for seats we never felt rushed or like an inconvenience. Can't wait to come back!"}, {"review_id": "p3PK7rDlbbSEp97oUVbUZw", "user_id": "DW-FxHi3Q7uiv-kCBxDI_g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/11/2017", "text": "Is there a possibility to give this restaurant more than 5 stars. We have fined at Bluestem countless times. We often go to the dining room for special occasions. We go to happy hour literally every chance we get. The food is always incredible. The cocktails are amazing. The wine list is THE BEST on the city. And the service is impeccable. If you have a special occasion and you're not going to the Bluestem dining room, you have made a mistake. Do the 10 courses and get the wine pairings. It will change your life.We love all of the food in the bar area. The hanger steak is just fabulous. The steak tartare is some of the best in the city. Their pasta special is always good as are the soups. They had dill fries chicken for awhile that was so so so good. You cannot go wrong with any of the wines by the glass and their bottle list is impressive."}, {"review_id": "wRrWVT7_rfdmHd5vcU22ZA", "user_id": "mziZZzSWWN2wCiGVNH-DEg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/9/2018", "text": "Only came in for drinks. Had the \"farewell\", which had sparkling wine and gin, served in an old-fashioned champagne glass. Totally delish and perfectly made. Loved the ambiance/decor, will absolutely be back for more, menu looks great."}, {"review_id": "6JYFRLvM6g8u-6B0w68gKA", "user_id": "YeAKl7D_OEI0mrQR3L_tCw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Maybe I'm simply having an existential crisis wherein life's excitement has diminished or perhaps I'm getting older and more demanding. Regardless I found last night's dinner at Bluestem good but disappointing give the steep price ($345 for the 10 course meal and two drinks ea. for myself and my date). Basically there's nothing terrible to report other than stale table bread and a little amuse-bouche biscuit. Otherwise the Halibut cooked in olive oil was simply fantastic. This was the third time eating here and perhaps that fact played with our expectations somewhat. Overall I suggest that you save your money and find another restaurant or several for that price."}, {"review_id": "2R7JPbOzx_QPb707GtfDKQ", "user_id": "noY3yU_h40qeo-hkXGb4CA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/27/2017", "text": "We went here to celebrate our anniversary and chose the 5 course tasting menu. This restaurant is comparable to the finest dining experiences I have enjoyed in NYC and San Francisco at a fraction of the price. 10/10, Would highly recommend! If you choose the tasting menu expect to be there for a couple of hours or more. My husband wished we had chosen the 7 courses but I was at my limit with 5!We needed reservations but were able to make them on the same day. For a less costly visit they appear to offer menu ordering on the bar side of the restaurant but it also has regular seating and booths!The menu changes each month so I see little point in individually reviewing our dishes. I'll just say this: We loved everything. I especially adored the rabbit and I have never liked rabbit before. My husband ordered a scallop dish and I have never enjoyed the texture (and still didn't) but he literally moaned in pleasure and slowly chewed it. I appreciated the flavor non the less which says a lot!Service was lovely and attentive. I found the candles on the table to be atrocious as they caused whiffs of whatever they were burning to blow in my direction however when I moved it to the side of the table it reduced it and I couldn't really smell it from other tables so it wasn't a negative addition to my experience overall.My husband selected the wine tasting addition and each glass was different depending on what dishes he selected. The gentleman who came to discuss the wine was kind, pleasant, informative and a lovely addition to our meal.The kitchen is open to view and I absolutely loved having the opportunity to watch them work.At the end we were offered extra dessert bites and encouraged to sample them all when we had a hard time choosing. I can't wait for another opportunity to visit and take other loved ones local to the area so they can sample amazing culinary creations too without having to travel to one of the major coastal metropolises."}, {"review_id": "tE-hMZx2FPWNgSLeVqVaDA", "user_id": "mtNs0hw2o9hXKVFJC4nZcQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "6/23/2017", "text": "I was born and raised In Missouri but this was my first time actually exploring and eating out in KC, and I must say Bluestream did not disappoint!You can choose between a 3, 5, or 10 course pairing and ambiance of the place is wonderful and would definitely be a great date night or birthday (or any milestone) celebration spot (which is what brought me to the restaurant to celebrate my sister's birthday).  We all went with the 3 course pairing, and our waiter was very knowledge and ready to answer any and all questions we had about a dish or drink. Prior to bringing out our appetizer, our waiter brought out this bite size trio of finger food to taste complementary of the chef, and they also did the same thing for the dessert. I really appreciate the fact that they took the time to do this especially since it was a special day. Ooh and they also put Happy Birthday Nenye on top of the menu which was soo thoughtful, we did not tell them to do this, they went the extra mile and did that on there own!The staff, manager, and everyone were so nice and friendly so 5 stars for service. Now on to the food. When I say I devoured the food..that's how you know it's good. Everything was perfectly seasoned, aesthetically pleasing, and delicious.  For the appetizer I got ricotta cappelletti with the braised rabbit and hands down the best appetizer. I also tried the pea soup and beet salad (which I don't like peas or beets) and both were delicious, so you can't go wrong with any of those options. For the main course I got the black angus ribeye. It was so filling and the yellow sauce on the side complemented it perfectly. It was cooked perfectly to medium and was a nice big piece of ribeye, so I enjoyed it. For dessert I went with the marinated berries with champagne and rose sorbet. It was the perfect dessert to finish the meal. It was refreshing and the touch of champagne made all the difference. I loved it. Overall, a must go to spot, it was such a great experience!"}, {"review_id": "wGGewytqoUV5vzRoqQDOmA", "user_id": "vutxpF8i9cRJHc6ahOdJ5g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/22/2017", "text": "Well, I like to describe places like this as fancy new American. Multiple courses, big plates, smallish portions, and a big open kitchen. However, even though it sounds pretentious, it was an amazing experience. We came here for a co-workers birthday, and the first thing we saw on the printed menu was happy birthday \"name\". They printed custom menus for the birthday guy. Awesome!We choose the 5 course menu, so glad we did that instead of the 10 since the pacing is not quick (but not slow either). Started with amuse bouche of fallafel. Great. Went to pea soup. Delicious. Moved on to ricotta cappelletti. Amazing. Sea Scallops. Divine. Lamb. Heavenly. Dessert... you get the picture. Sommelier was great and accommodating, they have a very decent wine selection. Service was on point, and the breads were delicious."}, {"review_id": "FhMR6orjqeUDqFUvP2VJkA", "user_id": "nFjS9dmLh0aBE4HJNouHmw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/11/2018", "text": "We had never been to Bluestem before & we were wanting to have a unique dining experience for our anniversary. The staff, ambiance and food were exquisite. We started at the bar with a couple of Old Fashioned cocktails. Mine was  classic & my wife had the spiced pear old fashioned. These are made clear and extremely tasty. The bartender was friendly and made for a great conversation before our meal.For our meals, we each chose to the five course meal with wine parings:Course one; winter beet salad & winter parsnip soupCourse two; ricotta cappaelletti with rabbit (2x)Course three; poached scallop & smoked sturgeonCourse four; roasted strip loin (2x) Course five; spice cake & brillat-savarin affine on ciabattaEach dish had it's own character and was prepared as though it was a stand alone plate. The paring were good, but not as good as the food. The chefs took their time in preparation and execution of the meal. We never would have ordered like this if we had been at another restaurant. So glad we made the decision to try Bluestem. Another visit is definitely in store, just might be little while before we can make it back."}, {"review_id": "9r_Krcv8LhHod7E6RztBwQ", "user_id": "skbZO4vHHHA-ejA_BUwKjg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/15/2016", "text": "When discussing the fine dining scene in Kansas City, there is a singularity reverence that cites Bluestem as the epitome and embodiment of such a statement. The dining room is, sadly for the penny-pinching wallet, tasting menu only. However, we found a nice loophole, as bar dining features an a la carte menu. 2 drinks and plenty of small plates later, our small group came out at roughly $50 a head (a clear win over the pricey dining menu) without much suffering in the way of a great Bluestem experience.Our group of 3 arrived around 6 and were seated at the dessert bar, a quirky back-to-the-entrance high top that Will Bill surely would've disapproved of. It turned out to be rather enjoyable seating, as we got to see the pastry line in action and get the occasional wafting of something smelling grand.We ordered cocktails, $12 a pop, and devolved from there. On the dining menu, my only mandate was the shrimp and grits, which were really good, and I simply don't have a better description to satiate and satisfy. That was the last served, but our evening started just as promising with bacon popcorn, healthily doused in all things caloric - bacon, truffle oil, salt, and cheese.Next we moved onto the foie gras torchon. It's been a while since foie and I were acquainted, but we picked up right where we left off - creamy, buttery, and melt in your mouth fine. I've never gotten into beef tartare, but my companions dug it. For all things meat, I stuck to the charcuterie board. I'll also talk fondly of the Spanish style meatballs, smothered in one of my great loves, the sauce tomate.Great food, great ambiance. If you're feeling extra splurgy, the dining room is at your beck and call. The bar was more than plenty, and I offer my tested seal of approval."}, {"review_id": "sANWnHUI0E-5y-f8LP1qNg", "user_id": "ocqZDhw5ecMZQwy5tbftFQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "6/5/2017", "text": "I have to imagine bluestem is my favorite restaurant experience in Kansas City. Why is it that the finest things in life are the most expensive?I won't spend a lot of time here talking about specific dishes; rather, the experience, as a whole. bluestem offers three-, five-, and ten-course offerings for around $75, $85, and $110, respectively. If you add wine pairings with each course, it tacks on $50 to $80, the more courses you order. I do recommend adding the wine pairings if you are even a wine novice (like me). That way, they pair the wine for you and you don't have to sit there on your phone Googling how to pronounce \"Cabernet Sauvignon\" or \"Gewürztraminer\" and then spew word vomit when trying to order it. It really makes me appreciate the craft of wine, as the pairings help the food flavors tremendously.Not that the food needs assistance, because the craft is superb. If you find validation in accolades, chef Colby Garrelts is a James Beard award winner, and the restaurant has been a James Beard finalist for \"Outstanding Restaurant\" the last few years (why didn't chef Megan Garrelts get any credit?). The menu is constantly changing, which is another reason I won't bother explaining the offerings. Among the best dishes I've had included the braised rabbit, the lamb, and the desserts (although I don't care for wine with dessert). The attention to detail is astounding, and a careful balance of textures are evident in every bite. Few restaurants have captured the actual art of taste the way bluestem has, in my experience.This was our choice the evening we got engaged, and I wouldn't have considered anywhere else for such an occasion. My highest recommendation."}, {"review_id": "ditoZNNvdgsiFjov7Q725Q", "user_id": "gKb3vp3RD90gRzPIwDwGmQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/4/2017", "text": "My fiancé and I recently visited bluestem (and yes, it's a lowercase \"b\") again, and we're still as impressed as the first time we dined here. However, this time, we were here celebrating our engagement from earlier in the day. I'm not going to focus much on each particular course we had, since their menu changes fairly often. Instead, I'll just talk about the experience. I'll start with the basics. If you've never been to bluestem, you need to get on it ASAP. Yes, it can be expensive, but if you have the monetary means for it - it's a Kansas City must.You have the choice between 3, 5, or 10 courses. All three options are priced at $75, $85, and $110, respectively. The price has increased from $65 and $75 for the 3- and 5-course options, unfortunately. But I would still say it's worth it. The 3- and 5-course meals have larger portions, but you get to try more with the 10-course. This time around, we went for the 5-course, but we have gone with the 10-course before. After all, it's the best way to try as many different dishes as possible. My fiancé has gotten the wine pairings each time, and he absolutely loves it. The sommelier is very good at what he does, and we both love listening to what he has to say about each wine. I would highly recommend the pairing if you can, though it's an additional $45, $55, and $80, once again for the 3, 5, and 10 courses. So now that we've covered the basics, time to move onto the food. I'm continuously in awe with the chefs, and how it's nearly impossible to get something you don't like on their menu. While I've had moments where I wish I had gotten what my fiancé got, what I ordered was still delicious. This is where the 10 courses come in handy, you never have order remorse. Well, except for dessert of course. You'll want all of them. Nevertheless, if you're a picky eater, you may have a more difficult time finding something you like. bluestem is definitely more for adventurous eaters, as they can occasionally have ingredients that are not for the picky. So keep that in mind to avoid being disappointed. The courses come out in a timely manner, and they usually start you off with a small bite, complimentary from the chef. You also get your choice of bread, usually there are three varieties. If you would like more, you do have to ask for it. Occasionally, they'll ask if you like more. It probably depends on how generous they're feeling. The staff is always super friendly and want to make sure you're taken care of. They do their job, and usually no more and no less. For a restaurant like this, I'm not really here to talk with the staff. This is more of a just eat your food kind of place, but I'm sure if you wanting a more engaging conversation with them, they'll oblige. But I didn't come here for that.At the end of the meal, after dessert, you'll get a chance to get a few more sweets that are also complimentary of the chef. Since we were celebrating an occasion, we received a special separate platter (different from the usual) with two small glasses of champagne and some small sweet bites. While thoughtful, I personally would have preferred the normal spread. It looked more up my alley. Nevertheless, I'm not complaining exactly, I'm just not a huge fan of champagne (and most alcohols).It is a small and intimate setting with a lounge area (where they host happy hour) in one room and a separate dining room. I highly recommend making a reservation because it will be incredibly difficult to just walk in and get a table. I've seen people try, and the wait is usually several hours. Don't do it. Sometimes they have same-day reservations during the week, but I still wouldn't chance it. And they definitely don't have any on the weekend. On certain occasions and days, they will have two seatings, which is also something to consider if you have other plans before or after your reservation. We generally spend about at least 2 hours, depending on how many courses you get. So, don't expect this to be a quick dinner before a show. I would make sure to allot time for all the courses and time to get to where you need to be.The dining room is a tad small and cramped. The tables for two barely have room for multiple plates, and I often find myself with plates hanging off the edge of the table. It would be nice if they redesigned a more open space with more space to walk through, along with bigger tables. Not a deal breaker, just makes the experience slightly less enjoyable.They also serve brunch, though I've never gone. I'm sure it's delicious. Some people may find bluestem overrated, and if they do, they can go somewhere else. I like a place that can consistently surprise me and make it difficult for me to not like something. To each their own.Overall: 5/5Food: 5/5Service: 5/5Atmosphere: 4.5/5"}, {"review_id": "sCxA8P6bzac5jnhQEzGqQw", "user_id": "Q2En4EUJSJi1tHq-TUxvMQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "6/16/2017", "text": "I didn't realize the history of this restaurant before going... they have a long pedigree in KC that is worth mentioning including James Beard awards and others.This was totally memorable.  I had the 10-course fixed price menu with the wine pairing (expensive but worth it).  Lots of delicately plated dishes where the flavors were cleverly combined and matched together.  First time having rabbit, and can't pass up foie gras when I find it.Asked to be seated by the pass and they put me right there.  Executive Chef Andrew Longres was working that evening and assembled many of the dishes they made and put them on my table when server was away since he was close by.  It got busy but the staff was playful the entire evening.Don't hesitate - just go.  I will remember this place for many years."}, {"review_id": "vHLn9AuQxx2tZAUGCEFMjg", "user_id": "BuB0jdWbY4N5STAE1AJS_Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/29/2018", "text": "I recently came in to try the new cocktail menu, and was very impressed! The bartender was friendly and quick, and service was excellent."}, {"review_id": "k5BBvqTHpH5dEM3wU3hHCw", "user_id": "HtTULraJCT5tGFjGOQkUHA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/18/2017", "text": "Bluestem is a fancy restaurant but it's cozy and not stuck up. The lounge is a more inexpensive menu than the restaurant. All of the employees look well put together like professionals, they look clean, the restaurant looks clean... all of the staff were so polite and they didn't seem fake or anything. The food is good. Drinks are good. Spent $150 for two people which includes three or four drinks each. I'm really glad I finally got out to bluestem. Will be back to try out some of their desserts!"}, {"review_id": "Met_BRVmj08IJOIwhairkw", "user_id": "QtyURpoVnEOoRCbqqX1kWQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/8/2018", "text": "Easily one of the best meals of my life. Well-thought out tasting menu, service is superb, and a wonderful variety of cocktails. Well worth the money, well worth visiting! You will not be disappointed."}, {"review_id": "cJUehG-K1Gg4oStPFBXK4w", "user_id": "OO3yQI2RaALapMQb-2DzuQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "7/16/2016", "text": "I had bookmarked Bluestem forever ago, so I was elated when my boyfriend surprised me with a reservation for our final date night in KC before our move to Denver.We snagged our seats at the dessert bar (highly recommend, as it is very cool to watch) and kicked things off with cocktails and the crab pasta small plate. The crab pasta was fantastic and rich - definitely glad we shared! I then had the sautéed sea scallops which were perfection on a plate. Truly an outstanding meal.Our server was awesome and made it an outstanding experience. Between the excellent food, service and ambiance, we couldn't have asked for a better spot to close out our time in Kansas City."}, {"review_id": "_UoQUdil-w-YnTksq7wyxg", "user_id": "1QABw9xW72L-3EkGmIllaQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "6/28/2016", "text": "Starting with a couple happy hour cocktails,,, the Maple Leaf (a refreshing Bourbon) and a Toronto (a not too sweet Whiskey) beverage. I know it's summer but one last dark drink day... It's a Gimmie cause they were nice.Now I am not a pork skin kinda girl, yet I ordered the Smoked Chili Lime Salt Cracklings .., shut your mouth, child!  They kept on crackling and talking to me until the last one... Although there were only six. It's cool..,Calories cometh!!!So... Let me finish with something healthier! The hand pulled Mozzarella with summer squash, marinated tomatoes, olives, ham and basil. Yes i was a little taken aback at the smallish portion, but they did call it a small plate, so,not the issue.I must speak the fact that there was NO summer squash and NO ham!!! Huh??? What?? They had it goin on till the big Drop of disappointment!Overall, I'm only here for two weeks in KS and sister state, MO but I've enjoyed this one as the others! I would come again!"}, {"review_id": "v_CHbaDWqPcTEhV1Dn2GkQ", "user_id": "OxPwTirxr6jsthULWBAuZg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "7/12/2017", "text": "I was in town traveling for work and my coworkers and I decided to venture here for dinner. We were highly impressed by the aura, food, vibe, waitress and chef. We made reservations at 7:00 pm on a summer Wednesday night. When we walked in we were automatically seated in the side dining area. We loved the spacing between the tables and the ambiance in the room. Shortly after we were greeted by the waitress who explained the menu and gave us a chance to look over the menu. My coworkers and I decided to go with the five course menu and we were very pleased. We made sure to get at least one thing from each section so we could all taste the items. I think our favorite entree was the duck and pasta which was seasoned perfectly. However all of the options were great and the presentation was amazing. To end the night we got the zucchini cake it was the perfect ending to a great night. While eating we were able to see right in the kitchen and they are very precise with the food preparation and the presentation was very well thought through. Needless to say, we will be returning next week when we return here for work. Very very pleased!"}, {"review_id": "DSGt0jjOM7YF8tQY_AUiAA", "user_id": "6zpJ8r7dx6x5Tho1xuBDMg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/16/2017", "text": "Pros: amazing food - pork belly, heirloom tomato dish, desserts were so good; great ambiance; you don't have one server but many which is convenient: wine pairing was pretty good; location is convenient Cons: when we first arrived we were sat at pastry bar even though we had resos. Took at least 8 minutes for someone to acknowledge our presence and take a drink order. We were ushered to our table prior to receiving drinks which was a bummer bc it seemed a bit overwhelming since we couldn't enjoy our drinks prior to ordering meal."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/bluestem-kansas-city?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]