[[{"review_id": "zS6P011c9ehrymTN9wTFkQ", "user_id": "3jFGufk_GIfI1A9WW9EYuA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/28/2018", "text": "What a fantastic and unique place! I enjoyed everything about this experience. The reservation process was less painful than I thought it would be- texted them, was told that they were scheduled to be at capacity, but that they encouraged stopping by because they try to accommodate walk-ins. Finding the location was a mini-adventure. It really is in a back alley by a dumpster, and you really do need to be buzzed in. We were seated with no wait and no issues, which was great. You go down a set of stairs (tall people- watch your head!) and end up in this warm, cozy, candle lit room. It's a pretty small space, so their limited reservation ability makes sense. We were seated at the bar, but there were also tables and booths available for larger groups. The bartender showed us how to position our drink menus so we could read them via candle light and recommended drinks. There were plenty of options, with the menu having a permanent side and a seasonal side. I hadn't seen most of these types of drinks before but the ones we choose we delicious, and the bartender clearly had technique! He even made a fresh lemon peel and ground fresh cinnamon in front of us. He went on to be attentive and made more recommendations when we were ready for our second round, which was just as good as the first. Beware that the drinks are stronger than you'd expect from how good they taste!All in all, such a fun time. My friend was visiting from Boston and had never been to anything like it, so it's a good place for locals and visitors alike. I will definitely be returning."}, {"review_id": "k7HURBjTyG4HZ8D8IsNiwg", "user_id": "OmWAEefrFJzpHwtYT-AeLQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/12/2018", "text": "This is quite the experience!  Back alley access down a dark and narrow walkway. Make a wrong turn and I'm not sure where you'll end up. We didn't have reservations but they are highly recommended. Three of us got in at 5:00 with no issue and they said we had 1 1/2 hours of drinking time. Just enough to down a few very good drinks. It's very dark inside and although they offer tiny candles for lighting, some of us middle aged types had to use their phones to read the menu. Their drink choices are many and too notch. I had a Manhattan (or two) and the other had some fruity drinks. See the photos. We ordered a cheese board for $20 that had some blue cheese as one of the selections. Marie said it was good but no blue. Geese is good cheese to me. Go experience it if you can. Drinks are around $12 each and very good. A large jug of water was at the table, but the bartender always kept our glasses full. And he gave us recommendations for dinner."}, {"review_id": "h7LeruXS5IvNzvzL2Tpxcw", "user_id": "TpbLY_Cyn_gCXljSQHpSSA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/13/2018", "text": "My absolute favorite bar in KC. Prohibition era-themed speakeasy with innovative and incredible drinks. You actually ring a buzzer to an unmarked building to be led in to a basement. It is very reminiscent of the Violet Hour in Chicago. You do need reservations, which aren't impossible especially on weekdays. Some of the food was disappointing for me (the shrimp toast especially) but it is seasonal and changes. But the drinks more than make up for it. The Chai me a River is a must-try for people who are in to Chai."}, {"review_id": "INPNfZQsHb9QpRTvEN9rjQ", "user_id": "ZA5DweIl6ZyuA09ShcivwQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/7/2018", "text": "Finest drinks in all the land. Food is 2nd to none!!Definitely recommend reservations."}, {"review_id": "gb9zx5bvNOCbAYdbu9v1Aw", "user_id": "btN6TIRygKp3G5OMiqo9gA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "6/18/2017", "text": "Nobody forgets their first. First Manifesto visit, of course. In Kansas City for work, I Yelped ahead hoping to find something good. Manifesto was mentioned, but it wasn't clear (from the internet) what, exactly, it is. Or what the relationship is to Rieger. Or how to text ahead for rezzies, an essential step in the secret process. Manifesto is connected to the Rieger Hotel restaurant, and it is, indeed, beneath the Rieger. And you can get from one to the other from the inside but you have to get inside first. (See above about texting. Or, see below, about enacting a B&E.)We'd been at Extra Virgin (\"I'm not that kind of olive\") a block up the street and, as we were leaving, the bartender said, \"You should got to Manifesto.\" A Sign from the foodie-drinky gods, for sure. (\"Don't we need reservations?\" I asked. \"Not tonight,\" he assured.)The entrance to Manifesto is around the back of the brick hotel -- almost everything in KC is brick -- amidst the accouterments of industry. There's a locked door and a key pad inscribed \"Manifesto\" with a number. We buzzed. We kicked. We knocked. We banged. We wept. (Not really.) Finally, one of us texted. And then one of us (me) grew despairing, like knock-knock-knocking on heaven's door. Still nothing. (Sometimes the answer to prayer is no?) And then some people -- other customers, I assume -- exited that door. My date grabbed the door and -- manifesto!! -- we were in. (Sometimes prayer isn't involved.) There is a steep set of stairs, a long hallway (Amontillado, anyone?), curtains, and, I swear, a flambeau or two. At the end of it all is a dark cave of a room a lit by tiny battery-powered votives and nothing else unless you count the bartender's brilliant attitude, which, one supposes, is part of the shtick. There were probably six other customers and plenty of open seating (early on a Monday night) and yet the bartender asked in an affected supercilious tone, \"Do you have reservations?\" \"I texted,\" I said. (Note I didn't lie; nor did I answer his question.)He relented. (They always do when there are twenty open seats.) \"Sit here,\" he said pointing to a twosome at the cozy end of the bar, which reminds me, this is an amazing date spot, if you want to impress. (And if you don't want to impress on a date, I give up. Stop reading Yelp now.)The bartender was clever and good. He curated our experience. He walked us through how to read the menu and what we might like based on our general preferences. Drink (in Boston) does this but they don't call it anything but good service. The prices are about the same as Boston, too, which means, for Kansas, prices are high. Two drinks ran about $28 before tax and tip but they were excellent.tl;dr Get thee to Manifesto. Everybody has a story of their first time. This is mine."}, {"review_id": "LtdWc7Q2gnfU-Y35lsY5Lg", "user_id": "WySqqgj2d8mODRP8QTmPJQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/21/2017", "text": "One visit was all it took to get me hooked! Making a reservation was painless. I called and got their voicemail informing me I can text them. Quick response to confirm a Friday night slot. Night before, they texted a polite reminder to arrive on time, because they can only hold for 10 minutes.Despite the alley entrance which was soon forgotten, we were greeted by a friendly hostess. Manifesto is small and quaint. Our server was prompt and among the most knowledgeable of servers at any bar I've been to; considering how highly rated they are, I didn't expect anything less.After a walk-through of the menu, I decided to go for something a little different - a tiki drink named Queen Anne's Revenge. Not my favorite at first, but it grew on me. Definitely a complex drink. I tried the drinks my party ordered and not a one disappointed. Then, we took shots of GTO (and again...and again). So delicious! The noise level was high and joyous for a Friday. I'm partly to blame since alcohol makes me louder (I'm already deaf to begin with so there's that).We were there about 1.5 hours before they told us our table needed to be available for the next reso. For a place like this, I understood. Gotta share the love!"}, {"review_id": "h4OlYaSH8Bing26RDrLyHA", "user_id": "gBxN9Y2_caYz3GW0jwY3-Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/25/2017", "text": "What an amazing experience! After dinner at the Rieger, we headed down to the basement for drinks. Walking down the narrow stairway, you feel like you are transported to the past. I absolutely loved that it was dark and only lit by candlelight. They encourage you not to use your cell phones and to just enjoy the atmosphere. It was a bit difficult to read the menu but the candles should suffice. If you need more light, you can ask the waiter or waitress to help you out.Our waiter was super nice and also hilarious. He joked around with us but also gave us good recommendations about the drinks. His recommendation (for those of us that like sweeter cocktails) was to get the dixie belle. In case you were wondering, it is a mix of whiskey, moscato, peach, creme fraiche, lemon, honey, and cinnamon. I wasn't the biggest fan of this drink. It didn't taste as sweet as I thought. I could taste the whiskey and the notes of peach but everything else seemed to get overpowered. In the end, I switched my drink with my friend's, who got stardust. This drink was more my style. The waiter squeezed what looked like an orange onto the drink and sparked it with a flame. Perhaps this is what gave it the name stardust? This drink was a mixture of vodka, curaçao, lime, grenadine, and chartreuse. The vodka and citrus flavors were strong in this drink but it tasted wonderful. Not to mention that it was beautifully pink in color. I had a great time here and I would recommend to anyone looking for a classy and unique place to have drinks!"}, {"review_id": "8XQszwz0FfENzk8wici6iQ", "user_id": "9qCh7SwiQigM1TUpm9x8iw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/30/2017", "text": "First of all...it's really dark in here! Secondly, the entrance is located in the alley, yes the alley. We saw people wandering around looking for the entrance, it was a sign we were at least in the right area.The bar is in the basement of a restaurant. After you walk downstairs there are a few tables in a really dark atmosphere. The drink menu has plenty of drinks to choose from. You really can't go wrong with what you pick. I got two really strong and well-made tequila based drinks. Sadly I cant remember their names, but boy were they good. I'd recommend this place for any day pre or post dinner."}, {"review_id": "97KseZr4XschZqgE0aGgfg", "user_id": "Ln4cZIpX3-_jd1xyL4NJLA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/12/2017", "text": "One of the coolest places to go to in the city! I've been here twice now and have been impressed with the knowledge and passion the staff has for cocktails! I was recommended the frumpy Congo love and that did not disappoint! It was sweet (which I am a big fan of), and I was able to taste a hint of coconut and lime in it. However, I was still able to taste the rum in the drink! Previously I had gotten the shatto blanc which was a boozy version of the shatto root beer milk. Trust me, it tasted as good as it sounds!  Some of their drinks are also seasonal which is more reason to come back! If you're with another person here, I would definitely recommend getting different drinks so you can pass them around and try more than one drink! The ambience of the place is also great! It's dark and only lit with candles which makes it feel intimate. On top of that the booths are great for bigger parties! It makes you feel more closed off from the rest of the area which made my friends and I feel like we were in a more intimate setting. I definitely would recommend this place to any locals or anyone visiting kc! The history of the place is amazing and the cocktails are stunning! While it is on the more expensive side, the ambience, experience, and cocktails are worth it."}, {"review_id": "IYlT4w2QSNIxMkBOfnX-3Q", "user_id": "ZvTyJmGIN4U37x00U59-AQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "6/16/2017", "text": "Why did I wait so long to visit this place???  I don't understand how someone comes up with so many drinks that are all so Awesome.  I love the fact of how 'secret this speakeasy place is. The only down side to this place is waiting to get taken down to your table. There is really no where to wait other then the hallway by the restroom. Also, The anticipation of going to this place is crazy! LolSo, at first I thought this little place is just all hype. I was not expecting a small area.  So we ordered our first drinks. (I forgot the names for obvious reasons) they were both highly recommended by the bartender. I took a sip of both & was pleasantly surprised. We ordered another round of drinks & a catfish something appetizer. My drink was again awesome & my hubby had the smoke & choke which he loved so much he isn't stopped talking about it.  The appetizers was a good flavor but not much catfish. Oh well the drinks are what they are known for & they have it down to a science. Can wait until we go again! But I will only have 1 drink this time as they sneak up on you."}, {"review_id": "23jUo911gj6SFljTcp45nQ", "user_id": "PcgtOrx8nNChB__ccEPPDw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/16/2017", "text": "This bar is pretty secret.It's extremely dark.  I don't know if I've ever been to a darker bar, and I say that as a compliment!  You may have to grab a candle to assist you in reading the cocktail menu!Cocktails are unique and varied.  The hardest part is choosing just one! (or two or three...)Walking in there, this is the type of place that makes you nervous that the staff will be dripping pretension but I'm happy to report that was NOT the case!  The bartender was really friendly and eager to help guide my cocktail selection.Stopping here is a no-brainer if you're in Kansas City."}, {"review_id": "WXrGPeVXMkHhwdI7kAhGlw", "user_id": "QPjcIpAoZdmYFCk0Jxu69w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/25/2017", "text": "The best speak-easy. Came after after dining at The Rieger. We were lucky that there was a 30 minute opening spot so we were able to sit at the bar without a reservation. The hostess who got us the seats was so nice! We were led downstairs were it was pitch black except for a few candles on each table. Bartender was also very friendly and explained the drink menu since it was our first time. We ended up ordering whiskey shooters and The Girl from Cadiz. It was the perfect ending to our night! Will definitely be back to try more drinks."}, {"review_id": "jS0UOz8x2WZx_qLccxL8mQ", "user_id": "jhQ7e86l4iVnIeftIReIhA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/11/2018", "text": "Absolutely love this bar, very intimate and lovely. It's a hidden gem with unique drinks that's filled with layers of flavors. Cell phones are not allowed so you can enjoy the company you're with and the magnificent drinks. Make sure to get reservation."}, {"review_id": "_MnCzU99ahy4YyUvLLrFKQ", "user_id": "k6JLGBxg7rDrDgLytmqoiw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/28/2017", "text": "Huge fan of this place! Been here a few times now and can't speak highly enough about the drinks. Had the Comfortably Numb this last time and it was amazing. The ambience and environment are very cool and the staff do an incredible job. Would highly recommend to anyone in Kansas City that is looking for a different yet very cool experience."}, {"review_id": "H7M350OSPjUZR5L5S7dqJQ", "user_id": "dYjq7knhdELnYlT-2RouOA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/23/2017", "text": "I made reservations with this place for a group of my friends on a Saturday night. The number in our party changed two times and I'm grateful that they rolled with it. We were seated in a circular corner booth. It was really cozy! I was also surprised how warm it was downstairs, so I would recommend dressing light or in layers if you think you'll be there for a while. The other reviews are not exaggerating--it is very dark in here. I could only read the menu with the aid of the candle on the table. Our table ordered 6 different cocktails, but I can only speak for two of them. I had the devil's advocate. It was a good drink, but it felt familiar in the sense that I could have gotten a similar drink somewhere else. My friend's drink was much better. She ordered the beautiful red bell, and wow, it was amazing. I've never had anything like it. I would have given the venue 4 stars, except the bartender was a little cheeky and service was a little slow. I asked some questions to try to figure out what to order and feel like there was some unnecessary pretentiousness. Don't treat the guests like they're idiots for not knowing what you know. You're the bartender and I'm not, hence why I'm asking for your help. It was also pushing the limits of inattentive service. We never waited so long that it was ridiculous, but we waited quite a bit."}, {"review_id": "CwHvLO2f0keBX6lJjtxWqA", "user_id": "FjyEq8us0yCiRQ3dkwWopg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/26/2017", "text": "A speakeasy that stays as true to its name as modern times will let it! However, I can't stress enough to MAKE A RESERVATION, or else you're going to be disappointed that it's at full capacity (the place sits less than 50 people). For newbies that like sweet drinks, I recommend the Shatto Blanc; for the adventurous ones, pick your poison, but look at the seasonal selections first. Also, if you get a chance, sit at the bar and witness first hand the creation of the cocktails (and chat it up with the friendly, knowledgeable bartenders). Cheers!"}, {"review_id": "dbc3Qo6LBJ7-Gnl4pd22PA", "user_id": "hiDKeZQ5ZvvM5kVrwg99CQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/1/2018", "text": "This would be five stars if it wasn't for the one waiter who is rude, surly and abrupt. Why is it that upstairs all of the staff are so welcoming and friendly and downstairs they are so rude. Now for the drinks, they are all really well done and it's a beautiful spot. But please find better staff."}, {"review_id": "mB2rrqPbPBwOZwFhrARh5w", "user_id": "eDFrmALBc-HcJi3xXIV6RQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/6/2017", "text": "Dark. Brooding. Secret. Interesting. People watching in the dark. Try it once if you're curious. Get your name on the list by texting your number."}, {"review_id": "8c7pVudyJj0Du-sJkW8FnQ", "user_id": "CC5yneC60bTijlL74kyTPQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/16/2017", "text": "This is a wonderful speak-easy recalling the prohibition era. You enter via the rear through a nondescript iron bar gate. Just before you feel that you are about to enter into the dish-washing station of the restaurant portion of the Rieger hotel, you hang a right through a narrow hall and are greeted by the hostess. She then leads you down a rough concrete staircase through another narrow hall into the basement. As your eyes adjust to the low light you discover a low ceiling room that feels at first a bit bunker-ish. You soon discover plush seating a dark wood bar small intimate two and four top tables and booths. The bartenders themselves are true mixologists, but don't rub your face in it. The house drinks are innovative but have ingredients that hearken to old favorites. The menu design which tells you which are stirred, swizzle and shaken drinks discretely on the side of the drink descriptions is genius. Most of the drinks avail themselves of the local distilleries. The prices are reasonable given the quality."}, {"review_id": "Bv4BSbHXNOc3oiRzJJn7mw", "user_id": "zj_EvZdK4yB7nbm7FL3H7w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/6/2018", "text": "Such a great ambiance. Unlike any other place in town. Just be sure to get reservations ahead of time. Reservations are in 2 hour increments due to limited seating. Worth it! I've been twice and it's not my last."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/manifesto-kansas-city?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]