[[{"review_id": "rYyHotgLXY-6iKnQLd1qYA", "user_id": "l4n41Xxvk9sGjpR4vYx2Pg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "Our food adventures in KC continued this morning with beignets (with lemon curd and raspberry fillings on the side) at Beignet. Of course we couldn't stop there and split a po' boy stuffed with shrimp etouffe, catfish and fried shrimp. It was the bomb and came with sides of yummy Cajun spice dusted home made chips and a wonderful black eye pea and corn salad. So good! Since life is short, we also ordered the chicken and pork boudin combo, croquettes for the uninitiated.It was the breakfast of champions. We will be back."}, {"review_id": "rWjFvKmp7r0qunLU8LbYSQ", "user_id": "1IKouI6UocBsyBM9nhn18w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/5/2018", "text": "My first Beignet experience. After watching Chef, I had to try one. My buddy just got back from New Orleans, and after listening to him go on and on about how amazing they were, we decided to try Beignet.  Being an avid donut fan, and an avid breakfast pastry fan, I can't believe I've gone 32 years without trying a world renown breakfast pastry.  This place is a small shop with two tables indoors and a couple outdoor tables. It opens up to the City Market.  My buddy got the three beignets flash fried. I ordered the two beignets with filling. I asked the lady at the counter what her recommendation was and she said lemon berry. I'm not a big fan of berry, so I asked what else. I was thinking apple cinnamon and she advised the apple bacon Brie. So I got the apple bacon Brie.  It took a while to come out, but we weren't in any rush. We enjoyed our coffee and sat down and watched all the people at the City Market. Our orders came up and I was ready to dine. The first couple bites of the apple bacon Brie were good, but it was far too rich for my taste buds. The sweet but salty cheese and bacon and apple was too much for me. Bad choice. I should have just gotten the flash fried 3 beignets like my friend. Those were great.  If I were to do it over again, I'd get a Nutella or a chocolate filling to smear on it and stay away from the protein.  It was my own fault. I asked them what was popular and should have trusted my own instincts.  Overall, a couple expensive donuts, but I'm glad I tried it. I most likely won't be back. Unless its to try the chicory coffee. But I'd rather visit New Orleans."}, {"review_id": "CB22qc1tAMlB5ayPi-wUbQ", "user_id": "fuslIq-ZJCd-qornjEokUg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/24/2018", "text": "Every visit to Kansas City, MO, I find myself drawn to Beignet. Located in the historic City Market, Beignet is a popular destination for those checking out the farmers market. On nicer days, especially on the weekend, you can expect a line out the door.The menu is filled with Louisiana classics. You can get a savory or sweet Beignet or go with the traditional Beignet coated in powdered sugar. They also offer someheartier meals, my personal favorite being shrimp and cheese grits. In all honesty it's the grits that draw me back.The food is made fresh and you can tell simply from the taste. They offer counter service and seating is pretty limited but don't let that stop you. You'll be happy you made the choice to visit Beignet."}, {"review_id": "zrMO5mqR5Bi0vZpJVdTCWA", "user_id": "EaRd_4nFnPs8Fei-H2ZmVA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/20/2018", "text": "What to get: beignets with Bavarian creamService: 4/5Atmosphere: quick bite, to goWait: 0 mins (Thursday 4PM for 1)Parking: Street parking, parking lot for City MarketThe Experience:I didn't realize this was a shop in the City Market, which seems like a kicking place for a farmers market (not in winter though). Not a lot of people in the place at 4PM, but there are some other spots open and it's mainly all food.You order up at the counter and an order of beignets gets you 2. The Bavarian cream reminds me of a smooth tapioca pudding...maybe just a better vanilla pudding. I thought they actually put it in the beignet for you, but it comes in a cup with a spoon next to your beignets.How do these compare to the Cafe Du Monde beignets? I'd dare to say these are slightly better from the puffiness, yet light crispness of the dough, right after it comes out. Don't be a fool and learn to not inhale while eating these because all that powdered sugar is going to fly into your respiratory system...and you'll end up coughing like a noob (I did by accident).The place isn't big and there are 2 communal tables to eat at, but my guess is that everyone gets food to go. The decor is New Orleans themed, it's trips to look around. Oh, also be sure to get some water to wash down the powdered sugar dust...and a bunch of napkins. It gets everywhere if you're not careful.One of my better finds on my trip. Yay!"}, {"review_id": "ebCjJ03n4ZFkm1sL9B9YRQ", "user_id": "r5b2VV4jJRw-tI6ulglxOw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/20/2018", "text": "The only restaurant in town that serves the most authentic Cajun food and beignets in the city!  Their menu consists of any Southern comfort food you can think of including grits and gumbo and even po'boys!!The beignet menu is also very expansive, ranging from sweet to savory beignets.  Some of my favorites include nutella for the sweet flavors and brie and goat cheese for the savor! The beugnets are essentially fried, golden, light puffy pastries dusted in powdered sugar.  The beignets used to be filled (ie if you got nutella, it'd be filled with nutella) but ever since a worker got injured from oil there, they unfortunately switched over to the fillings being on the side now.  It's definitely not the same and I really loved the idea of filled beignets, but safety first. And they still taste awesome. Final recommendation is to get the swamp juice, which is a combination of watermelon, grape, and some other mixtures of fruit juice into a sweet, southern style cocktail juice!!"}, {"review_id": "ow3ZiVfnNhb_ZKw7U78Iiw", "user_id": "8txgfeWm_j2kSP5-VwIVUw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "I've been to Beignet before for beignets, but today was my first time ordering a meal. The woman at the counter was very kind and helpful - I didn't catch her name, but shout-out to her for making awesome suggestions and generally providing friendly service. I had red beans and rice and shrimp scampi and grits, and my bf has jambalaya with andouille and jalapeño cornbread. It was all incredibly tasty and comforting for a rainy April day. The shrimp and grits were a standout for me, perfectly cheesy and flavorful. I will be back!"}, {"review_id": "KFDW2usJWHZWnfvJa7YI_Q", "user_id": "tO_Sj3tXZIbRKUUynE-THw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/22/2018", "text": "SOOOOOO--I've stumbled upon another hidden gem in KC. Who knew there were fresh, made to order Cafe Du Monde-ish (or better) beignets being served in the River Market? Jesus take my waistline.... these pockets of goodness were hot, properly doused in powdered sugar and resting on more. DO NOT WEAR BLACK here...lesson learned.  I really wanted to order a savory stuffed beignet, a po'boy or at least some gumbo, but I wasn't hungry for lunch yet; hence I just hit the sweet spot beignets--but I will be back--trust."}, {"review_id": "KkSL2ogilg-fm9tm6125gg", "user_id": "av74ROyDXweJER-eiFVUQg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/26/2018", "text": "I was craving a little something different and a Po boy sounded good. This seafood Po Boy is SO GOOD! I highly recommend it. I only gave 4 stars because I was a little disappointed in the crepes. I got a fruit, lemon curd that was alright & the Brie, fruit that I didn't like. But that was probably personal preference"}, {"review_id": "5RXOjx72GbT5ygYpZUSAHA", "user_id": "mkwJtFIABb4B7-9X3oPpUQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/3/2018", "text": "Saw a ton of great reviews about this place and it was packed when I walked by it the week before so I figured I'd check it out. Went around 2:00 so the lunch rush had died down, but there was still a steady stream of people the entire time I was there. I got the Catch Po'boy. The inside was delicious, but the bread could've been better. Overall, it was tasty but nowhere near being the best po'boy I've had. The only real complaint I have is their menu is posted high up and has tiny font. There are quite a few options so it was difficult trying to read and decide. I wouldn't want to go their for the first time when it's super busy. I'll most likely go back and try their mac'n'cheese as well as their beignets. Those seem like the more popular orders."}, {"review_id": "Ym1Ls5Wspp3js4ahvOTApg", "user_id": "9txO4_yIT_Q_m3yPy4fH1w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/6/2017", "text": "Nothing not to love about Beignets! I came here with my former boss, the one and only Community Manager Adam (Adam if you see this shoot me a compliment why don't ya). Though it was some time ago, I believe we ordered a crab beignet and a chocolate banana beignet. You really can't go wrong with those options fried in dough. They were delicious and very indulgent. The inside is Mardi Gras/NOLA themed and is right down alongside the other little eateries and shops in the River Market. I have no doubt that Beignet is a huge hit among all of the daily visitors of this great KC area! There is little seating which is to be expected but with how busy I'm sure it gets, more options would be great! Go to beignet!"}, {"review_id": "GUROpWoPCWlsOpqu72eDBA", "user_id": "kt-lwF-RprNlVhCjQ9qFMA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "Best beignets outside of New Orleans! I got mine with bre and gig but ended up not touching the side  of it because the beignet was SO GOOD. The store itself was so charming and I enjoyed the hint of southern hospitality in the Midwest where everything seems only mediocre. I will have to go back and try a po-boy someday!!!"}, {"review_id": "jfkj2UZUR0rYNcj9qHBeVw", "user_id": "3UIa8YVjETNwJwnOl4SEdg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "8/29/2017", "text": "Beignet is located at City Market, in a corner, next door to a coffee place. My husband, our little girl dog (there is some tables and chairs outside) and I decided to come by here last Tuesday morning around 10:30 am. We decided to get an order of the traditional beignets because I wasn't interested in trying any of the filled beignets (I have had them at another bakery in Los Angeles and did not like them and prefer them not to be filled). Anyways, we ended up getting a Baker's Dozen Order Of Beignets, $12 prior to tax. After my husband made the order, he was given a pager so that he can be notified when our order is ready to be picked up. We ended up waiting about 20 minutes for them, which came in a small cardboard box (like a pizza box). Opening up that box made everyone at the table excited (including our little girl), but biting into one was pretty disappointing. The first bite was rather doughy. In fact, all of the 13 pieces (yes a baker's dozen comes in 13, not 12) were doughy. I don't know if we got a bad batch or if they always taste like this, but this was pretty disappointing. Typically doughy baked items is due to being under baked. Although I am curious about the savory beignets (I had a great savory beignet in NOLA at New Orleans Famous Beignets And Coffee... but they are closed now), I think I would be hesitate to try any of their other beignets if I was ever to come back to Missouri again."}, {"review_id": "0JNeqvqaCyI0US_aRW2pPg", "user_id": "-VlqAFds58L-Z7Gj39eSRw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/28/2017", "text": "I LOVED this place!  I am so impressed with the savory Mr. Bacon beignet and boudin balls (pork), and I'm a sweets lover. We also got the praline cheesecake beignet. It was pretty good but the savory ones out shined the sweet one by far. This place is worth a line of people. It's worth whatever you need to do to get an order of anything. I highly recommend this rare gem of a wonderful place for breakfast, brunch, lunch. It's amazing."}, {"review_id": "ZQoYSrHzRzYsF10PyFIxaw", "user_id": "h6KGBTppenV5Mwgc5AUhdg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/28/2018", "text": "Like all of City Market on the weekends, Beignet is packed in the mornings with pastry seekers. What those patrons rarely realize is that beignet is a restaurant in its own right, not just a novelty baked goods stall. I would suggest checking them out during lunch or dinner. I was so impressed to see their menu expansion when I was in KC recently. I ate the Andouille sausage and the jambalaya. It was insanely delicious!Unfortunately, there aren't a whole lot of vegetarian options. I suppose that is to be expected with creole cuisine, but adding some more vegetarian options may be worth them looking into, in order to expand their customer base. Of course, that would take a bit of creativity, as creole food has historically relied heavily on meat and meat flavors."}, {"review_id": "F-7sc-rGbjXd58OzxiVZyg", "user_id": "irfzBkHbLC7crgPjeMBqsA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/20/2017", "text": "W O W!!So let's start with location. Beignet is located in this really cool market square that has plenty of food options including Asian, Middle Eastern and Louisiana = )The seating is mainly outside. They have benches and tables outside. There is a little bit of seating inside but outside will be more comfortable. We ordered a bunch of beignet's and they were all AMAZING!We had savory and sweet. The savory one's were Cajun, Mr. Bacon, and Crusty Crab. The sweet one's were Brie w/ Apples and bacon, Chocolate + banana and chocolate + cheesecake. You can't go wrong with any of these. They were all phenomenal."}, {"review_id": "AomjMuq1Sri19bH0PjB-ZA", "user_id": "gBxN9Y2_caYz3GW0jwY3-Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/30/2017", "text": "Beignet is one of the busiest places in City Market and it's easy to see why! Whether you are coming for a hearty cajun meal or a beignet/ crepe to satisfy your sweet tooth, you are sure to leave happy.I have been here twice and have ordered beignets both times. When I came here over a year ago, I got an apple cinnamon stuffed beignet and it tasted just like an apple pie. Just the right amount of filling to dough ratio. When I came this second time, I decided to treat myself to a Nutella and peanut butter beignet. I am not sure when it changed, but the beignets are no longer filled anymore. Instead, you get two plain beignets coated in loads of powdered sugar and a cup of whatever filling you want on the side. While the beignets still taste great, they certainly were not as good as I remember. It is definitely not as easy to eat a beignet with the filling on the side. Also, the beignets I got were very thin and had almost not substance to them. Maybe it was just the batch that I received but it was slightly disappointing. If anyone is a chocolate and peanut butter lover like me, I would definitely recommend getting the Nutella and peanut butter filling because it is an amazing combination. But, if that is not to your liking, you can choose whatever filling or combination of fillings that you want. Just be prepared to have leftovers or leave full because these beignets are deceiving and a lot more filling than they look!"}, {"review_id": "HuVQEUqqlz2w-fliIJQvYw", "user_id": "-TfwqMeiMPnfPEAUGlcLjg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/5/2018", "text": "Nice portions, got some huge chicken sandwich thing. I've had the beignets before but it's been a while. Lol. Nice place, feels like New Orleans for sure. Although tbh, I've never actually been there so I'm not 100% sure but anyways, I'd love to come back and try the other food! Seems pretty unhealthy though ."}, {"review_id": "HS7XhlB76JHRqXHuLx04KQ", "user_id": "AlSBCu8h2m_8hbk_XZ6EUA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "7/28/2017", "text": "You had me at grits & mac n' cheese. Seriously. To. Die. For. !!! Add shrimp scampi to your cheesy grits & andouille sausage to your mac, then you're set for lunch bliss! My friend and I shared everything and we STILL had leftovers. The beignets were only okay....a little hard, but the dipping sauces were yum. We actually thought we chose the ones with fillings, but lesson learned, for next time. It was too busy & crowded to get things explained properly. I  also recommend trying out their many teas & juice options, which paired well, with our meals. If I wasn't so full, I'd definitely go back again later today. ;)"}, {"review_id": "weC8zZ1UCzvM6B9UGjWxDg", "user_id": "zQTEbn5nWGPypxOf2uRPmg", "rating": 2.0, "date": "11/13/2017", "text": "Talk about a disappointment. Huge line, staff wasn't particularly friendly, high prices, the \"fillings\" weren't on the inside of the beignets (that's right, the \"fillings\" are served on the side) and their coffee station didn't have real half and half (just those individual little creamers)."}, {"review_id": "_Wc5T5SSZ7zr-h5Nt15lDQ", "user_id": "mvv2Bq_BWkwh4NKa7tYENw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/14/2017", "text": "Beignets - My Favorite Plus One and I were on vacation in Kansas City, boldly going where no tourist has gone before. We both love Cajun food. Actually, we both just love food. Having been in Kansas City for six days we'd stuffed ourselves with BBQ and Mexican and decided we needed a change. Getting back to our love of Cajun food I whipped out my phone and opened the handy-dandy Yelp app to find a couple of options. This is how we found Beignet's. Located in small complex called City Market it had a lot of international neighbors including a Jewish, Chinese, and Middle Eastern. There was also a spice place and a small open market that had a pretty nice variety of fresh fruits and vegetables. We got there around lunchtime, a little bit early but our stomach clocks were off anyway so it didn't matter to us. The complex was power-washing the windows along the front of all the stalls so there was no outdoor seating (as we were told there usually is) and two tables inside that could fit six people each. Even given our off-peak time there was a steady flow of people in and out of the restaurant. A lot of it was take out and fortunately, the people who dined in were mostly considerate and shared the available seating at the two tables. FPO ordered a Crawfish Scampi Po-Boy with sweet potato fries and Chicken/Pork Boudin (golf ball sized balls of ground meat); I had the Jambalaya. The food was fantastic. This was one of the 30 something degree days and the Jambalaya hit the spot. It was flavorful and hot - temperature hot, the seasoning had a little kick but not so hot as to make it hard to eat. The Boudin didn't survive long enough to become leftovers although, we did have some because we needed to save room for dessert. We got a Traditional Beignet (3 pieces). This is made to order and came fresh out of the fryer. It was good. I've never had beignets before so I have nothing to compare it to except Portuguese malasadas, which I prefer. I guess I'm just used to the light airiness of malasadas so the beignet was too heavy and floury for me. My malasada preference aside everything we had was worth ordering again (next time I'd try one of the filled beignets). In fact, we were trying to figure out a time before we left town that we COULD go back. Alas! We'll just have to make sure we drop in the next time we're exploring the final tourist frontier."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/beignet-kansas-city?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]