[[{"review_id": "Q2MwwopR0lp4JRLM5s0uxw", "user_id": "Xjc19zKEy6lQ5vZwFOCG1w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/3/2018", "text": "The food was simply amazing. The food was REAL Peruvian food.. which is hard to find. Not only in St. Louis, but in the U.S. The Ceviche fue mi preferido. Y el Lomo Saltado es muy Rico! Make sure to get the Pisco Sour as a good pairing. Chau"}, {"review_id": "0x9z1iFDgsK7pSarPCvFxQ", "user_id": "WvntDWMQnaEV8agu3gcTug", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "Really 3.5 stars but rounding down for the service. I was in town for business and read good things about Mango on yelp. Upon arrival, we were greeted by a friendly hostess who seated us to a nice table by the window. The place was mildly crowded for a Sunday night and had a nice ambiance. Our waitress greeted us and asked what we wanted to drink. Neither of the us were in the mood for alcohol which seem to put her off quite a bit - not sure why but her demeanor definitely changed at that point. We ordered an appetizer (the garlic shrimp) and two entrees. The shrimp came out pretty quickly and was very tasty. We enjoyed it but thought it would've been nice if it came with some bread to soak up all the leftover oil and garlic.  After that, we waited... and waited... and waited some more. Finally our entrees came out and no comment was made at all about the tardiness, which I found a wee bit odd. Evenso, we really enjoyed both entrees - I got the lomo saltado which had a great flavor and the meat was cooked very well. My friend got the beef stew which had amazing flavor as well. One thing that we also found a little annoying was that both of us left our forks and knives on the dishes with the appetizer and no notice was taken to bring us additional utensils once the appetizer dishes were cleared. We sat there for awhile with our entrees in front of us and getting cold, waiting for our waitress to appear so we could ask her for utensil - which took awhile. All in all the food was very good but the service was severely lacking. Perhaps it was an off night but we almost felt like she just really didn't want to be there and/or felt we weren't worthy of her full attention after we didn't order alcoholic drinks. Would I return? Perhaps but I'd try sitting at the bar as maybe I'd get better service or just get it 'to go'."}, {"review_id": "HLcinJoA18DUomNgCdSWzw", "user_id": "KSzCbetVZqCHTJF19P-tGw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/4/2018", "text": "I walked into this place and immediately decided that I liked it. The vibe is casual but also feels rich. There's soft music playing in the background and the ambience makes you want to just sit back and spend time there. If I have a complaint it's that the booth seats sink in a little too low for my liking.The plantain chips and salsa verde come around as free appetizers as you decide what to order. I wanted to just eat only those my entire meal. We asked for two or three refills. Thinking about it is making me hungry.I had the salmon dish that I can't remember the name of (in the picture). It was quite unlike anything I've had before but pretty good.We also ordered a pitcher of sangria - god I recommend this entirely. It was absolutely delicious.Definitely enjoyed dining here and is on my list of places to revisit if I'm ever in St. Louis again."}, {"review_id": "EEX7mhI_qsYtXL_REo7X7Q", "user_id": "uagTeooXJyOgOQ8d6TcUNw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/3/2018", "text": "I ate here twice. The first time it was very good, the food is extremely flavorful. The second time however I got sick. I believe the chef under cooked my salmon, therefore I experienced slight food poisoning. I would definitely recommend it though because the food is good. Just make sure it's prepared how you like it. Lastly the decor and staff were very nice, which to me is equally important."}, {"review_id": "gkP2lFrm2UPeH3sXPJSkoA", "user_id": "1t0d_eRE1yEZ-ycGjHEfwg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/25/2018", "text": "I came here after my interview at St. Louis. I had some alcohol and some snacks but I was still unbearably hungry. I wanted to try this out because yelp so highly recommended this place. Unfortunately, I was really disappointed with my main meal.The atmosphere was great and the servers were really nice. I had a great conversation with the waiter and really looked forward to the food. The plantain chips and dipping sauce that came with it was amazing. But when it came to the Lomo dish with beef. I was a bit disappointed. The meat was tender. So very very tender and I have to give them that. The french fries were crisp. And the vegetables with it were great. Now I understand at these type of high class restaurants, they don't give too much food. But, the flavor did not make up the high price of the restaurant. A bit disappointed but I would try to come for their other dishes next time."}, {"review_id": "VoaMa_NGhneWbLcPWEBMwA", "user_id": "ZbesECe8UfqEZTzDHWDTEQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/27/2018", "text": "I like Mango. The restaurant starts you off with a free fried plantain appetizer, which I thought was a great touch. I went for lunch and ordered the Lomo Saltado and was pleased with my order. (I did think the $2 up charge for adding an egg to your dish was a little aggressive.)Beware, their lunch menu is significantly different for their dinner menu, so I would look ahead of time to make sure they actually serve what you're hoping to get."}, {"review_id": "1gfcDZRF4AJVCIjhJECmPA", "user_id": "ZFwf6auDBpEZny4UyW7pAQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "We were served with delicious fried banana chips and green salsa while we were waiting for our order. I ordered Langostinos al Ajo - pan seared shrimps with olive oil and shaved garlic and it's delicious and cooked just right. I also ordered bread and butter and did not use the butter but dipped my bread on the olive oil from Langostinos. It was good pairing I believed. My friend ordered Lomo Salgado - stir fried beef tenderloin with onions, tomatoes, garlic and some spices and served with fries and riceI. I tasted it and it's good and the beef is cooked just right and it's tender. However, if you are a small eater just like my friend who paid $26 + tax and tip, do not order this. It's a big portion and left half of it but if you want to just explore Peruvian dish - order this."}, {"review_id": "FBrEx_3EfFw3RRANRwNaug", "user_id": "kV3VREP4Kf25AgV04-oMEg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/3/2018", "text": "Food-5Ambiance-5Service-5Value-5A perfect evening at Mango in every aspect. Starting with beautiful interiors with large windows and a huge bar, The complimentary fresh warm plantain chips with this amazing green sauce, yummy drinks and flavorful food. Top it with excellent service and you have a winner!The Plantain chips are so yum that you will ask for second and thirds. We got the five spice chicken wings to start, followed by the shrimp appetizer- Lagoustine al ajo. DH got the steak stir fry-Lomo Saltado.. We finished with the sponge cake dessert- Pionino, which is a mouthful of sweetness.The whole meal was complete perfection.The cocktails are top notch as well- loved the mango sour...Mango is perfect for a date night or a casual evening with friends."}, {"review_id": "qQqzP65XrqmeHfPPJkO0Yw", "user_id": "XOk0Wx1X2qzK5GQq05Aaww", "rating": 3.0, "date": "10/21/2017", "text": "The food is pretty awesome here! In addition, our server was super friendly and knew her stuff. She was great at recommending food and adult beverages. The one big area of opportunity was how long we had to wait for drinks to be refilled and for our food. We hate 4 people in our party and it took over 2 hours to complete our meal and we did not have dessert. For food we shared the chicken wings and shrimp starters. The chicken wings had a delicious dry rub that had all of us craving for more. Also, the shrimp tasted fresh and were delicious. As an individual meal, I ordered the exotic salad and added shrimp which was super yummy. If I am ever back in St. Louis I will give this another try."}, {"review_id": "WB6LYH7Wxra1zOH58YoFUg", "user_id": "JRsGihBLWYVeeWRLP3in9A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/4/2018", "text": "Came for dinner with my husband. Service was great. Ambience was nice. Dressier than I expected. We shared a few small plates for dinner. The empanada, beef skewer, and fried calamari, and had the flan for dessert. Everything was amazing. Right when we sat down they gave us plantain chips with this awesome cilantro lime sauce. They even gave us a refill of it, it was so good. The sangria is also really good. I was unsure about the cinnamon in it, but it worked very well. I would definitely recommend for dinner. I will be back! My mom is from Colombia so I will be bringing her here when she visits."}, {"review_id": "nGv_spDnHlwKUpVsxIv74Q", "user_id": "C1krPsF67bEqRKjy0LRzag", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/17/2018", "text": "Really good apps here, never tried the entrees, we liked sharing the beet salad, ceviche, and skewers.  Plenty of food for two and reasonably priced.  Some good local craft beer options in the bar area, place was fairly crowded on a Saturday night, service was friendly, fun area on Washington Street"}, {"review_id": "WmhsKiXOXNPpthGqruSfMg", "user_id": "PBAv29X_DxfaHXUMidwsnw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/11/2018", "text": "I went for dinner here tonight as it was close to my hotel. I sat at the bar and the bartenders service was really good. They bring everyone out plaintain chips with a green dip to start which were really good. I think had the shrimp roasted garlic oil and onion appetizer with a couple pieces of bread to dip in the oil. This was an awesome appetizer, definitely get the bread with it.  I then got the beef tenderloin with tomato's, rice beef sauce, and frites. The beef was cooked well and the sauce was good. The frites were Kind if weird in the dish. It was good not great and I felt like it was a little overpriced at $26. The service of getting food to the table was a little long. The meal took almost an hour and half and I  really wanted to just eat and go back to the hotel. Overall, the food was good and I liked the atmosphere but I would choice a different entree next time"}, {"review_id": "R5lzszwakW1j0if4fPXypg", "user_id": "xleb2I3h5-8NAicsSW_dEw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "8/7/2017", "text": "I think this is the first and the only time I've had Peruvian food. Here are a few suggestions for food and drinks:1) Lomo Saltado: this seemingly soy-sauced based beef dish is absolutely delicious and packed with flavor. There's a generous portion of beef in there, and the beef is very tender.2) Pisco Sour: a classic Peruvian drink that you must try. It's made with egg white, and initially it may sound a bit off, but the drink blends the sour, the sweet, and the velvety flavor from the ingredients.3) The lamb (I forget the name): my friend had this. He literally cleaned the plate, with no meat on the bone left.4) Chicha Morada: Not on the regular menu, but this purple corn-based drink is quite sweet, but it doesn't overpower. It's refreshing and delicious, so it goes well either before or after the meal."}, {"review_id": "-joClQ8Q3lhlSfGmkbeYMw", "user_id": "970YlfubcATt-Bl8LGocFw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/5/2017", "text": "I visited this restaurant with a bunch of colleagues while in town on business. It is located downtown and is convenient to our hotel. The restaurant itself is beautifully decorated and is large enough to be roomy but small enough to be cozy. The bartender that waited on us while we waited for our reservation time was super friendly. I had a Schlafly Pale Ale which is local to St. Louis...it was tasty! When our table was ready, we moved to it and our server introduced herself right away. She was also very friendly and patient (we had a lot of questions about the menu and there were quite of few of us in our party). We had the Jalea Mixta (a mix of fried calamari, bay scallops, shrimp, and fish as well as fried yuca) as an appetizer for the table.  That was so good! For dinner, I ordered the Saltado Langostinos which was a shrimp dish in a white wine olive oil sauce with a side of white rice and steak fries (I subbed yuca frita for the steak fries).  The food was good although there was cilantro all over it. I'm not a fan of cilantro, and I should have asked to have it omitted from my dish.I would recommend this as a place to eat in St. Louis. The ambiance is nice, the staff are friendly, and the food is good. It is a bit pricey, so check the menu out before going."}, {"review_id": "EaCGzmOYTf_y64M47weloQ", "user_id": "sZttQaycfMgWD_mWV7i46A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "This was my first time trying Mango out. I was in town for the weekend with my husband and we wanted to try out a unique restaurant. My husband and I were thoroughly impressed. From the plantain chips (they bring those to your table right away), to the pork belly. The food was fabulous!!! I'm not a vegetarian but I tried a mushroom dish that was out of this world!!! Our waiter Knighton made every aspect of our experience unique and memorable. He took time explaining the menu (our first time trying Peruvian foods). Knighton made great recommendations! I will be back on my next visit to St Louis!!"}, {"review_id": "lUcRrR-VeWegCmInGfwAVQ", "user_id": "ig5kHRKhj0kF93yQtptmtw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "What a Gem!  This restaurant has a really nice atmosphere, we were seated in a booth and it was quiet enough to have very easy conversations with the our dining companions.  As mentioned by others the plantain chips and salsa were wonderful.  We also enjoyed the Pisco Sour a wonderful Peruvian drink.  Out table shared two appetizers; the shrimp dish and the Solterito.  They were delicious, I would consider ordering both of those as a future meal.  I was torn between ordering the Spinach Spaghetti with Shrimp or the Mushroom dish.  I settled on the Mushroom dish with Shrimp added (not an option on the menu, but something our Server suggested).  My dish was delicious and with a touch more salt it was outstanding.  Everyone enjoyed their meal and there were no leftovers.  My wife and I shared the Flan for dessert and it was excellent!  Service was great throughout, we will definitely return."}, {"review_id": "E15R1KN1xyop4jxxIiipGQ", "user_id": "zQkrrrGsgFnO5dYbEUDdoQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/3/2018", "text": "This was a great find!One of our Lyft drivers mentioned that this was one of her favorite spots to eat at in St. Louis, so I made a point of visiting this restaurant. The interior is charming and upscale, and the front desk person was friendly as they seated us.Once inside, we ordered the Causa de Salmon (see picture) as an appetizer. It was the right size for 3 people and tasty as well - definitely a unique taste.For dinner, I had the Pescado a lo Macho. For dessert, my coworker got some kind of vanilla/cinnamon spongecake (I don't remember the exact name offhand). The food overall was good, but nothing special. Great presentation.The service was a bit slow as the night got busy, but a place this busy on Tuesday night must be pretty good right?4 stars overall"}, {"review_id": "LXe1r6A784eLYsU2jZwpXg", "user_id": "FJOjPaiYTePWL5nfbp8ulA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "My son and I visited Mango this weekend while on a college tour trip. We needed someplace that could accommodate his food allergies (soy, wheat, egg, dairy), and this place was spot on. The food was amazing. The server was knowledgeable about the ingredients in each dish, and served us up a phenomenal meal. The beef heart on the skewers was a favorite and don't look past the fried plantains with the pesto. Super crunchy and delicious. A definite do over."}, {"review_id": "Ard8c4gTooQ4VvRTBlANuQ", "user_id": "-_us6c3C4vC3sJ1ja-j_7w", "rating": 3.0, "date": "11/30/2017", "text": "Disclaimer: My review may be more rigorous than others as u have visited several Peruvian restaurants in Peru and other countries.I was very excited to visit this restaurant in my visit to St Louis, is hard to find decent Peruvian restaurants.Decent ceviche - too bad they serve such a small portion for the price, just look at the picture, they place a piece of fruit on the bottom to make it look like they are giving you a good amount of fish. Good yuca frita and rocoto. Fried banana is clearly from a bag of chips, that is disappointing.Pisco sour tastes like a margarita, really? Will be best if they keep it closest to the original recipe, but I can also understand that may not be an accepted taste in St. Louis.I will come back - but with lowered expectations. Beware: This is an american version of a Peruvian restaurant."}, {"review_id": "Fmkjsc0EzJcTboGDks9VKw", "user_id": "TbeWHsWcP2X-DZ0nOPsDVA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/27/2018", "text": "I took my parents here a while back, and we were quite happy with the experience. We tried a variety of dishes including the ceviche which was citrusy and delicious with a lot of interesting textures, and the causa de salmon which was probably the most unique thing we ordered and our collective dark horse pick for favorite dish. The plantain chips with chimichurri were soooo addictive, and I would come back for those alone. Overall, I really liked this place and would gladly come back anytime! Peruvian cuisine is not the most easy to find, and I'm glad to have it embodied in St. Louis by such a lovely establishment as Mango!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/mango-saint-louis?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]