[[{"review_id": "PdocX-NcGZZS6U1YJciQ4A", "user_id": "oDjuOWuXrp1de6kV7MzUIg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/10/2018", "text": "One of the better places to eat decent Thai food in the city of Lincoln.The decor of the establishment gives off a classy, sophisticated ambiance. The food was very good. I ordered the Drunken Noodles, and the flavors were exquisite. The spice was just the right amonhjt of kick that made the whole dish for me.My only grievances were that we had to wait a very long time for our food and the servers were hard to communicate with. The table we were seated at was a little too close to another party despite the restaurant having plenty of space. It got to the point where it was difficult to maintain a conversation."}, {"review_id": "ITXdSQYuDXm5O1fbF23-WA", "user_id": "_4ohGYbS7bwwQ1cc8oT8nA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/21/2018", "text": "My first time in Lincoln, NE and the Blue Orchid cameHighly recommended. Atmosphere: The atmosphere is dark. Feels like a warehouse. Not necessarily bad. Paper table covers over linen cloths. The conversations carry giving it a cafeteria like feel (which matches the papertable coverings).  I cringe when I think of the noise level on a Friday night. Minus one star.Staff: The hostess and waiter were friendly and the service was prompt. Cocktail: Bitter Orange Cosmo. Lived up to its name. I should have known better. Minus one star for me. Appetizer: Baby Thai Rolls. Not particularly flavorful. Satisfying in a bar, finger-food, kind of way: hot. A little greasy. Pleasant dipping sauce. Would try something else next time, but no complaints. Wine selection: Plenty to choose from and reasonably priced. Entree: Crying Tiger. Medium rare. Not the typical Thai choice, but my personal favorite. I particularly like the version served at Siam Rice in the Chicago Loop on Wells. So that is the standard to beat. The entree came out rare. Sent it back. The sauce was sweet. Not the heat I would have expected from this dish. Both the hostess and the waiter followed up with me to make sure the dish was to my liking when it was brought back out. It was. The sticky rice and endgame were also excellent. Although the dish did not live up to my Siam Rice comparison, overall a very satisfying dish that delivered in the end. I can taste the mild heat and the flavors from the steak and the dipping sauce.The food is three stars. The service is 4.5. If you're looking for Thai that will blow your mind, this probably isn't it. But if your craving a decent Thai meal and your in town for a few nights at a hotel, definitely worth trying."}, {"review_id": "m90wy57FIAcU_zXM2wBBFw", "user_id": "l63QwNwi7175v69eGIqH_A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/2/2018", "text": "Vibe: very classy, with table cloth & dim lighting. Really an elegant atmosphere. Suitable for romantic or family dinners. Food: Panang curry was a little sweet for my taste, but good nonetheless. Thick gravy, tender chicken & packed with flavor. Definitely worth it. If you can't tolerate sweet food, request to notch up the spiciness.  Overall: 4/5 because service was slow."}, {"review_id": "2l_qRwT3wDrhU4k_x0FK2w", "user_id": "fhi8K-yYlcCpWt2MRBYPgA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/22/2017", "text": "It's taken me too long to cross Blue Orchid off my list and overall I was pleased with my meal. I went with a small group of work friends on a weekday afternoon. It wasn't busy at all and I liked the quiet, calm, dimly lit space. We were seated quickly. The menu isn't too large, which I appreciate and there were plenty of choices but not too many to be overwhelming. I like that they have a smaller portioned lunch option that comes with an appetizer and starts around $10. A few of us ordered tea while we waited for our meal. I had a cold, sweetened tea. It was very unique. You could taste the bitterness of the tea and it tasted like more of an oolong instead of a black but I'm not entirely sure what kind of leaf it was. Then it's mixed with a sweet cream. The flavors are bizarre but surprisingly delicious. It reminded me of green tea ice cream at a sushi joint. I'm glad I tried it but it's not something I would order regularly. For appetizers we all ordered the spring rolls (cucumber, bean sprout, egg and marinated tofu rolled in this spring roll paper). I love spring rolls and was very disappointed by these which are steamed (making them very mushy) and drenched in a dark plum sauce. If I were to order them again, I'd ask for the sauce on the side. It's good but there was far too much. I don't think I'd get these again though, I didn't like the mushy texture.  When it came to our entrees, everyone got something different. One of my friends prefers fairly simple dishes and she ordered the Chicken Tempura (lightly battered chicken tenderloins sprinkled with toasted sesame seeds and served with sweet and sour vinaigrette). She said it was really good, the breading was light, the chicken tender. She enjoyed the sauce but said it's strong and has a mint taste. Use sparingly. Another friend had the Orchid Chicken (sauteed chicken with chopped pineapple, cashew nuts, mushroom, green and yellow onions and garlic tossed in red chili paste). She said it was delicious and there was a nice balance between the sweet pineapple and spicy red pepper and green onions. A Blue Orchid favorite, Drunken Noodles, was another selection from one of my friends. Drunken Noodles are wide rice noodles with onion, egg, mushroom, tomato, jalapeno and basil leaf in a chili sauce. She said it was very good, spicy, but delicious and she added chicken.My fourth friends Garlic and Ginger was a hit (sliced fresh peppers, ginger, and garlic with mushroom, onion and preserved soybean). She also added chicken which she said was really moist. The ginger shoots surprised her at first and seemed a bit overpowering but it really made the flavor pop. The ginger balanced nicely with the garlic. She did say the soybeans kind of got lost in the dish. I ordered the Pad See-ew (wide rice noodles with garlic, egg, collard green and broccoli in dark soy sauce). I also added chicken. I saw it on a neighboring table and the mix of greens and noodles and broccoli looked delightful. And it was, after a little doctoring. The first few bites lacked in flavor. There is absolutely no spice so I added a bit of the red chili (I had to ask for it) and that helped tremendously. I think a little bit of salt would have taken it to the next level. As I continued to mix and eat the dish, the flavors were much better. It did have a hint of a fishy flavor with a sweetness. Next time I'll likely try another dish, I'd like to see what Blue Orchid has to offer. I'd get this again though if I wasn't feeling adventurous. I'm not sure if the lunch portions are smaller or not but the portion was generous. The service was prompt. The company even better. I liked the decor. I'll be back to explore the menu a little more. Was this the best Thai experience I've ever had? No. There is a place in Omaha that had a delicious meal that I will never forget. I don't know a lot about Thai food but I feel like these dishes weren't necessarily creative or out of the box.For menu: metrodiningdelivery.com/…"}, {"review_id": "EcfwsS8F2C1JpPdCPrVCFg", "user_id": "qyOHLvfdpbNLPBWeFyQosg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/21/2018", "text": "Blue Orchid is a pretty good Thai place on the outskirts of the Haymarket District in Lincoln.  It's inside of Le Manse, which is a huge old building filled with small businesses on the first floor and basement.On our first visit, we tried the Golden Triangles (crispy tofu with a side of plum sauce), and they are great!  The Thai rolls and spring rolls are likewise delicious, and they each have a sauce that makes the tastebuds happy.The noodle and rice dishes are both excellent!  Their Pad See Ew is one of the best I've had!  My hubs enjoyed his Orchid Chicken and also the Massaman curry.  My parents liked everything!Save some room for gourmet doughnuts next door, and don't forget to order a Thai Iced Tea with your meal!  As a warning, if you're tight on time, it would be better to order ahead for pickup...both times we've eaten in, the service has been very slow."}, {"review_id": "QD-NudiC3NDUohJyhjrXew", "user_id": "PrpS423c4c6PK60vVYsbrg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "I was a little nervous to order from this place based on recent reviews, but we were really craving Thai so we went for it. Didn't regret it! I got the drunken noodles with chicken and my wife got green curry with scallops and we both liked it so much we ordered the same thing a week later. Pretty expensive, but tasty."}, {"review_id": "Sdx4a_RXfETE_eVbu2hpYw", "user_id": "s3xnOywTMJYs9sVroNI6Mg", "rating": 2.0, "date": "1/27/2018", "text": "This place used to be delicious. I remember having great curries, drunken noodles, wraps and an amazing Thai seafood ceviche. The last time I had a water curry my chicken was so over cooked it was hard and dry even though it was in liquid. My friends chicken was horrible too. The flavors are missing the brightness, complexity and punch they once offered. Portions are sadly small and the prices are high for what you get. My spicy martini wasn't even as good as it used to be and the Thai mojito lacked flavor. Overall a huge disappointment. Maybe they are under new ownership or maybe they have lost passion. Whatever it is, it's sad. Lincoln has not had good Thai since the Thai House closed down. Dive or no dive, if the food is yum they will come!"}, {"review_id": "K_3MPgv9oPeCs5MXP-e2-Q", "user_id": "GHqKdFhDz6tTjhs9V-xRZA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/28/2018", "text": "I come here every time I'm in town for a work trip and this place always makes me happy. Excellent food and great service. First few times I got the yellow or red curry and it was delicious. Once I tried their Khao Soi, I couldn't change to anything else. Their Khao Soi is one of the best I've ever had. The portions might be a bit small for the price you pay, but the flavors always make up for it. I have never left this place with any complaints."}, {"review_id": "2Wx7j-u19Ujh0ued_gCu0w", "user_id": "lunEyDZI0A6ExUizWq3nBg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/8/2017", "text": "A favorite place for Sunday dinner or weekday lunch, always delicious. Lunch and dinner menus are different, with lunch including an appetizer from a list of options to accompany the main dish. Fewer main dish options at lunch, but the staples are all included, and the price point is less than dinner. Panang Curry is one of our favorites, and be sure to add vegetables for an additional $1. When it comes to heat/spice, the waiters are happy to coach you, and will make a note for the kitchen regarding your preferred heat level. Do take advantage of their expertise if you are new to a dish to ensure success."}, {"review_id": "vuPKqnHnS-05BRnBpCLwfg", "user_id": "lCcu4qYV8UEgEEh_eCqS9A", "rating": 2.0, "date": "1/17/2018", "text": "I've had better Thai/Asian food at a regular old carry out place! I guess don't get Thai food in Lincoln, NE?Positives - food came out quickly. Waitress was very attentive. In a very cool building and nice vibe inside.Negatives - spring rolls are not your typical thin wrapped with fresh veggies. It was thick and glopped in a plum sauce. Not appetizing. For my main, I ordered a tofu and pineapple stir fry, but it was seriously mostly sauce. Swimming in it! The tofu was also not diced but instead served in what seemed like quarters of a block of tofu. Just not very good."}, {"review_id": "6hvWwhgNNMXUHnJ3sRPBQg", "user_id": "mWfHMR-bXK1ETwEBsmd-4w", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/24/2018", "text": "The food here is amazing. Our server was very attentive, on top of things and very pleasant. So why only 3 stars? The noise level is not moderate as listed on Yelp. It is very very loud. We came here for a romantic date night and the noise level made it almost impossible to be able to focus on each other and visit. Maybe it was the obnoxious table of girls/ladies who felt that it was their mission to talk above the noise level so the rest of us could be a part of their conversation. The search for a nice romantic evening out place to eat continues."}, {"review_id": "oeUHBrh76eTqsBCzqcs0JA", "user_id": "KEvvlfQjO225u45Hr4KGQg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "10/30/2016", "text": "I should preface my review by saying Thai food is my favorite type of food. I was visiting Lincoln for a wedding and was excited to see that a Thai food place was close by our hotel and was also well rated.The restaurant was pretty inside and also had a good amount of seating. If you come here with a large group, they should be able to accommodate you. The service was good too, our waitress was very attentive, though our food took a bit of time to make.We got the Khao Soi and the basil chicken.  The food was tasty but didn't really taste like Thai food. There were spices, but they seemed a little different from what we traditionally eat. I think another reviewer had mentioned that place was more of a Thai food inspired restaurant rather than a Thai food restaurant... I think that's a perfect way of putting it.I did enjoy the Thai toddy. I would recommend getting it if you're craving a warm drink. I would just suggest not getting it as sweet."}, {"review_id": "dhSjIGI5C0gBcGgbTYfNLg", "user_id": "WvdaRZGKHf8MFC8oniAtIw", "rating": 2.0, "date": "2/8/2018", "text": "Had a reservation at 6:30 on a Thursday for my bday dinner ordered food around 6:40, and food arrived after 7:30. I don't care to wait but she could have at least apologized or said anything at all. Also I love drunken noodles but all the chicken and pork were sooooo awfully dry. The seafood was good though. Idk I'm really disappointed and sad because I love Thai food!"}, {"review_id": "Ko1e4Otoo3moCfw0j8koKQ", "user_id": "tffypE7V8-RAB53p6ZecbQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "11/14/2017", "text": "Stopped by on Sunday evening based on several recommendations by Lincolners.  In general, the food was good quality and well prepared.  The prices are on the high-side of normal considering that Thai ingredients are widely available and not expensive.  Thai Iced Tea and Thai Iced Coffee ($2.75) were sub-par: entirely too much sugar, cardamom, and/or star anise creating an altogether overly intense flavor.  Recommend they scale back on the ingredients for the glass size used, or consider adding more tea and/or coffee to offset the spicier ingredients.The Tom Yum Soup ($4.75) was properly soured with lemon grass and lime.  The soup was clean and pleasant with accompanying 3 pieces of tofu, 3 mushroom slices, and 3 quartered tomato pieces.  Didn't much care for the price and the portion as it came in a rather small bowl good for only one person, if that.  Would have expected more for the simplicity and low cost of the ingredients used.The Green Papaya Salad ($7.50) was quite heavily spiced with Thai chilies so beware unless you really enjoy a mouthful of fire.  While ingredients are not expensive, I can only suppose that this dish involves manual labor to julienne the ingredients so finely.  While good, $12.95 is excessive for a plate of Drunken Noodles with several vegetable toppings.  Noodle dishes are some of the easiest and cheapest to prepare and would have been properly priced at $10.00 or less.The Orchid Chicken ($14.95) was served inside of a half-pineapple bowl and made for a nice presentation.  This would have been properly priced at several dollars less.  In effect, it was stir fried chicken with pineapple, cashew nuts, mushroom, onions, and garlic in a chili sauce.  We were surprised that the dessert tray contained absolutely no Thai desserts whatsoever, not even the classic Mango with Sticky Rice.  Instead, we were presented with a tray of assorted pastries from crème brulee to cheesecake.  We opted for the coconut cake which was very good.  Décor contained many Thai elements, tapestries, masks and statuettes.  The ambience was pleasant and the service was better than average.  Really appreciated that the wait staff boxed up our leftovers - something that many restaurants don't do anymore - and actually took the time to label every box with the contents and the date.  Nice touch!  Are you listening all other restaurants?Would proffer a fourth star and visit often if they dropped their prices by 20%.  A dedicated parking lot would also be helpful."}, {"review_id": "PPd7XghGNTJgvhRtd43W1Q", "user_id": "_buNS2cW6tbOTX8eyZoQ8g", "rating": 2.0, "date": "3/28/2017", "text": "Had some coworkers tell me how AMAZING this place is....so, decided that since they are from the Lincoln area, I might as well try it out. UGH talk about mediocre. I went during lunch with a friend and ordered their egg rolls as an appetizer. The egg rolls were two inches, six pieces, so technically three egg rolls. They were TINY! Lacked flavor and just did not leave an impression on me. The wait was ridiculous! There weren't that many people. From when we first stepped in to waiting for our food, the one waitress seemed to be the only one there....Ordered the pad thai chicken and the tom yum soup with chicken. The soup was delicious, but you can tell they boil the chicken separate because it lacked ANY flavor. The pad thai chicken that I ordered ended up skimping on the chicken and had TONS of tofu. I love tofu so it was fine, but when someone orders chicken and finds tofu instead they might complain. The pad thai was salty and was edible only after I squeezed the lime on it. Pad thai is a dish that has to have balance. From the sweet, salt, and tart...the real show of authentic Thai is when you get a pad thai dish that is well balanced. Glad I went, but honestly not the best Thai I have ever had. Prepare for a wait...but for mediocre food...is it really worth it?Side note: PARKING IS HORRENDOUS!"}, {"review_id": "Ryx7BB-2ERSrRjcNfwEo5A", "user_id": "58L4aDYuyKd67ooGEzch8g", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/14/2017", "text": "We had good quick service at dinner a few weeks ago on a Sunday night. The Panang Curry was great! I was really glad we added the fresh veggies to it. I would not order the Pad Thai again, as it was too sweet."}, {"review_id": "LWoMF2n4GFpizDahql3Bfw", "user_id": "rTC9QU8Vz516Tkqdwq6KSA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "6/6/2017", "text": "Went by myself on a work trip on the recommendation of a local (and backed up by Yelp)  and was not disapointed. Just around the corner from the Embassy Suites and tucked into the Grand Manse (a little hard to find, look down the parking alley and you'll see it).  I got the Khao Soi with chicken and it was the perfect sweet and spicy combination you want from Thai food. My only regret was that I ordered a green salad to start, while it was completely fine it was nothing special and it took up tummy room I could have spent eating more Khao Soi ;) Service was good and they were very knowledgeable about gluten free options, and also had  tamari on request."}, {"review_id": "qbwTJD2Z51VK_H0iVpT96Q", "user_id": "z1j_RdbSwuk44JHA7CO6Nw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "6/24/2016", "text": "The food was just delicious and the lunch special was a great deal. With this being the only thai place in NE that has my wife's favorite thai dish (khoa soi), we were excited to come check it out.  It lived up to hype and I would definitely recommend it. The spring rolls were wonderfully delicate like an orchid and the spicy pad thai had the perfect amount of kick. My wife's dish had great flavor which is what we hoped for with this unique dish.Definitely worth a drive from omaha if you're looking for a good authentic thai flavor. Tastes like the food was straight out of Chang Mai."}, {"review_id": "2y_o8lJP3NU6sKPNirv8Zg", "user_id": "r1T1TJTR1cODof0EcOfNtA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/4/2017", "text": "The food was mediocre. Food took 40 minutes to come out, but we did notice that we ordered right behind 2 huge groups...tables ordering later in the evening got their food much more quickly. This is a quiet place with a nice selection of wine and spirits. You can get better Thai food (albeit with less ambience) in Lincoln elsewhere."}, {"review_id": "lSHQCj7CuDJj41jpRGS3rg", "user_id": "ChOJyk2hWlAiFi0gnehsDQ", "rating": 2.0, "date": "12/18/2017", "text": "Pad Thai tasted like it was made from a processed seasoning mix rather than fresh ingredients."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/blue-orchid-restaurant-lincoln?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]