[[{"review_id": "AOFltqYRgfyBLmXP1bQuMA", "user_id": "Kq_0yh9B-h1zpJ8wMxtMPg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/10/2018", "text": "Absolutely fantastic!  Started with the buffalo cauliflower which were crisp and tasty.  I had Mac n chews while wife had the gyro.  All was well prepared, flavorful, and well portioned.Finished with the Elvis pie which was great especially for someone who is dairy and gluten free!So good we are going back again before leaving Omaha.As good as I have found in much bigger cities like Minneapolis or Seattle or San Francisco or Denver!"}, {"review_id": "FjBP58uoowPgRUTv5qOsKw", "user_id": "vGe22FBPeP-woeKnal4ieQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/9/2018", "text": "Finally made it in here. My mom and I sampled the Warm Goat Cheese Salad, Mac N' Shews and Wild Mushroom Schnitzel. All in all, I was really impressed by the flavor profiles of the non-dairy and non-meat entrees. The Mac N' Shews was excellent, but the cornmeal crusted tofu on top literally tasted like nothing so that was disappointing.  I also recommend the lemon lavender spritzer as a cocktail! Very light and refreshing. We came in on a Thursday night at it was packed, we had thankfully made a reservation but many were waiting for a table.Service was very attentive. One other note worth making, and I am assuming Modern Love leases the space, but the parking lot is in pretty bad shape - a number of large potholes and when we pulled in the only available spot was in a very large puddle which wasn't an option. The parking lot is very dark so when we left it was a bit concerning we would lose our footing in one of the potholes."}, {"review_id": "4OtsfHGOEWwa2V-Ez3j1Pg", "user_id": "YL_9td3VODNg1SAQoVnLcQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/15/2018", "text": "Modern Love food exceeded my expectations (the parking situation did not - not really paved areas beyond a few spots right in front of the space)!The food was innovative and refreshing with good flavor. The price point was a bit high - I don't want to say you pay more because its vegan and they likely do not have much competition in that space in Omaha, but that's my feeling.The buffalo cauliflower was the best part - so good that I read articles online and watched youtube video's to recreate it."}, {"review_id": "M2qJq39o0xBZgfHWkSUOcQ", "user_id": "_P80Rmt-HOk2LJWe-eVupg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "Stopped in on our way through omaha. Fun food choices. The Brussels aioli was amazing. No parking and a little pricey but the food and atmosphere was worth it."}, {"review_id": "vdI5JrEoFNWBpYJ4hFJZAw", "user_id": "MPhFP4qkuTn_CJpEYR_BCQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Came here for dinner. Expectations were a bit high based on all the raving reviews. It's not a bad spot, but a bit a downer. Had an okay experience and probably wouldn't make it my regular spot.Food - 3.5Vegan food can be hit or miss. It this case, it was neither. On one hand, the food tasted fine but not spectacular. Brussel sprouts, Seitan wings, seitan schnitzel, and mac and shews  tasted good and very close to their non-vegan counterparts. But that's my issue with the food. I didn't experience any unique flavors or combos it was just a great substitute for the meat options out there.Service - 4They were friendly. We got seated on time. They were busy so service took a while. Probably a function of inefficient restaurant layout.Atmosphere - 3The decor is average. What I didn't like was how cramped it was. You could hear 2 of your neighbors and was difficult to have a normal conversation. The place is just too small for a good experience.Value - 3Prices are somewhat fair. A bit overpriced given that the service, and atmosphere have a bunch of negatives. Appetizers are $8-10, entrees are $14-20. Drinks are reasonably priced but cocktails we tried were not good."}, {"review_id": "0MXohgHBjwiyeSsXeX2FcA", "user_id": "vEZgmNlbUJZ8QG3i98TITA", "rating": 2.0, "date": "11/22/2017", "text": "I've heard so many good things about this place and I was so excited to finally come here! However, I was very underwhelmed by the food and service. Let me start off by saying that I'm not vegan or vegetarian so like any other Yelp review, take it with a grain of salt. Modern Love is located along Saddle Creek next to O'Leavers Bar. This place gets crowded so reservations are a good idea. We got lucky and made ours on the drive there.FOODI tried the Modern Cheeseburger ($14) and Mac and Shews ($16). The Mac and Chews was a beautiful dish, but there was just a strong pungent flavor in the cheese substitute that was not appetizing. Lots of other reviewers really enjoyed it, so maybe this is the norm flavor for vegan cheese. The crusted tofu didn't have much flavor to it, so it was like eating a sponge with a crunchy outer layer. The Modern Cheeseburger was also challenging to eat because it had little flavor and the only flavor that came through was the vegan cheese. The best thing we ate was dessert. We had the Blood Orange Coconut Pie. It was delicious! I would come back just for the dessert if we did not have such a bad experience with the service.SERVICEGreat service to start our dinner out, but as my friend and I were mid conversation after dessert a waitress brought our checks and apologized and stated another party had reservations for our table so we were forced to leave, which was a first for me at any restaurant. We weren't there for an excessive amount of time. It was only about 5 minutes of chatting after dessert when we got the message to leave. Upon walking out, we saw another party that was there from when we first arrived so we were confused and surprised why they didn't get chased out as well.PRICEOn the higher end since the food is all Vegan. An average of ~$14-18 per entree.At least we can say we tried Modern Love. We gave it a shot. If you're visiting, make a reservation! The dessert was the only highlight of our visit. I probably would enjoy spending $15+ for a meal elsewhere, whether it be vegan/vegetarian or not."}, {"review_id": "xxMrj7jkvJwePVbtilrAXg", "user_id": "beZTtpSBQuUiqBranU53Bw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/9/2018", "text": "Ok, so Modern Love doesn't need ANOTHER 5 star review from a vegan customer in Omaha, yet here I am!  This place is just so awesome.  A fully vegan restaurant in a town with soooo many restaurants but sooooo little vegan food.  This place kinda specializes in comfort food style cuisine.  There is serious attention to detail here with the flavors of their food.  For example, you're not going to get just a vegan burger or just a gnocchi with pesto, it's going to have some added flair.  Even their drinks are very signature.  They have/had an orange soda with real vanilla bean in it...yuuummm.  My husband who is not vegan has enjoyed most of his dishes here.  I'm kind of a creature of habit and get my mac and shews fix almost every visit here.  We also share the bean and cheese enchilada frequently.  We haven't had a dessert we didn't like.  One of the dishes my husband wasn't super excited about was the shepard's pie.  I think he was looking for something a little \"meatier\" like with faux meats or something, so it wasn't the dish itself, just his expectations were off.  He really enjoyed the bacon burger though, so if you have a non-adventurous, non-vegan guest I would recommend that!  We've also had the seitan wings in the past which were amazing.  This restaurant isn't super roomy, so even if it's just a few people I would call to reserve a table.  One thing to remember is that this restaurant is a bit pricier than your average restaurant, but for good reason.  It'd be so awesome if they opened one up in West Omaha!"}, {"review_id": "FzoKp41FOIUpFHbDj65cbQ", "user_id": "IChKycg4Dd8IO6CzxsFyoA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/2/2018", "text": "If you want to try something new this is the place! I was surprised how delicious the food was here, and nervous to try it especially after hearing it was an all vegan restaurant. However the flavor combinations were perfection and a piece from heaven. Omaha is really lucky to have this place and should realize that this is what the future of food can be.Not only that our server and the rest also those who didn't attend to us made us feel welcomed and enjoyable checking up on us every couple of minutes. Although the place is smaller than usual and only a certain amount of people can fit inside, I found it roomy enough for each table and didn't feel like I was in anyone's bubble.P.S. The bathroom is previous! Go check it out (also it's super clean)!"}, {"review_id": "i9yFQHQ5PfszOu3-W8acMA", "user_id": "XK5e1Q8iIylKiz4V_POlwA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/20/2017", "text": "I really like Modern Love. The food quality is always great and it's awesome to have at least one fully vegan restaurant in Omaha. What sucks is that it's the ONLY fully vegan restaurant in Omaha, and their prices reflect that. When I lived in Denver there were a few completely plant-based restaurants that I can say were just as good in taste and quality, if not better than Modern Love, and cheaper too, even in downtown Denver. But because there are no other vegan restaurants to compete with in Omaha, Modern Love can charge what they do. Our entrees were like $16 and $18, and we got two appetizers which were very good tasting, but their barbecue fried cauliflower appetizer only came with like 5 pieces of cauliflower, which was disappointing because it was so delicious! We also had the quesadilla which was delicious as well. Our entrees were the mac'n'shews and the wild mushroom schnitzel. Both entrees had great flavor and because we ordered two appetizers, we had leftovers. The mac'n'shews came topped with what looked like grilled cauliflower and breaded tofu, which we didn't remember from ordering the dish last time so it was a nice addition. The wild mushroom schnitzel was awesome except the stems and bases of oyster mushroom clusters are tough, and they include the whole cluster in your meal, so I discarded the bottoms of stems and the base of the cluster, which made me feel like I was wasting food but it's literally almost impossible to chew and definitely not pleasant trying to. I always want to go back to Modern Love just for the fully plant-based options, but I literally have to save up money in order to. It IS great food, but I don't necessarily think it's worth the expensive prices of almost $20 an entree."}, {"review_id": "sDlojJsTy2sbBEsoch17hQ", "user_id": "HrPkXJvM_0bWD7CeugkBuw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/6/2017", "text": "One of my favorite restaurants in Omaha! If you've never been it's better to call ahead or go online to make a reservations. Although I've been during the weekday and we got sat right away. It's a pretty small place so I wouldn't recommend going with big groups.If you're not a vegetarian/vegan I'd stick with the modern cheeseburger or something that is more familiar. The staff is so friendly & the dishes are always plated so beautiful & they're delicious!"}, {"review_id": "qEYo5-cF-LTcDM7EXHbSgQ", "user_id": "ksCujrgnYedt2eykk0SLLg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/21/2017", "text": "This place seems pretty popular. You have to make reservations to be seated. Food had great presentations and most dishes were well flavored. I had the gnocchi with spicy marinara sauce. YUM! It had a very nice spice to it and the gnocchi was very soft and delicious! My friend has the mac and cheese. Perhaps because of how awesome my dish was, I found hers just ok. My husband had the gyro and it was stuffed and also looked amazing. It came with side of fries. The last thing we ordered were seitan wings. Yum. I mean the best part about wings are the sauces and this one rocked it!Atmosphere was a bit intimate. It made me feel like I was having a unique, to-be-sought-after secret experience. I'll definitely go back!"}, {"review_id": "J-DkdBirz7dfsiTBfW6xpg", "user_id": "JlZ5GuWpM7QxfL_RsZmScg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "My girlfriend and I stopped here on our move from LA to Boston and we were VERY impressed. It was Friday night and the place was popping, but we only had to wait 5-10 minutes for a table. The food was absolutely delicious, possibly better than the best vegan places in LA! The Buffalo Seitan Wings were solid, but the Mac & Shews was amazing. Creamy red pepper cashew cheese, cornmeal crusted tofu, spiced pecans, blackened cauliflower, garlic kale, and tomato vinaigrette. WOW!"}, {"review_id": "kyEc4VrVl-K4DBlQQwFwaw", "user_id": "koOmfcO5Yscbxi56yvwJqg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/16/2018", "text": "This place was amazing. I found it only by chance but I'm sure glad I did. Now I know what your thinking but go here with and open mind and a hungry belly and you won't leave sad. With a gluten free beer list to match the amazing dinner options I was super impressed. The location is off the local path but easy to find. The portions are very good and I appreciated the pricing on everything. Seating was tight and reminded me of an east coast hole in the wall. But that's ok by me!"}, {"review_id": "LZdgw-c7kro7TirNJC87hg", "user_id": "jF_vE7-hsuw850zuvr4-yg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/5/2017", "text": "Modern Love exceeded my expectations! It was packed on a Sunday night. The food was innovative and refreshing with good flavor. The price point was a bit high and the parking situation was awkward but I know the restaurant business is hard. The buffalo cauliflower was the best part-- unsure if I'd be able to tell it wasn't chicken!"}, {"review_id": "HUXSuzEAzTbKDH6MfeO__Q", "user_id": "hZa8grSMWGpE_mC7orUCyA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/11/2017", "text": "Finally made it out to Modern Love. We had a reservation but arrived slightly early as our previous plans got done sooner than we thought. The restaurant is very small as previous reviews have mentioned, and while they were busy there weren't any guests waiting for their tables inside the restaurant.We sat at a bench by the door as the hostess checked on our reservation. No worries, we knew we were early.   When she came back she said our table wouldn't be ready until 5pm, and asked us to go wait in the bar next door, and return closer to our reservation time. Perhaps they don't want people hanging out by the door, I get that given the limited space, but it felt a bit strange to be basically asked to leave. We went and waited in our car, enjoying the picturesque view of a wintery beach volleyball court in the meantime. When our table was ready, still ten minutes ahead of our reservation time, they came out and waved us in, so that was nice. I had requested a table in the narrow dining area to the right of the door, and they were able to seat us there, which I appreciated greatly as I tend to get really cold if I am seated near the front door anywhere. The tables all had little vases of fresh flowers, a lovely touch. We ordered the Cashew Rangoon appetizer. It was absolutely delicious, but at the $10 price point we were surprised to find only three small pieces on the plate. That's an awkward split for a table of two. I went with the Seitan Gyros for dinner. Since going vegetarian, I haven't ever really missed meat too much, though there are a few dishes that I remember fondly. Gyros is one of these dishes. You guys, the seitan gyros at Modern Love... No longer do I need to miss gyros, now that I know I can have this! I may have teared up a little bit at the first bite. Adorably presented all wrapped in wax paper though it is, this beast of a flatbread sandwich is best tackled with a knife and fork. It's just as amazingly messy as any gyros you ever had. The fresh cucumbers and tomatoes, the tzatziki sauce, those fatty fries... I could go on, but the moral of the story is really, just go try it for yourself. Trust. My husband ordered the classic, tried and true Mac & Shews. I was planning on stealing a bite of the crusted tofu, but ended up too enamored with my gyros to remember. I did sneak a bite of Mac though, and it was pretty good! What can I say about it that hasn't already been covered in many an earlier review. We both had a glass of their homemade orange hibiscus soda. I could have had about five of those and a 44oz to go. The portions, other than our rangoons, were definitely generous, to the point where we were almost too stuffed for dessert. But who am I kidding. So for dessert, we ordered the Modern Sundae. I don't know what kind of black magic went into this ice cream, but I'm OK with whatever it was. My husband hates coconut anything, so he was instantly put off by the coconut whip on the sundae. Too bad, more for me!Overall I was delighted with our first visit to modern love. Now I just have to find a house in the area, because I need more of all of this in my life."}, {"review_id": "pb8VcGEMcio1INZ6_wEuNA", "user_id": "1r95ja49pqW5BDJn4xl9Xw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/16/2018", "text": "My number one favorite spot for Vegan food in Omaha. The all vegan menu makes ordering a dream and they have such a diverse menu that most palates are pleased. Menu mainstays are the Modern Cheeseburger and the Mac and Shews. There renditions on the cheeseburger and Mac and cheese do not disappoint. They are doing comfort food amazingly in the best Vegan way!-Jordan @ thecuttingedgeveg.com"}, {"review_id": "MdPUvQPqZ82XtpqhUGGJjw", "user_id": "BXZl-2ZvKey7qiMhY4mX3g", "rating": 2.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "The first time I went here, I had to mushroom piccata and it was tasty. (It's pretty much the only thing I can get with my allergies..) The next 3 times since, the broccolini always comes out burnt and I leave smelling like over-fried oil. I want to love this place, but I don't want to waste broccolini or smell like \"ew\" when I move on with my day. I wish this place didn't torture me so."}, {"review_id": "38sHKRP_NhdqvcgpCAXZIA", "user_id": "u9zyKQRJgMJN1CTKF9pdGQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "7/8/2017", "text": "Outstanding food. This place is ridiculously good.  Other patrons spontaneously ask you what you're eating and everyone compares and everyone seems to love their choices. The service is attentive, the drinks are delicious, the menu changes often with a great selection and the atmosphere is cool & eclectic. My final test was to check out the bathroom and it was spotless. Modern Love is an excellent restaurant on many levels. These folks have it figured out. Make reservations. Highly recommended."}, {"review_id": "iFcBSxxbnX8D5nPCidOxvw", "user_id": "zW3PaTqR8fN-mnoYWk6Ymg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/21/2017", "text": "I adore this place. I was traveling to Nebraska for my cousins wedding and found this gem 25 minutes from where we were staying. I guess it is the only vegan place in all of Nebraska. My boyfriend ( vegan) and my mom ( not vegan) decided we should order everything and split it. I cannot tell you my favorite because I enjoyed everything. Such a cute little place! Make a reservation. Very important. ( my co worker who is vegan told me they only take reservations - she found that out in a vegan magazine)"}, {"review_id": "3g34kPIw9EtCokQXaW9ocA", "user_id": "f7YIT101R8voZDdk-yggsA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "7/24/2017", "text": "My standards were high after reviewing other reviews across different social media platforms. I give this place 4 stars because I really did like the vegan cheeseburger and Modern Sundae. It's hard to get the vegan meat substitutes right, and Modern Love knows what it's doing in the burger arena. The buns were also delicious and will definitely fill you up. I wanted to try the mac and shrews but the prices aren't the cheapest. I wasn't going to spend $16 for mac n cheese after spending $14 for a burger. The markups for vegan food can be over pretentious. We all know veggies are dirt cheap. My boyfriend went because I made him. He typically gets turned off by the words \"vegan\" and \"vegetarian\". He was impressed, however, with the cheeseburger I ordered but was not impressed with the appetizer wings he ordered. I did not care for the wings either and have had better. If you must take a non-experimenter, I would suggest the cheeseburger. He ordered also ordered a chai tea and thought it was way too sweet for his manly tastebuds. I want to say this was because they did not carry basic teas but can't be certain.For dessert, we ordered the Modern Sundae which consists of a chocolate brownie, candied nuts, and chocolate and vanilla ice cream. I do recommend this and would order double vanilla ice cream because chocolate on chocolate was too much.Service was good. We did not have a reservation but were squeezed in. I'm sure it helped we came before the rush (I want to say around 4pm). Do make a reservation-the place is small. I thought it was cool that there were volleyball courts on the other side of the parking lot and a bar next door for drinking after if you fancy. The environment is definitely punk-hipster and pretty chill none-the-less. It's a great place to wind down and maybe play volleyball afterward."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/modern-love-omaha?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]