[[{"review_id": "YmyQ2lyC3_tAh4ydOOj8Sw", "user_id": "Rg2gDzYe4MALIe2KNmSoAQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/9/2018", "text": "What a great place to go for breakfast while in Las Vegas.  You can also have lunch or brunch.  Whatever tickles your fancy.  Drinks are a must As well as their pancakes, eggs Benedict Very busy but restaurant is huge and the wait is not so bad.  Just think your opening up your appetite while you wait to be seated."}, {"review_id": "uE-TaTzr-q0akwf2Mofv8g", "user_id": "g05jfdQIwe_ANt75NprQkw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "To tell you the truth I was kind of disappointed by the amount of food that this restaurant serves. It made me sick to my stomach seeing all the waste happening. Looking at my neighbors table, I proposed my friend to share a meal and even with this, I could not finish my plate.The food was good, don't get me wrong but it's just too much!It's cafeteria style so very casual. The meal were all looking very good, well decorated.Maybe if you have hungry teenagers that would be a slam dunk or if you are a person with huge appetite."}, {"review_id": "EwnrTbn7Zq8IDHw06Yy74g", "user_id": "crB1vTtmxHAID1lO3lLM4A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "I stay at the Linq for one reason.Hash House a Go Go is located there.I can party hard, roll out of bed and get brunch and a bloody mary whenever I want."}, {"review_id": "nLIk6tP8SXU4tqlHjfXTcg", "user_id": "3ebfdGWgZm0KBDUyaPrRAw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "Best Breakfast in Vegas! Hands down the most delicious breakfast you can get in all of Vegas. I've gone here on three different trips to Vegas and have enjoyed their delicious food each time. The portion size of their food is enormous. Most items you order you could split with another person. My girlfriend and I always tend to split something there and we both leave stuffed. Their coffee/espresso drinks are creative and delicious. My girlfriend loves their banana latte and I personally love and always get their Cinnamon Roll Latte, because it's made with real cinnamon and isn't too sweet. When it comes to food, the French toast is phenomenal! They use fresh bread that is perfectly soft and the banana French toast is even better with two warm half sliced banana slices placed on top of the French toast combined with drizzling syrup over the entree leads to a delicious masterpiece. The Hash House A Go Go is a staple of Vegas and a must go to if you're staying in Vegas! You will not regret coming here. The service here is also very on point! Our server was great with refills and attending to our needs."}, {"review_id": "IzezKCLmKv-u2Oan7hwKCg", "user_id": "Y_NVgxBRcII68dSuwfNHAQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "This is a place you would go if you are as hungry as a lion that hasn't eaten in three years (but is somehow still alive). Based on what I was told, and my overall experience, this is a place where quantity trumps quality. Don't get me wrong, the food by itself is solid, but the portions are Texas-sized. Chicken and waffles for instance... don't let the photos fool you, this is quite literally a man vs. food sized portion. I had ordered this, not knowing I would be brought a plate that was likely the same size of my head. Alright, enough about quantity, lets talk quality! Both the chicken and waffles were okay. The waffles were a basic batter made with a basic square-shaped waffle iron. Cooked well, although just a touch more softness on the inside would not have hurt. Then there's the chicken. These are just three or four large pieces of battered and fried chicken. The batter was quite flavorful, but this was the only thing that shone. The chicken wasn't tough, but could have been a little more tender. Meanwhile, I feel if they had put more herbs and spices into the batter as opposed to using them for decorative purposes, the dish would not be hurt.The dish itself looks cool at first, but then becomes quite messy. Having been brought a mountain, once you dig in, expect some sort of avalanche. Also, what's with the two/three tiny pieces of bacon and cherry tomatoes? These seemed to be added almost as an afterthought.The service was quite nice, and food came out fairly fast. The prices were on-par with what you would typically find in Las Vegas in light of the portion size. If I had the capacity to eat the whole thing (could only finish half), this would be a pretty solid deal. Be mindful, unless you can eat a Man vs. Food sized portion, bring a friend or two, and split this dish with them... the value then would be spectacular!"}, {"review_id": "7NaReIUr5Hya68O2O1SkVQ", "user_id": "4QdMznpbs0930hGZSGmseQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/3/2018", "text": "WARNING: MASSIVE PORTIONS!!! Plan to share unless you have a HUGE appetite. I'm a big eater and couldn't finish my dish! My group of 6 came for brunch, and the worker at the front told us that the wait would be 45 minutes. Expected for a popular place at peak time on a Friday. However, to our pleasant surprise, we were seated in less than 5 minutes, probably because they happened to have a big table cleared! I ordered the red velvet pancake with the trucker combo (includes eggs and choice of protein - I got bacon). When the food came out, I was surprised at how massive the portion was. The pancake was literally the thickness and size of a cake! I worked my way through 70% of the pancake and had to give up so I wouldn't get too much of a belly bloat before going to a day club pool party. It was pretty good - the red velvet flavor was distinct, and it was well made. However, I wish that it was slightly more crunchy. As my friend put it, we'd rather have 3 thin, crispier pancakes, than one massive cake-like pancake.We came back here for a night snack a couple days later after not being able to get back on the main dance floor at Omnia (ugh why do those night clubs never cap entries.....). I shared the dessert red velvet waffle and ice cream with my friend, and at 2AM, it was the best snack we could ask for. We both with that it was slightly crispier, but it was still a very satisfying snack."}, {"review_id": "o7NmJXh9DR6s1K-hWT-t5A", "user_id": "ptELJaRmNK8ej8YwL7Bdjw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/25/2018", "text": "Hash House A Go Go is a must visit breakfast restaurant on the Las Vegas strip.  Tucked back into the Linq Casino, Hash House is always jam packed and crazy popular.  And it is deservingly so as it is one of my favorite breakfast restaurants in the country.So you enter the Linq Casino and head towards the back.  You should see some signage and some escalators going up to the second level.  This is Hash House.  It has a truck stop/farm kind of decor.  Stainless steel tables, wooden trim, and more stainless steel.  Very rustic and well done.The food at Hash House is amazing.  Their novelty would be large portions of food.  Not comically large portions but big enough as to where even heavy duty eaters are taking a decent amount of food to go.  I go to Las Vegas often and I always try to eat at Hash House at least once while in town.  I have had most items on the menu, but my favorite would be the sage fried chicken and waffles. The sage fried chicken and waffles.  Two giant pieces of fried chicken breast pinned to a stack of bacon waffles with a large serrated knife.  A giant sprig of sage. A scattering of fried leeks.  A side of maple syrup.  This dish is amazing.  The waffles have the bacon cooked into them.  The chicken is seasoned and cooked perfectly; juicy with the flavor sealed in.  My mouth is watering just thinking about this dish.Hash House always has a fun drink menu.  They have the crazy BLT bloody mary with the bacon in it.  My go to is the 25 ounce Budweiser in a bag.  It's Vegas.  I was probably up all night drinking.  I can have a tall boy Budweiser with breakfast if I want to. Altogether, Hash House is a must eat if you happened to be in Vegas.  Sure, the lines are going to be killer most of the time, but fortunately they are open 24/7 so you can improvise.  Sage fried chicken and waffles.  Do it."}, {"review_id": "xluWYHZY6GAjhGkONF1skA", "user_id": "9vNue1jD5jeM5kl7naTlbQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/1/2018", "text": "1st place we stopped in Vegas as we arrived super early in the morning. It was jamming at 7:30am in the morning. I ordered a BLT Bloody Mary it was honestly not good. I took two sips and did not drink anymore of it. I would pass on that. My husband had the hash and I had the man vs food chicken dish. Both were huge and very tasty. They definitely push the man vs food meal and the chicken and waffles. The sauce on my meal was awesome it's a chipotle cream sauce it was so good. My husband added the sausage gravy to his biscuit and that was really good too. A must try in Vegas!!"}, {"review_id": "ngP_oWWR_WHFm0X4FwBR8w", "user_id": "PysGpKxh6BKU6xbd2TlY2A", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/1/2018", "text": "I had high hopes for this place after finding out it was featured on man vs food. I couldn't decide on what to order. There's so much to chose from. I felt like I needed to try a waffle and my hubby tried the fried chicken. The food was mediocre. There was no flavor at all in the fried chicken. The crust part was just plain. The waffle was good but not the best. The biscuit that came with the chicken was fluffy and buttery. The servings were big. A few of our friends got the chicken and waffles and a pancake with banana and brown sugar. The pancake was probably the best dish. It didn't need syrup and it was huge! Our server was so funny! He made our meal enjoyable. It was worth the try but I don't think I'll be back again."}, {"review_id": "zygX2XKpAKCMnZvrTbTH1A", "user_id": "EGRcixxBNi92pqm_YIhIqw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/31/2018", "text": "This place is fun.  I've heard about long lines, etc but maybe I was lucky because I never had that trouble. Huge, I mean HUGE portions of food, so I would recommend sharing.  I couldn't finish my pancake (singular).  My favorite menu item was \"The Hangover\" it's a 25ounce can of Budweiser and 5 strips of bacon.  Classic.Service staff was fun and entertaining every time. If you have the chance, check it out!"}, {"review_id": "LYWXXd5oSUNRuruOhO7FwQ", "user_id": "O5Dh496HSFj9UW32CqDkfw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/3/2018", "text": "My friend and I stayed at the Linq hotel and finding Hash House here was a delightful surprise. I am from San Diego and Hash House is really popular there. Its reputation in San Diego definitely carried over to its Vegas location. On a Sunday during prime lunch hours, we tried to go in and left when we saw the crowd waiting in the lobby. We returned Monday morning instead.We ordered the vanilla waffles and the sausage gravy pot pie. The vanilla waffles were excellent with the perfect crunch in every bite. I coated my waffle with butter and syrup to enjoy the smooth silky sweet taste. The sausage gravy pot pie was so large we were confident it could feed at least four people. We also found the pie sat on a huge amount of mashed potatoes. If you are going to get the pot pie and some pancakes  or waffles, you may consider choosing a different side from mashed potatoes. The pot pie comes with the same mashed potatoes and it was more than enough for us two. I found the pot pie to be a bit dry with the mashed potatoes.My only disappointment is with the availability of sweet choices on the menu. There was a limited selection of choices. I'm guessing their core focus is for savory breakfast choices."}, {"review_id": "V-NgSfdW4OpR94mZ-W1_Cw", "user_id": "xpiEaGco-NokoTsmi3Y6rg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/13/2018", "text": "Do not come to this place on a 1/4 stomach; I repeat \"Do not come to this place on a 1/4 stomach\" because they give you large portions which is great for the money and taste. You should also plan to share with someone if you go with someone. I had the Man V Food favorite called the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken. It was great. I could taste everything form the egg, chicken, maple, mashed potatoes. The only thing I wish is that there was more chicken. other than it was still great! Also, I had the crab cake to be extra greedy. haha! Recommend, recommend this place. You should probably go on a fast before coming here. That way you can eat and eat many items on the menu. ~Good deal, no, great deal!"}, {"review_id": "KG6gtnVJqw2SFdldduoCnw", "user_id": "icA8jfZqyCvHSdOgW7baYA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/28/2018", "text": "Hash House has huge portions of delicious, high quality, American favorites. There is no way one person can finish a single entree, so you should probably plan on sharing dishes.We sat at the bar and were thoroughly entertained by the bar tender who was hilarious. All the servers and waitresses were extremely welcoming and happy!The fried chicken here is AMAZING, whether it's on a waffle covered with syrup, or a biscuit covered with gravy. The food is very rich, very fatty, and just the way I like it."}, {"review_id": "Th4H9phJEYTD248z6Gi13A", "user_id": "8Sdo9NL9imYlVrMx4bh8MA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/27/2018", "text": "This is for 04/26!At about 5:00 P. M!We ordered Stuffed Meatloaf and Crab Cakes!They were huge! His Meatloaf was tender and My Crab Cakes were real good!But the Mashed Potatoes underneath the Crab cakes were soo good!It had just right seasoning!The best I ever had!I wanted to it all!They have Big Lime Margarita for only $9.99!Our waitress was really good and helpful and attentive!"}, {"review_id": "zqQgh7qrMvgm5AFB1N7heQ", "user_id": "kX4ntfl1XnMAjnN1q6L1Ww", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/5/2018", "text": "I'd wanted to try hash house the last time I came to Vegas for my birthday since my friend kept raving about how much she loves it, but our group woke up so hungover and desperate to go home on Sunday morning that I decided it was best to put it off until next time. This worked out perfectly as I happened to be staying at the Linq this time around. There's a big sign in the lobby with up arrows toward the escalator, you won't miss it.We came with a party of 4 at around 11 am. As we were coming down the elevator from our hotel room, I asked my friend if she thought there was gonna be a long wait. Another person in the elevator looked at me and said \"hash house? there's always a wait\" which I thought was really funny and an indicator of how popular this place really is. There ended up being about a 45 minute wait so we decided to go back up to the room to get ready since my friend and I had come down in no makeup and pj's.We were called less than 5 minutes after we came back (perfect timing!) and they told us to stand in this area to wait for a hostess to come seat us. I thought the set up was kinda weird, as no one was really regulating, or at least it didn't look like it, so I felt like anyone could just go up there and act like they'd been called. It took awhile for them to seat us, despite our number being called already which I was a little bothered about.Their menu is pretty chaotic to look at and it took me awhile to decide what to get. I was stuck between andy's sage fried chicken benedict and the crab cake benedict as both seemed to have pretty good reviews on yelp. I decided to go for the crab cake. My bf and I had heard the portions were huge but decided to get our own dishes anyways so we could save it for if we got hungry later (and so we could try out more than one dish).Let me just say that \"huge portions\" is an understatement. Two people could order one dish and still have leftovers. However, I was still glad I got my own dish because it was delicious!! The presentation of the food was very over the top and beautiful. The eggs were cooked perfectly and the crab cakes were soooo good. I particularly loved the sauce that came with it, I think it was some sort of chipotle sauce instead of the typical hollandaise. It also came with what seemed like 2 pounds of mashed potatoes underneath which was also delicious, super flavorful and garlicy. Overall, I really enjoyed my experience here. The food was amazing and the service was great as well. I think the only thing that I could really say is that their drinks are pretty expensive. The food is too, but I can look past that since they give you so much. I tried the bloody maria which was just okay. I definitely think you could get something better elsewhere for a cheaper price. Also I didn't mention it but my bf ordered the chicken fried steak and the breading on it was suuuuper salty we couldn't even eat it, so I would advise against ordering that. Otherwise, everything else was spot on!"}, {"review_id": "QWDU8GTCLsdz9yHJCTtTCw", "user_id": "D7hnu09qBbjuHJr88wG62A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "My husband and I arrived for a late breakfast around 11 a.m. We were FAMISHED, and thought we would have to wait in line forever to be seated since the place was packed and there were people waiting everywhere. Surprisingly enough their turnaround was quick - less than 10 minutes - and we got seated right away. Service was quick & our server was very nice. I ordered the fried green tomato and chicken salad stack which OMG it's so good! The balsamic drizzle gave it the perfect touch! And my husband ordered the sage fried chicken and waffles which honestly, we could have shared since it was SO HUGE. It came with so many bacon-laced waffles (I lost count) and two large chicken breasts. Absolutely delish. Can't wait to go back!"}, {"review_id": "aoYgypikMLv2QhrUCYz5ZA", "user_id": "iEK1xZ3cACgipw9xZuXa2A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/8/2018", "text": "AMAZING. One of the best brunches I've ever eaten.Vegas is always crowded at all hours of the day, so we did have a wait. But waiting is worth it!Not a huge fan of bloody Mary's but from what I saw, it's a meal within itself. It was difficult for me to choose what to get on the menu because they have so many options. I decided to go with chicken and waffles. And when I say the portions are huge, they are enormous. My chicken and waffles were enough to feed a family of 4...no joke.The service was alright. Wouldn't say it's a 10/10 but they are very busy and each waiter has multiple tables to serve.Overall, I highly recommend this place regardless of how long the wait is!"}, {"review_id": "eJYNxylvyM_6WC5ieZezFg", "user_id": "8wBRbKWFnkGe49b-47QyIw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/1/2018", "text": "Incredible large portions of food? Sure, let's try! I was told by many people if we haven't been to Hash House, we need to go at least once. Located in the Linq Hotel on the strip, we came on a Saturday morning for brunch around 10 am and it was packed. Packed means it must be a good sign! We were given ticket numbers and put our names down. The wait was around 45 minutes to an hour so we decided to go downstairs and walk around. Once our name was called, we checked into the front where they led us to a small waiting area to be seated. Menu consists of many different items such as chicken and waffles, scrambles, sandwiches, and more. We knew for sure we wanted the fried chicken and waffles since this is one of their well known dishes that was on the Food Network. We ordered the chicken and waffles and a smoked salmon scramble. Beware.... When you order please keep in mind that the entrees are served in HUGE portions. It's big enough to share so keep that mind if you're with a party of multiple people.When we got our food, our faces were literally like O_O. We should have just ordered on entrée to split between us two. The chicken and waffles are two big pieces of chicken breast and four waffles stacked upon each other held by a large knife. The salmon scramble wasn't much of a shocker however it was still a large portion compared to a normal breakfast. The chicken and waffles were a once in a lifetime experience and not something I could eat all the time. The fried chicken isn't your typical fried chicken because it has a strong rosemary taste and it's quite oily. However it was good to try something different. The waffles have strips of maple bacon as well. I really enjoyed the salmon scramble except I wished there was more pesto like how the waiter described the dish. There was a huge serving of smoked salmon so that couldn't be beat. Overall, it was good. Was it memorable? Yes. Was it worth the wait? Yes. Would I make it a must go to in Vegas? Not really. If you never been, I recommend going once to have the experience. Next time I would go in a bigger group and split between different entrees so we can at least try different items. Prices can be steep especially when ordering drinks however it'll be enough to feed you for two to three meals. At least we were finally able to try Hash House!"}, {"review_id": "rzg-dntNPYxVlqy9FA1tLA", "user_id": "rouO-Po26ztrJGl_h4BuQw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/28/2018", "text": "I was here with 5 other friends with me on a Saturday morning around 10am. We waited in a line that was for signing in our names. As we were waiting in line, we were contemplating on how long we were willing to wait. We all agreed no more than 1 hour of waiting to eat here. Yes, we felt like it was worth that time.However, to our surprise, we only had a 5 min wait after waiting in line for about 10 min to sign our names in. Luckily there was an open table for 6, and most of the people waiting had a party of 1-4. The portions of the food were large, definitely enough to share between two people. I would like to mention that the margarita tasted like juice. I felt like there was only a tiny splash of tequila in there which I barely tasted. I had to concentrate to taste the alcohol. That was the only thing I regretted buying.I don't 100% remember what we all got because we shared 5 plates. One was the corned beef hash (it's not the corned beef you normally would find in a can, but it's still really good) , chicken and waffles (much better at Roscoe's), snicker's pancake (humongous, can split with 4-6 people as a side dish), scramble egg whites with fruit, and smoked salmon scramble.If you're hungry, I suggest you either come on a weekday or before 9am."}, {"review_id": "zRD3NaeX9MmcAtbLuPCGHQ", "user_id": "52fI8_jjjBtvfwZSzo4nNw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/9/2018", "text": "WARNING: LONG WAIT TIMESHash House A Go Go is located upstairs in the Linq casino. The wait time is ridiciously long. We were quoted anywhere from 45 mintues to 1.5 hours, but luckily you're in Vegas, so you can just walk around. Just be sure to get back early so you don't miss your name. They should really implement a texting feature.Despite the wait time, this is one of the best places to get breakfast on The Strip. I ordered the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles. The sage flavor gives the chicken a delicious twist and eating that plus the waffles drenched in maple syrup is amazing. My wife ordered the Snickers pancake. She really enjoyed it. The pancake was humongous and there were a ton of pieces of Snickers in the batter.Overall, it was an amazing experience. It is definitely worth the wait!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/hash-house-a-go-go-las-vegas-5?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]