[[{"review_id": "zOQDgQMeAKqsqs0PZbYW5g", "user_id": "y1GXDMOmu4lnsCI7TSi0sg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/1/2018", "text": "I will keep it short and sweet. This place is worth a visit every time you're in this town. Hands down best carne asada I've ever had and there signature al pastor is also the best I've ever had. If I were a rich man and I wanted tacos or really good Mexican I'd fly my jet here just to get tacos!! Lit AF!!!"}, {"review_id": "ZiqPL1ykMhwREOmr2ZX5aA", "user_id": "RjeoPfBXXMutdCqw9kly0g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "This place is definitely the type of restaurant that survives because of the food quality. It's a pretty dilapidated building: old, unkempt, dirty. The lines are long and waiting out in the Vegas sun is no good. The place is so crowded that it's really hard to find seating, and the tables themselves are , like the building, old, dirty, and unkempt.Moving onto the food. It was...heavenly. They only sell tacos, but they make them VERY well. I ordered a carne asada and an adobado taco and they were perfection. It was like I was consuming ambrosia from the greek gods themselves; I felt like I was eating from a dingy food cart in the heart of Mexico (that's a good thing). What's funny is that they don't have any unique sauce or special way of making these tacos. In fact they make them on the spot really quickly. The chef just slices the meat off a large rotating skewer and onto the tortilla.However, be warned my friends, I recommend purchasing many tacos as they are quite small. To be safe, I'd order at least 4. Otherwise, you'll be waiting in that long line again under the sweltering heat of the Vegas sun."}, {"review_id": "EVGbvZjtMhjMNW91ebkWGQ", "user_id": "mxwUS2HymRKaiBbGomnIYw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "AMAZING! AMAZING! AMAZING! Every time we visit Vegas this is our spot!This is a must in Vegas! I most definitely will be going back!"}, {"review_id": "XXG4TOqr4DjxtrF8Sbt-9A", "user_id": "zzFZC9NIXVUgNWYyDFyq-g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "So worth the wait!Waited in line about 5 min it was a tad longer once you got inside!  You are put in a line according to what type of taco you want. So yummy. The meet was tender and full of flavor The security guard that was directing people was kind and courteous. She did a great job. The cooks! All I can say is WOW!  He knife skills are amazing!"}, {"review_id": "baTIP5_4lcx2KTXHPQmAMw", "user_id": "TVGvLsd_wJQ1vaQ49TfH2Q", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "Interesting twist on the taco here...  Kinda like a Mexican Gyro where they slice off meat from a rotating spit.  Flavor wise it was just ok.  It seems pretty popular though so I'm probably in the minority here but it just missed the mark.  The best thing for me was the Orange Bang they had at the soda dispensers.  Haven't seen that in since Pioneer Chicken was around.  Give The Gordo a shot though and try it for yourself."}, {"review_id": "0efnpBFszr4JwQVxuAtFEw", "user_id": "7ddxoApXzSgYqImGY_nBEw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/3/2018", "text": "If you fail to plan, plan to fail.  Treat this like a Black Friday event and you'll be fine. Reinforcements are a necessity...especially if you want to try a variety of things.  There are different lines for different food items.Lines were about a 20 minute wait at 11pm on a Sunday night.  Make sure you write everyone's order down especially if they want items left out of the taco.  It's like going to a store for milk, and forgetting what you came there for.  The closer you get to the front, the more entertaining it is.  They prep the tacos and the tortillas right in front of you.  It was a mini Vegas show! The guys move quickly so you shouldn't complain about how long it takes to get your food.  We were a party of nine foodies.  We all agreed that the food was ok."}, {"review_id": "lbgBvrJidhb4O_W-skWBEg", "user_id": "scWPwwaZeZsk0OzJ856z-w", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/29/2018", "text": "Overall: Tacos El Gordo is overhyped. Definitely stop by if you're on the strip and you want a quick, cheap bite. Otherwise, there are better places to eat.Food: 3I ordered a taco de cabeza, lengua, and suadero. I was not a fan of the suadero because the meat is a little stringy, but the cabeza and lengua were tender. The corn tortilla was too soft and falling apart.In respect to other eateries on the strip, you can't get much cheaper than Tacos El Gordo. But if you have time, off strip food is way cheaper and tastier. Plus, if you come from a place with an abundance of Mexican food like me, you're better off waiting until you get home where a taco is half the price and at least as tasty.Service: 4Tacos El Gordo has an interesting concept for ordering. There are signs pointing to where you should line up depending on what you want. Once you have your food, you go to the front counter to pay.The lines weren't too long when I came because it was a weekday night, but I'm sure it moves fast even if it were long. The cooks work at a rapid pace.Ambiance: 4The restaurant is decently clean and well-lit, and there's plenty of tables to choose from. Parking doesn't seem too bad."}, {"review_id": "0uDGLiZWiKKaQeHO-VOONg", "user_id": "hY2LxEgeAQ-muFlKHLAwaQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/27/2018", "text": "I can finally say I've tried all the tacos El Gordo locations in the United States lol. And I can say this location is nothing like the ones in San Diego. I tried the adobada fries and adobada tacos. The fries do come in 2 sizes, half and full order. It was good but I can tell it tasted a little different. But it did satisfy my cravings.  The concept is the same. You wait in line to order your food and then pay at the register. The line went out the door and wrapped outside."}, {"review_id": "Z-Fsho-7N8AHN3DjIjMN2A", "user_id": "bhQdbgAZHghGID0AjGH9hg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "Mhmm such a fan of this place, whether it's for the day or late in the night.- Tacos are worth it- Wait sucks- Good/Quick serviceOverall, can't go wrong if you can sacrifice waiting."}, {"review_id": "B2wEXh0mNV_OkkXBYkLWaQ", "user_id": "GmQR50bIII7gDNRYEgfXfA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/18/2018", "text": "Literally walked 3 miles each way for Tacos El Gordo. I've only been to the Chula Visa location & was SO stoked to find out that Tacos El Gordo is now in Vegas. If TEG were around during my Vegas heyday, I would have gone after EVERY XS/Encore night.We ordered Adobada, lengua & carne asada tacos as well as a half order of campechana fries (topped with adobada, carne asada, guac and cheese). The adobada is the way to go here! It's like an al pastor spit where the cook freshly slices it when you order & the corn tortillas are toasted in the adobada fat. The carne asada and lengua are good but not as good as the adobada. For 8 tacos, a half order of fries (which is already a huge portion btw), and a fountain drink, it was ~$30. I feel like this is just a smidge pricier than the Chula Vista location, but still worth it! 77/365"}, {"review_id": "c-pABEJlmAtWN9pEwW15Vw", "user_id": "sB8Ta-xnYmW8N6w6RgxwIg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/24/2018", "text": "Most popular location just north of the Encore casino. Weekends nights will have lines out the door so prepare to wait 30min or longer. One thing I've noticed is that Adobada and Al Pastor is the same thing. Everything here leans towards the saltier side and Asada didn't have flavor either. Maybe we came here on a off night, but for the value and location you can't beat El Gordo. But if you have a car go off strip and try other taco shops. They do hand roll their tortillas."}, {"review_id": "pghETpyrfviLJC1Kz9OYPA", "user_id": "Ekw7wuUTX36BtcPP6XnA-Q", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/6/2018", "text": "Came here based on a recommendation from a friend.  It was a pretty good experience and wouldn't hesitate to try again.  I was a little bummed that the selection of meats was limited.  I guess you live and learn.  I had the choice of beef or pork as the other meats had already sold out.  Chose the pork and had three tacos with all the trimmings.  Service was pretty quick and food was good.  Wish you were able to get some chips or another side but hey it's a good taco stand.  I would come back if I was in the area just to try the other meat options."}, {"review_id": "m8puqOmCFx_dgW9DNVwJrw", "user_id": "LjVk0FjIsERqmjfJQR48zg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/9/2018", "text": "This is probably my favorite taco place of all times. I've been to one in SD and when I found out there was one in Las Vegas, I just had to come. Just in just before lunch time but there was a good amount of crowd. I can tell this place probably gets crazy crowded during the peek lunch time so be aware! As far as tacos go, you can't go wrong with their al pastor! & of course they have other selection of tacos such as asada, lengua, tripas, suadero etc. They have great selection of fries and quesadillas if you aren't feeling tacos. I crave this place at least once a week so I'm so happy I found this place. A solid 5 stars for friendly service, clean restaurant and amazing tacos!They're open till 4am?! Can't be mad at that"}, {"review_id": "JklppCsrWi2AlIuc3UuIUg", "user_id": "icA8jfZqyCvHSdOgW7baYA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/18/2018", "text": "Hands down the best tacos I have ever had, the al pastor is in fact one of the best things I have tasted in my entire life. As you wait in the huge line you will see a beautiful spit of seasoned pork rotating gently around a vertical grill. The meat is glistening and popping with spices and fat. The artist serving you your taco toasts the tortillas on a flat bed under the al pastor to soak up all the juicy drippings, before shaving a giant portion of heavenly pork into your taco. If you are wise, you will ask for all the toppings, so that you get a healthy dose of both the green and red salsa, and fresh veggies. Top with lime juice  and enjoy!"}, {"review_id": "zV65dyD29LIS9ecZryL0cA", "user_id": "u6Rb0yrjDvYpAFOgXL8WXQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "I'm usually not a fan of tacos and I never crave Mexican food, but tacos el gordo has me craving them like crack! When I first tried them, my friends brought it back to the hotel after a long night of clubbing and they tasted SO AMAZING. I wasn't sure if it was because we were super hungry and drunk, but I tried them again a couple of vegas trips later while SOBER and they were just as good as the first time! There is always a line out the door here even if it's not after clubbing hours. They have various stations here that form different lines for different meats you want. For ex: Lengua, asada, etc will be in one line and al pastor, pollo etc will be in another line. This gets tricky if you're here by yourself because the lines are so long that your food will get cold jumping from line to line.If you happen to be here by yourself, ask them to cover your order in foil before you hop to the next line. There is a good amount of seating here, but they are always packed. These tacos are a bit on the pricey side, but for food on the strip it's what you would expect.Their food is cooked FRESH you can see them slicing the al pastor and chopping up carne asada. I seriously eat about 6 tacos by myself because it's so good! My favorite is the al pastor and carne asada. Both meats are super flavorful, you don't need to top it with red or green sauce like at other taquerias. HIGHLY recommend you try this place at least once during your vegas trip. It's located in a plaza on the right side at the very end of the strip past Encore & Wynn."}, {"review_id": "EbXgx8HCrn656GmdXw_Ufg", "user_id": "M4tyqwsqBRXKAasRrFAD7w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/19/2018", "text": "This place is so bomb!!! And the workers are usually nice when I come here. The only bad thing is, it's really hard to come here during lunch time or after club hours because that's when it's the busiest. Came here yesterday for a quick lunch, which turned into a rushed one. I was in line for the al pastor for about 30 minutes, & I only had an hour to eat. So I had to rush with eating just so I would have enough time to drive back to work. Overall, their food and horchata are delicious! So it's worth it if you're not in much hurry"}, {"review_id": "Gnj2FvkKja437WdCM8H5tQ", "user_id": "Gx6jqH80H9-WpYjUdyj0RA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/25/2018", "text": "After hearing all of the rave reviews about this place, my boyfriend and I finally had a chance to come. We also had the great fortune of coming on a Sunday night in February -- there's still a line to order, sure, but it was not nearly as long as this place is known for. For a newcomer, the ordering system can be confusing. Basically, there's four places around the open kitchen where you can order. Order directly from the cook. Once the food is prepared, take your tray to the cashier in the corner and pay. That part of the process seems to take less time, but, with only one cashier on duty, you're bound to wait a while. Have someone in your group save seats, if possible. It was chaotic enough for us, so I can't even imagine how it is during the summertime. This eatery offers tacos, quesadillas, carne asada fries, mulas, tostadas and sopes. Don't expect fish, shrimp or chicken here. This place strictly serves pork and beef. I get it -- Tacos El Gordo wants to stay genuine and traditional.   Interested patrons do need to know that the menu is limited, though, in case that's a dealbreaker. We ordered the lengua (beef tongue) taco, the quesadilla with meat, the carne asada (steak) taco and the spicy pork taco -- all for $12. Everything was delicious, but the spicy pork taco was definitely the favorite of the meal. Love the sauce it comes with, too. No idea when I'd have enough patience to come back in the months to come, but I'll absolutely try to. This place is worth it, and so are the prices."}, {"review_id": "LHHSyV_VSlwq1A-ripBpwQ", "user_id": "gMvTe2Vm4-l79jH3apmbog", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/23/2018", "text": "One of my only memories of my last trip in Vegas was my friend shaking me awake in bed saying we need to get some tacos. Wait, did she just say al pastor? I jump out of bed, throw on whatever clothes were hanging out of my suitcase, and brush my teeth for a shorter amount of time that the American Dental Association would have preferred (9/10 of them can agree). We decide to Uber it from the Aria because, at that point, nothing was getting in the way of me and these tacos.Except when we get in and see the chaos of the lines here. There's a different line for different meats (just like in SD), so strategy is important here. I decided to line up in the adobada line and she posted up for the asada. We ended up with a king's feast of 6 adobada tacos, 1 adobada mula, 2 asada tacos, and 1 adobada fries. Given that I'm basically twice my friend's size, it was easy to say that I had to finish most of that. We struggled with the fries in the end, but decided to secede given our valiant effort and that I wanted to make it alive to work the next day. As for the taste of the food... the adobada here is excellent. Not the best I've had, but the salsas here make up for it. The fries here will cure any hangover you throw at it, but don't try to be a hero and order it alongside your food. We decided to walk back to our hotel to try to work off all that we ate, but I doubt we even put a dent in our caloric surplus."}, {"review_id": "SeR13BMccg-2tjhmsjGWxg", "user_id": "Vjne5WFuzWsDKP9Zk0JLiA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/19/2018", "text": "They definitely have an interesting way of service. There are multiple different lines depending on the type of meat you want to get. So let's say if you want al pastor and carne asada then you have to wait in two separate lines. Then once you get your food, you go to the front counter and pay. I came in around 3pm on a Sunday. The security guards were managing the lines and told us to go to a certain line for al pastor. After about 15 minutes of waiting, we were next but the guy said he ran out of meat and told us to wait in a different line. We had to start waiting in a new line for al pastor and ended up waiting another 20 minutes. We ordered 8 al pastor tacos with pineapple for about $20. Watching the beautiful seasoned pork turn on the vertical grill was one thing, but eating it was another. The fresh corn tortillas are toasted in all the juicy drippings from the al pastor. I asked for pineapple with my tacos and I loved it as it added a refreshing taste from all the fatty oil on the tacos. Overall, El Gordo is definitely worth the wait. If you're passing by then stop by if you want a cheap bite to eat, but be prepared to wait over 30 minutes!"}, {"review_id": "Tq4CAalL2pELs1e8aM9uBQ", "user_id": "fFFTeVrZfTWuvbJXNKb-vQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "I have been waiting to visit this place for a while We walked in and a lady explained how the three different lines work but we were still confused and started with one of course we picked the wrong one which was ok, we went to the middle one which was the steak we wanted but I wanted French fries too and the third line was so slow we waited 10 minutes and our tacos were already cold so I left to get into another line to pay It was not to busy The meat was kind of tough and ok So my experience was just ok Nothing special"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/tacos-el-gordo-las-vegas-2?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]