[[{"review_id": "qbuFdye_6EMN7J2jF670Iw", "user_id": "81_MIejFm7uPfmkCuT4zhQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "Have you been to an Egg & I? If not, then run (don't walk) or drive to this location right away! I am a Las Vegas local who brings all her guests her. My mom, who is 72, said this is the best omelet she has ever had in her life. And she has had a lot of omelets. Traditional and unique breakfast foods.The staff is always helpful and friendly."}, {"review_id": "KAaBoM4B7vS-e6KBN-90_Q", "user_id": "g3aAuIW4CTCrCyOhXH1WpA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "Ohh my gosh, this place is amazing . I always get the large fruit platter and it was by far the BEST fruit I've had from a breakfast spot . Literally EVERYTHING here is delicious. You could throw a dart on the menu and be satisfied no matter what it is . Sometimes there is a wait, but well worth the wait . If you're visiting Vegas or living there , you HAVE to come here at least once..or a few several times ."}, {"review_id": "iXJr0pY6ZRpNqbyFlxqNDQ", "user_id": "SZS6J_3cJeIINZraTtuz3g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "YES!!! Another winner Yelpers!DOG FRIENDLY!! Outside (just bring your jacket no heater but hey this is vegas you only have to worry bout that for 4 months?? Lol)TRY THE BANANA NUT MUFFIN!!! Its the lightest yet moist banana nut muffin.. I was so sold I bought the loaf $7.39 with tax for one ( I bought 4 lol for pasalubong (souvenirs .. ppl bring keychains I bring food ).  Use the free banana nut check coupon yelpers!!THE MENU is ridiculous!  EGGSTRAVAGANZA (lol yup went there).. so many choices and you still have options to go lighter or low carb.  Want to go back to try their Hawaiian Menu (heard their Haole Loco Moco is the one to try)Prime Rib Eggs Benny -  yummy diced cut prime rib (not chewy) well seasoned without being salty , I normally like hollandaise on the side but they forgot but I didnt mind as their hollandaise was really good.  Eggs cooked perfectly! Sauteed spinach went really well to balanced out all the richness .  The croissant was really good but got soggy fast! Cornbeef Hash - was homemade but didnt have the extra to make it standout .  Recommend to get the chicken and chorizo hash instead.THE POTATOES!!! - Habla Diablo seasoning which isn't spicy .. basically salt,  paprika, garlic seasoning habladiablo.com/product/…SOOOO NICE AND CRUNCHY TOO !! So ONO!!!Coffee was great- medium light (not bitter) they leave your a carafe at the table.SERVICE - Excellent Manuela was great very friendly and kept checking on us.  Everyone working there were super friendly."}, {"review_id": "iihzeZ0aqiryv3x_e2LRVA", "user_id": "tfWUtzR5xbNDEhICd0H8fg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "I fell in looooove with this place, food was soo good and sooo cheap! They have options where you can ask for your food to be cooked with cooking spray instead of I guess oil. You can opt out for egg whites instead, add veggies to anything. It was just refreshing to have those options on paper, I usually feel annoying when i ask for all those changes on my food. Wish I lived closer, I'd come weekly. DO TRY THEIR CARROT CAKE LOAF AND BANANA NUT MUFFIN!! To die for!!!!"}, {"review_id": "MTKFzq6eM7s5pFpxDoEk6Q", "user_id": "WkpM7fIqTjyszlMsUn0giQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "Brunch on a Wednesday and it was hopping!  We got a seat for 2 almost immediately, but every table was full!  We ordered a carafe if orange juice while looking over their huge menu.My sister and I shared the bacon French toast and let me tell you, it was so yummy that we finished the half order before our entree arrived.  The warm French toast was accompanied with a bacon type butter and whipped cream.  I thought about the diet I was supposed to be on, but only for a nano second.I ordered a breakfast sandwich on a brioche bun.  It was filled to the max with thinly sliced ham, egg, and American cheese with a side of potato.  Presentation was good, potatoes has their own spice on it and it was delish!!  My sandwich was a little dry so had to ask for some mayo.  My sister had the chili omelette and it also had a side of potatoes.  Her chili was good, and both orders had a large amount of food.  Overall her omelette was good and she also said that the potatoes was very good.  Overall food was good and prices reasonable.Service from entering the restaurant to serving us to paying the bill was great.  Our waitress was attentive, professional, and checked in on us throughout our meal.  Would definitely come back when in Vegas."}, {"review_id": "8ecAWjskjBnPmjz3yQ-o3w", "user_id": "_jqTa-3-fqmBxnkANJHtFw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/19/2018", "text": "We came on a Friday morning at 10am and waited only about 10 minutes. There is a private parking lot but its not huge so it's tough to find a spot during the busier hours.Check in to get a complimentary banana nut muffin! We really liked it; it was moist and tasty. They seem to be really popular among locals so make sure you get a taste! Also, shout out to our waitress Karla; she was super attentive and friendly!A couple tidbits: they have a dog friendly patio, they have an egg-shaped thing on each table that you can flip when you need something from the waiter which is really convenient, you pay your bill at the front of the restaurant, and they sell pre-packaged containers of their seasoning at the front. Speaking of the seasoning, I ordered the works omelette ($11.99) which was delicious and meaty which is just the way I like it but the star of the show was BY FAR the potatoes. They're so flavorful, addicting, and just seasoned so well. They're cut into small pieces so they're crispy and there's a ton of flavor packed in every bite. I couldn't stop myself from eating them and I constantly found myself thinking, \"These are some damn good breakfast potatoes, probably the best I've ever had.\" Some people might not like how it's seasoned so much, but I loved it.This is now my go-to breakfast place in Vegas. It's not on the strip and would require a drive but it's worth for those potatoes."}, {"review_id": "DQbm_w8rXRSMux5rAjN3iw", "user_id": "bI0lvh1gm7lcI3nOrQTc7w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "All the breakfast spots on the strip were super busy and pricey . After a quick Yelp search and 10 min uber ride, we landed here. Located in a small plaza with other businesses . Medium size parking lot in front . Came on a Friday morning and there was an approximate 15 min wait. When you go inside to check in, they ask if you want indoor / outdoor or whatever is first. They get your phone number and will text you when they are ready. Out door seating is along the street side under an overhang so it's covered in shade. Inside has the diner feel to it. Service was super friendly. Got sat inside which was nice and cool. So many good items on the menu . There was a free banana nut muffin upon check in which was so good! I decided to go with the spam , eggs and rice! Sooo good and the pineapple on the side was perfect !"}, {"review_id": "m0HNKNjXOX4l8v9lSshQIw", "user_id": "AN9y_ctlxODtNOhwk2mx-Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/23/2018", "text": "We came here to eat breakfast. I found it on Yelp. There's a parking lot in front as we pulled up. When we entered, we were seated by the hostess. She sat us in the back. Our nice and kind waitress was Karla. She was super sweet and friendly. I ordered an orange juice and the island style plate which consisted of choice of spam or Portuguese sausage. I went with spam, eggs over easy and came with two scoops of white rice. The most simple breakfast I have had. It fulfilled my cravings for spam. I love fried spam. I literally scarfed my food down because I was so hungry. I accidentally tipped my orange juice on the table and Karla kindly cleaned it up and gave me a new orange juice. Thanks Karla! Service was excellent by our waitress Karla and the rest of their crew that works for them! I even got to sample the potatoes and corn beef hash and it was fresh and delicious! I definitely loved the breakfast. My daughter had fruit loops cereal and a muffin. Each of us received a chocolate muffin. This was hot and delicious. Very moist. So glad we came here. Definitely worth it!"}, {"review_id": "-1bqIMc-k_SxgJmb_hGymQ", "user_id": "_5cskuF6D4V9ipUFO6PQKQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/3/2018", "text": "We arrived at 10am on a Friday and it was packed. We were given a 20-25 minute wait for a party of two. The waiting space inside is really small so you go in and give the hostess your name and their app will text you when your table is ready. Then wait outside for your own sanity and fresh air. Once you are seated, they give you the cutest menu because it looks like newspaper. This whole place has a very homey vibe. There is a good mix of locals who know all the waiters and tourists who are overwhelmed with the menu (me). Our wonderful waitress, Karla, suggested that I got the Chipotle Pork Eggs Benedict and I was so glad I listened! But I'm not here to talk about that. I'm here to talk about their breakfast potatoes. They are THE BEST, crispiest, best seasoned breakfast potatoes I've had! They are cut into small crispy bites and are so well seasoned I almost burst my stomach trying to finish them all. All in all, there are so many damn delicious things on this menu. I doubt you can try them all even if you went every day. I'd definitely recommend it if you're in the area."}, {"review_id": "r_ypGevjTfMeXTgdjy0tyw", "user_id": "RgWJJ0oUdszw2qjkTud07Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "This place is low key. And it's worth for you to drive away from the strip. Very friendly waitress, local & country style breakfast. NoMake sure you check-in for the banana muffin. Very good muffin that still hot when they served it to you.Blackened Prime Ribs Benny Veggie Benny (add mushroom) Both are great. So much flavor but not too heavy. Perfect portion for 1 person. I personally love the veggie Benny a lot. Light and healthy! I'm so glad that I ask to add the mushroom, makes all the flavor even better."}, {"review_id": "kwURspqe0lEw-IbeKXLq3g", "user_id": "fxLuB8BFXINKen1uOomyUw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/11/2018", "text": "Love coming to Egg & I. They have so much variety on their menu & the food is delicious with generous sized portions. Don't even get me started with the banana nut muffin! They also sell it in loaves. The only thing is..seating is crowded inside, have to be careful about space since the tables are so close together to accommodate long list of customers and the parking isn't the best. Service is hit ormiss especially when busy but they do move fast!"}, {"review_id": "nuIVfeeOphCVXzB0ygG8Xg", "user_id": "uso43PtZRUPcYxgxs12U1g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/7/2018", "text": "Always a wait, 20 min to 60 min, but always worth the wait. There is a reason why this breakfast restaurant finds itself on all the online lists of places to eat in Las Vegas, it is delicious! Mainly, the habla diablo seasoned potatoes. Order a skillet, and these potatoes will be nestled among your skillet choices. You won't find these anywhere else, and they are worth ordering! They sound spicey, but they aren't too bad, they just have a slight kick with the seasoning, but nothing that is going to make your mouth run hot.I have tried several other dishes, and they are all great, but don't stand out much above other top breakfast places. The portions are nice sized, and you are going to get your American breakfast standard fare, no weird or fancy twists to the meals you know and love. They do have mimosas.The ambiance is not my favorite. It is bright and the tables are pretty close to each other. The walls have farming murals painted on them, but it's not the most comfortable dining experience. The chairs and tables are pretty old and slightly worn.The service has, on average, been quick and good, though not the most attentive. They have an easy fix for that though, as they have a cute little egg character that you can switch it's expression from happy to sad if you need anything, and someone will stop by very quickly."}, {"review_id": "gAT-l30AvmUkAEobBR6IYA", "user_id": "7-Kn9kEpljvw7VLKJnb0RA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "I've been trying to eat here several times when I come to Vegas. Finally, I was able to indulge!! The wait wasn't as long as the line outside. However the picture may not show justice because I devoured it. Very good breakfast and nice portions!"}, {"review_id": "hxmTVnNv4kMQ7VHuEmennQ", "user_id": "keBv05MsMFBd0Hu98vXThQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/4/2018", "text": "This is a the staple breakfast and lunch spot in Las Vegas. I had  Traditional Benny and the Veggie Benny. Both we really good. This place the best breakfast potatoes. Pretty much all there breakfast items a great. They also have breakfast cocktails.  Some of the best omelets in town too. There is a patio for the warmer months. Definitely a great local spot! We will be back really soon.  I very much recommend this for you foodies and breakfast people.  Great prices and amazing service too.  Out server Mike was very polite and quick while taking care of us and several other people."}, {"review_id": "Nr-5owsZbNxHXs4g_3eoyw", "user_id": "PkRfEgPKmtsaszOOYj2Fug", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "Everytime I'm in Las Vegas I have to come here to have their breakfast it's so good just have to bethere early to beat the long lines"}, {"review_id": "IYIuIzLAuWdJS-t0e7Mihw", "user_id": "bI6K69Ib14ocvdMWvV1UBg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/21/2018", "text": "Egg & I is a wonderful brunch restaurant with great service and an extensive menu. It feels very family-owned here, and the egg logo is just so cute. The restaurant is pretty large so it was great for our group of 10.+BACON & SLICED AVOCADO OMELETTE: This is a gigantic portion, which makes sense because it's made with four large eggs. While the potatoes are really delicious, I opted to switch it out with cottage cheese (weird, I know). I just knew the potatoes would be way too heavy for me along with the bread, which comes pre-buttered! Tastes delicious with the various jams already at the table.  +BANANA MUFFIN: Check in so you get the free, super tasty muffin. It's delicious and moist. (Maybe not for people who don't like the banana flavors.)The service here is incredibly friendly. With a group of 10, it can get kinda hectic and things can be forgotten, but that didn't seem to be the case. We also were easily able to ask for more muffins (because deliciousness). There's also this egg flipping signage to let the staff know if you need anything. We didn't put this to use and they checked in on us anyway.All in all, Egg & I is such a great brunch place with delicious food in great quantities. Love the atmosphere!"}, {"review_id": "bCTZYFUoQQ8C6udl8IXoBA", "user_id": "aFJe6XYR8IIifE8Tusmokw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/20/2018", "text": "Very good breakfast joint! Came here one morning while visiting family that live in Vegas. Egg & I is in a little shopping area, but it's still really easy to find. When we got there it looked like it was a pretty popular place, our wait was about 30-minutes but we ended up getting seated within 15-20 minutes.Our waitresses were very friendly. Made good recommendations for everyone, and made frequent check ups on us. The food was great!! I ordered the country fried steak. It was cooked just right, and the gravy was very flavorful. Overall, very good experience, and I would definitely go back on my next trip to Vegas!! If you're not winning at the casinos, you'll definitely win at Egg & I!!"}, {"review_id": "biViIuWdEguvStuYrf_rvQ", "user_id": "3HSmHE-FQZ7b2kyfa1e64A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/8/2018", "text": "On New Year's Eve morning on 12/31/2017 during my New Year's weekend vacation in Vegas, I visited to this anticipated local diner called, \"Egg & I.\" Egg & I serves the customers of all ages to taste their finest quality American diner cuisines from breakfast to lunch every 365 days a year! The atmosphere is very calming and active as I welcomed there. The concept is much like visiting to a local American diner although it has a country feel decors across the whole interior room especially their outdoor patio too.The employees here from servers, hosts and cookers are doing a great job for making the customers like me a tremendous friendly service despite the busiest environment. No cons.Now onto the food! I ordered the Works Omelette with a side of country fried potato cube-lets. As I ate it, that omelette tasted very good! The fillings inside from proteins (i.e. ham) plus assortments of fresh veggies both tasted flawless and elegant! It seasoned very well and neatly both inside and outside of the omelette's eggs. Also, the country fried potatoes worked as a charm. It baked and cooked properly well without being overbaked. Finally, I did tried their signature baked goods item: the Banana Nut muffin, and as a result, it tasted outstanding! It baked fresh and warm which I did felt and ate the nutty banana flavors of that muffin! Yummy!There's plenty of parking spaces available, so you can park anywhere you want near or far. If it gets busy, you can bike, walk, carpool, ride sharing or public transportation easier without the hassles and gimmicks.In the end, Egg & I is the most amazed and interstellar local American style diner restaurant that I've ever visited and discovered all thanks to my Yelp app while hanging out in Vegas. Perfect for friends and family gathering! A well received! My rating: 4 1/4 stars."}, {"review_id": "4AVKMGvE2BJFZXYlLiaz5Q", "user_id": "ZTkuKoOt2vp584A-8hDvBA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/23/2018", "text": "Neighborhood feel, huge menu, giant portions, good prices. This gem isn't far from the Strip and has tons of parking! They were hopping but we only waited about 25 minutes for a table. The free muffin with Yelp check-in was delicious and warm - more like a yummy and soft banana bread. I opted for a biscuits and sausage benny and my partner got the cordon bleu skillet. Both meals were served fast and hot. Potatoes were crispy and seasoned and eggs cooked perfectly. I loved having the option to pick a flavored coffee creamer, too. This place knows what they're doing and they're doing it well. Would return and recommend for a hearty Vegas breakfast!"}, {"review_id": "lz3R0UeHR748XG0GxCrglg", "user_id": "SQL0GPqhRrqKc-1jYMPLhQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "This place is awesome. The food is delicious. They are kid friendly and pet friendly. The service is excellent. One of the best customer service I had in awhile and the environment is relaxing and they make you feel at home."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/egg-and-i-las-vegas?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]