[[{"review_id": "4tnj4zMCrwyw6FgWlERhsA", "user_id": "-GSFkXhQu2OLmqUNmT60bQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "This Gen is far better than the one in Cerritos California Our server Dakota was THE BEST! Besides being attentive he made sure our food servings never ran out This place is a must try and definitely ask for Dakota he will take care of you!"}, {"review_id": "1wslKNuXFhrCIbve-s54sw", "user_id": "vWP8-aQX0rYJszqkWVL7Ew", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "Gen Korean BBQ always hits the spot. It's a shame there isn't a location near me. I could be wrong but I think they offer the most items of any AYCE Korean BBQ businesses in the valley. 36 items!!! That's a lot. There's no way I could order 36 items and finish them but I'll give it a try if anyone wants to put some money on it. They have it all sirloin steak, beef and pork bulgogi, short ribs, various pork bellys, brisket, pork chops, chicken, shrimp, calamari, tongue, Korean fried chicken, octopus, intestine, and so on. Just check out their menu. They also have dessert and alcohol but they're extra. Everything is good here the food and the service. The only knock on them is the music is cranked up way too loud. I get it that's the type of atmosphere they want but at lunch on a weekend you could take it down a little can't you!? I'd be back for sure."}, {"review_id": "5lgAl9WtnAOv1bA6ZP_LZg", "user_id": "qy47UXcmGYsPhDSc6iHWPA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/27/2018", "text": "We usually go early (before 6pm) to ensure that we get a table and not be stuck in line.  We have been here about 4 time and it has improved each time - esp. the service.Here is our breakdown:1 - Environment.  Very spacious and plenty of room.  The seats are comfortable for parties of 6 or less.  For parties that are greater than 6, you most likely be sitting in separate tables.  If I recall, they have booth seating instead of individual table seating.  Overall, it is comfortable and nicely laid out.  I give this a solid 4.2.  Service.  Like I said, service has improved each time.  We were here when they were opened a few months.  Let's say service was horrid.  However, they have gained more experience, quality of the servers have improved, and response time have dramatically changed for the better.  It went from a 1 star to about 3.5.3.  Food.  I wish there were more side dishes.  However, there is still enough of a variety.  The quality of meat are average (you aren't going to a five star restaurant) but still very good.  We spend much of our time ordering Galbi, Bugolgi, and Beef tongue (very good by the way).  One of the things they could improve upon is to have a dessert menu as part of the AYCE.  We give this a solid 4 for the type of restaurant and variety of meats.Overall, we enjoy dining here.  It is definitely one of our go to places for Korean BBQ in Las Vegas... esp.  AYCE!"}, {"review_id": "twNH06epwp7eNSAeYSMd6w", "user_id": "seGYMEYsw6F_H33Md1E1dA", "rating": 1.0, "date": "5/9/2018", "text": "I'm not sure I can ever get used to dealing with Ron meet at the table where you're actually eating the meat when it's finally cooked not a pleasant dining experience for meVery concerned with cross contamination"}, {"review_id": "VxmeDUT7F5cDJY5M_TJNMg", "user_id": "Jbd1x8jj3EgOkQMZ3RImKw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/28/2018", "text": "The convenient location in Henderson and the affordable price make Gen one of the top choices for a hungry carnivore like myself. Even though they recently raised the AYCE price a dollar (dinner $21.99), everyone including the light eaters in my family, can still get value for the cost.We avoided the location probably the first 6 months after opening because it was so busy, but now we hardly ever have to wait, even at peak times. You can either sit in a booth in the dining area as soon as you walk in, or at a high top in the dining area to the right. Both areas are dimly lit with fluorescent blue lamps providing most of the illumination. Service has been consistently good for us with an occasional server that isn't with the program yet.There were recent menu changes with some additions and subtractions. You'll still get the regular unlimited banchan served in small dishes with an order of salad and jap chae waiting for you when you are seated. The number of meats available has been condensed, but with 36 items, there is still a sufficient amount to find the ones of your liking. Just order by number, and within two or three minutes you'll start receiving your meats once the server enters them on the their ordering pad. Cooking your own meat is something I've become less a fan of because it takes a serious chunk out of your eating time, especially when you come with two or three other hosses that'll clear the grill before you can say, \"save me some pork belly.\"The premium steak (#1), chadol (brisket, #4), signature galbi (#10), premium pork belly (#18), Korean fried chicken (#29), and shrimp (#31) usually kick off the feast for us. While not the highest quality meat I've had compared to other joints, there aren't too many AYCE places where I can fill up for a better price."}, {"review_id": "WRlu2TVbGCmmHa5wAdbmLA", "user_id": "e6FGtUMpBp18xfZOmpbw8w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/13/2018", "text": "5.0 StarsLocation Overview: This awesome restaurant can be found at the Sunset Galleria mall. The environment here felt like this high-end place and was great. Customer Service:After living in South Korea for several years it is so great to come back to the US and see places like this live up to the food that I miss from the motherland. Being that a good friend had never eaten at a place like this we had the waitress explain how it works. The staff was more than attentive. Quality/Quantity:The quality and quantity was so on point and I left way more full and happy.Side Notes:Expand your horizon's and check this awesome place out."}, {"review_id": "7xWaoO485V4TOzuEhXY87g", "user_id": "TuVBOrxNNkmlyqYif_BNlQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/23/2018", "text": "This place is amazing! The brisket is my favorite but everything is really good. We tend to only order beef or pork because chicken takes too long and when you have a med size party no one likes to wait for food to be cooked :) Our server's name was Greg. He was a young kid and was so accommodating. His service was impeccable and we were a pretty needy table. He definitely made our time last night enjoyable. Unfortunately, he had to leave and another waitress served us and wasn't the best. We waited 15 minutes for her to even come and introduce herself and had no food to cook so we were just waiting. Then we waited another 15 minutes for the food to come out. I wasn't too bothered but what really got me upset is we told her it was someones birthday and if they can sing and she completely spaced out and forgot so it never happened. :(Nonetheless, food is great!"}, {"review_id": "Gu1kQVzDBfK1xa2dyZNLLg", "user_id": "MghRQ6h95OSD5so41-SPBA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/27/2018", "text": "Gen in Henderson has to be the best AYCE Korean BBQ spot in Vegas. It's a relief that a large restaurant chain like this can provide quality at such an incredible price. I was hesitant at first, but I am now a believer.To start off, we were informed of a 45 minute wait time. No problem. Like a lot of other restaurants, you write down your name and phone number and they'll let you know when your table is ready. We decided to check out the mall. After working up an appetite, we received a text that our table would be ready soon. We skidaddled back to the restaurant and our table was prepared within 10 minutes. Upon arriving at our table, I noticed how everything was neatly placed: the plates, sauces, chopsticks, the cooking utensils, the salad, and the banchan. And let me tell you a thing about the banchan (those complimentary side dishes). It's some good quality tasty stuff and we ended up ordering a whole 'nother round of it during the middle of our meal. It's a shame that most of the diners eating around us weren't even touching it. The meats were all of decent quality. We started off with the Gen Premium Chadol and the beef tongue. Both thinly sliced cuts of meat. I'd have to say the beef tongue edged out on the chadol this time around. Next, we had the beef bulgogi and their signature galbi. I have to say they're both the best AYCE variants within their respected categories. Galbi is my absolute favorite K-BBQ meat, and they totally did it right. So much so that I ordered another serving towards the end of the meal. Finally, we ended it with the premium steak and spicy baby octopus. The steak was literally a whole slab of beef. We cut the excess fat, and it paired well with the salt mix that was provided to us. Just don't overcook it! The spicy baby octopus could have been really good if it weren't for the excessive amount of sauce that was lathered on the dish. It was still tasty for what it was and I thought the octopus was juicy and tender. The only thing I was disappointed with was that the server didn't bother to replace the grill top throughout our meal. It became a charred mess by the end. Other than that, our server was on top of it. And even though the atmosphere sort of felt like a nightclub, the food was so good that it didn't bother me. I'll definitely be coming back, and I think I just found my new go-to Korean barbecue place."}, {"review_id": "B0VGXQsTuxIk1uPb906INw", "user_id": "r0ULvHwcHEoahqlVTyIJJQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "We ate everything. It was SO GOOD. Our favorites were the Gen beef bulgogi, beef tongue and Gen signature Galbi (short ribs).... everything was delicious & it was a wonderful dinner experience with fantastic service by Dakota. We'll be back!"}, {"review_id": "rRfOzSSgFjcY37zUg951Yw", "user_id": "E9yRSEtayhAKwnje3B4lDA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/25/2018", "text": "We loved this place! It totally satisfied my love of high protein, low carb meals. The price was very reasonable for the unlimited amount of meat and shrimp options to choose from. A delicious leafy green salad was brought to our table. Our servers (we had two) took very good care of our group of 8. Cooking our own food on the grill was fun! Overall, we were very pleased with our experience at Gen (Galleria Mall Henderson location)"}, {"review_id": "rWCZDyjujVceXaZlwePdRA", "user_id": "4iIvkUBSF_bP3YbHjgs39w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "I always enjoyed Gen BBQ. The food and enviornment is always pleasant! Its yakiniku style and you can prepare the food to your taste!"}, {"review_id": "sQ1Tfx3UWjGM8uIsn2JnNw", "user_id": "Ggx8iUdJ7lsQSqXRuclXtg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/26/2017", "text": "This Las Vegas location is great!Gen Korean BBQ is basically the same everywhere... from Honolulu to Cerritos, and Rowland Heights... the service is cheerful and helpful!  The menu and rules are similar - two hour time limit; order four meats at a time; and finish the meats or get charged for the leftovers.  The main difference here was the free and plentiful parking at the Galleria Mall in Henderson; there was no wait; and there was no loud music!  My cousins, mom, auntie, sister, and I were able to have great conversation while we cooked our own food!  We had a great time catching up and talking about all of the dishes!  They enjoyed the Marinated Beef (with the slice of pineapple on the top) the best. It was tender, flavorful and quick to cook.  The banchan, rice, and sauces complimented our meats well.  We got refills easily!  The boy cousins got the Spicy Baby octopus and Cajun shrimp - they ate everything!  We got two of the three extra items that are served at dinner only - tongue and the previously named Hawaiian Steak (yangyum galbisal).  Delicious!Out of seven of us, only two people had been to a Gen before this dinner.  Everyone got their fill at a reasonable price ($20.99 plus tax and tip) and had a wonderful experience!  Mahalo to all of the employees who were so patient with my auntie and mom!  They were happy that they didn't have to cook!"}, {"review_id": "x4ODE3H-h0xbkah1K2ypHw", "user_id": "HH7VzcNn3jAZ0_J4Xr9JsQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "1/6/2018", "text": "I've been here a good amount of times with friends and family. Heck, I've been here so much that my family knows what we want to order before the waiter asks our drinks. Okay, the breakdown is going to be feeling, service, and food. Should be simple... I hope Feel of the place: I love coming into this place. The color scheme is lovely and the set up is nice. The place gives you a comfy feeling but at the same time, it still feels trendy. It's pretty nice. Service:Now usually I would give this place 5 stars no problem but the service this time made me knock it down. Now I understand that my family and I came in right as you opened. I fully understand that it was still a bit early in the day but don't blame us that you didn't get enough sleep. Our waitress was very moody with us. It was unappreciated, unwarranted, and very off-putting. Sadly, I can't remember the name of our waitress but I implore you to put a smile on if you're dealing with customers first hand. Food: I never have a bad thing to say about the food here. Sad to say that they ran out of things fairly fast. My server said that the kitchen had run out of fish cakes and pork belly. Maybe they hadn't gotten their shipment of supplies in but I hope it doesn't happen next time."}, {"review_id": "q6u1q65pZWzUy4nBUykLDQ", "user_id": "8OshUiDFb7UKNTROmkLjOg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/4/2018", "text": "Giving this restaurant 4 stars. Great environment and atmosphere. They don't take reservations, first come first serve so if you go on a Sat night, expect for a 30-45 Min wait! The staff has always been great, so no complaint in that category! Food is amazing! Shrimps, calamari, steak, etc.. the whole nine! The Dumplings are excellent as well and I'm not much of a salad person but the salad they give out is very good! We had the all you can eat which was about $22 per person and it's free for kids under 3 I believe. Great place give them a try!"}, {"review_id": "smxQfSLp5M3s3nV82sxTuw", "user_id": "Bim-SoK8wItqFC5NqnN_Sw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "10/19/2017", "text": "Dress: casual Drinks: not really a selection Happy hour : none Price wise : Too pricey to cook my own meal .Grill your own food type restaurant! So if you ain't feeling like cooking don't come here !Me and my girlfriend wanted to get some lunch we live by sunset mall so we stopped by very modern and spacious... it was just after 3 PM and we were told that lunch which was $15 all you can eat stopped at 3 PM so we didn't make it on time for that special but dinner was $20 a person we ordered plenty of stuff chicken with cheese fondue we had beef and shrimp among other things the servers were very attentive... You do have to finish all the food or they charge you extra for it so be careful with that if you're not hungry::/..I finished it off with a green tea macaroon !"}, {"review_id": "xesvjvHBSGacgDWNBd0pKA", "user_id": "w23-QR8fPYCqCXuSAYjhtw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "This place is is simply amazing. Food was terrific it was my wifes bday and we didn't think that this place was this good but it was the complete opposite. Staff was extremely nice. I would recommend this place to anyone. My advice go before 3 it starts to get crowded. We had got there around 2. They will give you a 2 hour limit. That's more than enough time. Come eat some good food and have a good time."}, {"review_id": "WgZfJOrOA5jvoczoQmgy1A", "user_id": "KrT4LHYdRt-m1DMPtVKN4w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/3/2018", "text": "We were absolutely shocked when our Korean friend recommended this place to us. It is shocking to see such quality at a mall! The price for an AYCE offering was also quite nice. The service was really friendly and they changed out the grill frequently for us. We had just returned from a trip to Korea so we treated the kids to this after picking us up from the airport.We tried a variety of everything. My husband said the tripe was some of the best he's had. I loved the bulging I and short ribs the best. We also ate a lot of octopus and calamari. My son was fascinated by the firecracker chicken which was a spicy wet rendition of friend chicken we ate in Seoul."}, {"review_id": "dhPJq0sF_75SZrPhpdyZsQ", "user_id": "VDsnV9Xc-akVbJC0hVtAQw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/28/2018", "text": "Gen is probably one of my favorite Korean BBQ places because their selection of meat, their amazing salad and AYCE is a great deal. I'm from Cali and they have several locations out there and I have to say their Vegas location is just as good if not better cause they have great service here. Every time you come in everyone always greets you and I LOVE how large this restaurant is cause there's hardly ever a wait here. Many of the other Korean bbq blacks I've been to are much smaller and only have like 12-15 tables. This place has like at least 30 tables which helps out a lot. Specially on weekends. My favorites are the Beef Bulgogi, Hawaiian Steak and the Beef Brisket. I also like getting the gyoza, the pork fried dumpling  things. Very good. Also I love the salads they're very basic but the dressing makes it amazing. I even get a side of the dressing and dip my meat in it. They have a ton of complimentary sides like kimchi, edamame (which you can order a whole side order of) potatoe salad, Cole slaw, tofu, and more. And these are unlimited as well. Some Korean bbq spots charge you extra for these sides. The strawberry lemonade is amazing btw, probably the best I've ever had right next to Lucille's. This is definitely a great Korean BBQ spot especially if it's your first time, I think you'll have a great experience."}, {"review_id": "QpQRxc30dgq4No3b8MPhIQ", "user_id": "23RNh0i-2Aybj6ZkfwugGg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/26/2018", "text": "Can never go wrong at Gen korean bbq. All you can eat! Prices are great at every location. Celebrating my birthday in Vegas and drive from the linq hotel and casino just to hit the spot. Love it!"}, {"review_id": "uaioWswLiQaSOj9gs_hndA", "user_id": "jn3N7FHv--yLgChbEwpMNw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "AYCE is great and good place to be among friends. 4 people is good. Having a huge group might not be good because it takes a long time to cook your food and waiting is not that great."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/gen-korean-bbq-house-henderson?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]