[[{"review_id": "xv0vCq_l-RxVaWwlL5XBbw", "user_id": "9bZLIEwZsUP262-3bOEsnA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "The Vegas Strip is littered with eateries by famous Food Network and other TV chefs. Some are solely in business due to their name and others stick around because the food can stand alone. This place is the later. The food was thoughtfully prepared, flavorful and absolutely delicious. We came in for brunch and got to taste a view of Chef Bobby's dishes. I got the tostada. The tortilla was crisp and covered with cheese and eggs with a mole sauce and chili drizzle. It had a slight kick. I ordered it with crisp home fries that were served diced and perfectly fried. I would highly recommend this dish for a simple yet flavorful brunch. The rest of the table tried the spicy scramble and the salmon. The spicy scramble wasn't too hot unless you got a pepper in your bite. The salmon was cooked tender. Even at well done, it was very soft. We ended our meal with a sticky toffee pudding. It was a good mix between decadent yet still not too heavy. The thing about this place that's so great is the blend of flavors in each dish. There are so many tasty Tex Mex flavors that are delicious. Check it out in the Caesars casino."}, {"review_id": "QfrcOVL4i-vE104IhtN7uw", "user_id": "vcx_qpTiSNfyxR20Xuh8Rg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "This place is a model of consistency!  We've been going to this restaurant for at least 10 years and it's always amazing.The food is fresh, well seasoned, with a variety of flavors and textures.  Simply delicious and we can't wait to go back!"}, {"review_id": "I6VkL-dHj0eDBsOaLQ8ktQ", "user_id": "lvkYxxAmx3ynSbyrL4tUeQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "This is more a place for the average eater looking for something good than the foodie looking for another place to wow their tastebuds. The food was fine. Service was fine. But by Vegas standards, it was nothing to write home about. The equivalent of going to an Outback Steakhouse. Foodies: there are many other places to go."}, {"review_id": "kxPW0hzek3EwULKUZ6cmGQ", "user_id": "5lhisOo609Mymwf9-4MOlA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/19/2018", "text": "My brother was very excited about coming to Vegas for his 50th. He wanted to come to Mesa Grill. I have to say, I was kind of excited to try Bobby Flay's place even though I know he is not cooking here. I still thought that the quality would be there and the service would be excellent. It was very average at best. The food was OK but certainly not the best Vegas meal. Heck, not even the best meal this weekend. I had the Tuna steak on the pine nut cous cous. My tuna steak was definitely tough on the outside and the cous cous was under cooked. I also ordered the double baked potato and the skin was super burnt. I was disappointed with the food. The service  was what surprised me the most. I told the person seating us that it was my brothers 50th birthday to which he acknowledged. As dinner was ending we told our waitress that it was my brothers birthday. She simply replied, if you order a dessert we will put a candle on it. We did order a dessert and while she was away, another man came up and dropped off the dessert without even a happy birthday or enjoy. The overall experience was neither great nor terribly bad. I would not think I would be interested in visiting again. I am a huge Bobby Flay fan on his TV show but it is not translating to this restaurant. There are a lot of great restaurants in Vegas so coming back would be a tough sell for my family."}, {"review_id": "DfUpxk_lSimHRn-eqGn3tA", "user_id": "8UeZJLoiyJAJvbbTCpIusg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/17/2018", "text": "If you don't know already, this is Bobby Flay's restaurant! Yes from the Food Network Lol So you know I had to try this place out. The menu has soooo many options, you can find Salmon, duck, chicken, baby vale, halibut and more. Very unique and amazing options to choose from. I ordered the pork tenderloin that came with a sweet potato tamale on the side. FYI almost all of the entrees do not come with sides, have to order separately. The tenderloins came out tasty and the sauce complimented it just right. However, I had to ask for a better knife, I was unable to slice the pork...I was having a tougher time than I expected. I thought it should be more moist and soft, it was not. The tamale was dry and the texture was too gritty. No flavor at all, I hate to be harsh but it's true. For an appetizer we ordered the pancake duck, absolutely my favorite! It was moist, a kick of spice, sweet, not fatty at all, and flavored all around just right. It had figs in it too, which was really unique but oh so good. The ambiance was modern, trendy and romantic. Lights semi dimmed which sets the romantic mood. Customer service was great, the waiter came to check on us frequently and was very attentive. I made reservations about 2 hours ahead and got a table without a problem for a party of two. Overall, the place is beautiful, the options on the menu is amazing. I would try it, because, we'll it's Bobby Flay's restaurant lol even though my dish was good, I want to come back and try other options on the menu."}, {"review_id": "slzg-LcorHJrGFi4gkh-Eg", "user_id": "2r4LzNvrPYDsqxeaCVIVIA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "My boyfriend and I came here for a romantic dinner while visiting Vegas.. We were very impressed. It was one of my favorite meals I've ever had!We started with a round of Partida Margaritas that blew us away.. They were the perfect combination of sweet and tart. Next, we had the tiger shrimp and roasted garlic corn tamale. The shrimp were cooked perfectly and the corn tamale had a spicy flavor. They also brought out a basket of cornbread, jalapeño & cheese bread, and raisin bread. All were yummy and a different assortment of flavors!! For dinner, I had the New Mexican Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin. The seasoning was the perfect blend of spicy and the pork was so tender. It was so filling, but I could not stop eating it. The sweet potato tamale that comes with it was also full of flavor. So much goodness.The decor is modern with bright, bold colors all over to match the brand. It is dim, giving it a romantic feel. Our server was great, offering awesome recommendations and checking on us frequently. We made a reservation on Open Table ahead of time, but it wasn't too busy at 6 p.m. on a Sunday. I highly recommend stopping in!"}, {"review_id": "7-hJh89ZZUrm7BK8YIq-ww", "user_id": "0XfMCMZiEF42-W88Wc6maA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/28/2018", "text": "We had high expectations walking into this place and they met everyone of those expectations. I have only one con, it's an open restaurant and the seating is very close to each other and it's very loud. The food and service by far exceeded our expectations. Appetizer: Bread was brought and it was mixed basket of bread with different flavors. We ordered the \"Charred Shishito Peppers\" and it was very good either sauce it came with and it's mild in the spiciness level. Entree: I got the \"Sixteen Spice Chicken\" the mango on top was really good and a tad spicy. The chicken was a good proportion and tasted really well with the garlic mango sauce. The mashed potatoes was a good complimentary item. My fiancé ordered an appetizer \"Tiger Shrimp and roasted garlic corn tamale\" along with a side of \"Cilantro Pesto Mashed Potatoes\" the shrimp was really tasty and well done. She didn't finish the corn tamale. But her favorite was the mashed potatoes. We were absolutely stuffed and passed on the dessert, but we did get two glasses of Rose. It's a pricey restaurant with a more casual atmosphere."}, {"review_id": "UbFldjjEEllQqnavK9w4NQ", "user_id": "IOoR8_05eltJPEvwSDCZjw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/11/2018", "text": "I was staying in Caesar's Palace where the restaurant is located but having been here before was glad to return to  Bobby Flay's restaurant. He is known for southwestern/Mexican flavors.   I didn't need a reservation though suspect one is needed during peak hours.  The tables are a bit close together but I was seated next to some nice folks that I enjoyed talking to and sharing thoughts on the food.  My waitress was very helpful offering me a sampling of the three breads-I particularly liked the corn muffin- and took my drink order.  She recommended the tiger shrimp garlic corn tamale for an appetizer and I was glad I took her recommendation.  It was delicious.  The cilantro sauce was really tasty.  For the entree, I had the grilled mahi mahi that came with creamy green chile rice, yellow pepper mole and cilantroand green chile vinaigrette.  This was another delicious dish.  Service was excellent throughout the meal.  I glanced at the dessert menu that had many tempting items but was too full to partake.  The prices aren't cheap but for the quality of the meal and service, I found it to be very reasonable (wines are 12-19 dollars per glass; appetizers were $12.00, entrees were $33 to $60-higher priced items were the steaks.  Desserts were $12.00.  It was an excellent meal and I hope to go back some other time."}, {"review_id": "pc0RnfvptkQtTvF2cR644w", "user_id": "z_5ZNGoqbVl4cPDQN3GAnQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "It was a pleasure to dine at one of my favorite television chefs's resturant last night. We ordered the Lamb Tacos and BBQ Duck for appetizers and both were absolutely amazing!  While the main course meals were good, I did find a consistent \"under-seasoning\" theme with all of them at our table - Veal , Halibut and Chicken. While the service was good, I feel that our waiters were a bit \"rushy\" despite a later reservation that would typically extent to closing hours. But the final dessert chapter, Bourbon Pecan Torte with Sour Cream Ice Cream, was a surprising flavorful and perfect way to end the night."}, {"review_id": "t5XSuoAEkfGpaJZIEhV4bQ", "user_id": "DC-eUCITuotmQ1Fyl4-Jtg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/19/2018", "text": "Wow is the first word that comes to mind. All of the food explodes with flavor. The tiger shrimp tamales were amazing. I had to get two orders! The bartender was super cool and attentive. The drinks were strong and in good sized glasses. I loved the decorations/theme of the restaurant. The food is very pricy, but well worth it. Next visit to Vegas I'll be back for sure! Yummmmmm."}, {"review_id": "7grYx21XWG9-IxVqXqYUIw", "user_id": "c0E4DZecoNc3WdUqlYgcyw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/27/2018", "text": "We're big fans of Bobby Flay, but hadn't been to a restaurant, and Mesa didn't disappoint! We had some delicious drinks, and the bread was varied, plentiful, and flavorful. We had the queso fundido to start, and it was SO good - best I've ever had. The diverse and complimentary flavors were the biggest theme throughout - everything perfectly worked and was so interesting. We also had the pork tenderloins and the chile relleno. Both were incredible, and the relleno was my favorite. It's very mushroom-forward, which I loved, but my husband didn't like as much. Finally, we ended with the pecan bourbon tart, which went well with the refreshing sour cream ice cream. The service was also very good, and the decor is cool. They were also able to seat us early, which was nice. Definitely one of the best southwestern meals I've had, and Bobby Flay's food lives up to the hype!"}, {"review_id": "S7gGUC0MCzv5gsWqdllKOQ", "user_id": "YSv99mcXUg5siJwzZqDT5A", "rating": 3.0, "date": "1/28/2018", "text": "Very mixed review:They bring a fresh sampler of breads - raisin bread, jalapeño & cheese (my fav!) and Mexican corn bread (did not like at all). Our waiter was kind enough to bring us regular French bread since my dad didn't like the flavored ones. The main dishes do not come with any sides. I recommend the cilantro mashed potatoes and the baked potato (horseradish in baked potato is too overpowering though, maybe ask for no horseradish)We ordered the filet mignon, lamb and salmon. All dishes were fresh and cooked perfectly to our taste. For dessert, we ordered the coconut cake. I took 2 bites and loved it until my mom dug her fork into the other side of the piece and found a long piece of hair. I informed the waiter, who apologized and took it back. He asked if we wanted to look at the dessert menu again. We said no.He did not even offer to bring another piece of hairless coconut cake on the house. How rude for such a pricey restaurant with a well known chef."}, {"review_id": "kHtIFDSV79MPJar3yn7Vlg", "user_id": "G3ro8y7y5U28RZQOpbUgCQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/16/2018", "text": "Our experience at one of Bobby Flay's signature restaurants could have only been better if they had comp'd the entire meal! At the end of it we were happy to pay the bill and add a generous tip as we felt we got more than our monies worth!We were seated immediately having made reservations prior to our trip. Our request to be against a wall and not in the middle of the restaurant was granted, as we were in a corner with a view of the grill area and most of the establishment in front of us. Our waiter Rodil arrived moments after we were seated providing information, water, and guidance with the menu. Turns out he was there as a server from day 1 in 2004. Our appetizer came as advertised, and our dinner choices were excellent. Everything was well cooked, the wine pairing we decided upon almost perfect, and the service impeccable. The small details were all there, our water glasses topped up often with cold water and lots of ice. Our wine was topped up many times, but never too much so that you felt that they were pushing another bottle your way to jack the bill up. Overall our dinner at Mesa Grill was one of our favourite dining experiences to date. They serve brunch and lunch as well. We went for brunch the day after our dinner and were just as impressed by the service, the food and the staff!Five stars well earned. We wish we could add another review of our brunch as it was excellent."}, {"review_id": "rCTF4Rg6Zv0p9ZK_OdU_Hw", "user_id": "tsZ3VfHCiozj7GnX6UzrHg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/23/2018", "text": "The waiter was outstanding, efficient and friendly.We are so pleased we stopped in and tried some of Flay's dishes.We will definitely return and encourage others.I shared my a bit of my appetizer the Tiger shrimp and corn tamale , just delicious . The tamale was moist, perfect. (The portion was small, typically meant  for one person.)Grilled mahi mahi with creamy pesto rice and topped with minced pineapple was outstanding. Highly recommend this entree. There is just enough heat to make this dish sing .The bartender made one of the best vodka gimlets I've had in a while, thank you.Dessert was a bit of a let down in the flavor department and we were very surprised.Spouse chose Flay's rendition of Sticky Toffee pudding, it was lighter than a traditional pudding but too heavy on the anise. I had the banana cream pie, it was deconstructed. A thin Praline wafer \"crust\" on top of a whipped topping and a banana flavored pudding.Banana pudding is definitely challenging to produce rich flavors..... But this tastes a bit like someone merely shouted BANANA into bowl of heavy cream and then presented it....no thank you .The Mesa Grill is adjacent to the Omnia nightclub. This nightclub has a wall covered in Jumbotron sized tv's featuring sports events or whatever act is being featured at the club. The tv's audio were muted during our dining hours of course. It is on the loud side at times.Pick your dining times wisely if you're looking for a quieter interaction."}, {"review_id": "o8XRghXHZVwBWCxCtIwnIg", "user_id": "EH3CPRac0QDAqn3V0QpyhQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/6/2018", "text": "I am a huuuuge fan of Bobby Flay.  I am totally obsessed with the show \"Iron Chef\" on Food Network.  I was in town for my birthday last year and my girls wanted to go to a nice dinner.  The restaurant was beautifully decorated with a South Western style.  The customer service was excellent and our waiter would always check up on us if we needed anything else.  I ordered the steak with side of corn and mashed potatoes.  I love the way they cooked the steak because it had a little burnt crust to it.  I had it medium rare and it was perfect.  The sides were delicious as well! You can't really go wrong with corn and mashed potatoes.  Overall, my experience here was great."}, {"review_id": "LdQGnvwQ_htZB3vDQ2s2BQ", "user_id": "jkBOSB5CBB_omGWIHKCIpg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/15/2018", "text": "I was feeling super meaty so I ordered the 22 ounce Chipotle steak... It was so damn amazing. Cooked perfectly as it was so juicy filled with flavour. The two sauces that it came with added a great touch to this giant beast.In addition, the Margarita was delicious and the jalapeño bread (complimentary) was just so soft and yummy. The lamb tacos were great, just a bit small. The lamb was flavourful. I just wish they put a few less toppings/ sauces on the tacos so I could've enjoyed the lamb more. I was a but disappointed with the peppers, they were nothing special."}, {"review_id": "-RiBK8Wp_-f6WBuMbZmbEw", "user_id": "NVei24-9k5GIZNRR1xGcRQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/5/2017", "text": "Of the 4 nights and 12 meals I enjoyed in Las Vegas recently, the Mesa grill meal was my favorite. It was by no means the most expensive, that honor goes to Joel Robouchon, but the value per tastiness level at Mesa was excellent.  By no means is this restaurant a low priced Mexican joint. The $11 tiny size pumpkin tamale will prove that. Boy, it was a tasty tamale, though. Barbara S. and I had 3 course meals. I drank 2 beers, she had a glass of wine. We dropped $270 before tax and tip. Server was a professional delight. Well informed, smart, engaging and helpful. He served over 8 tables with perfect elan. Dining room is big, crowded, noisy. There are million of restaurants in town, I'd like to discover many of them.  Yet I would return to the Mesa grill. VISA credit card, up my limit."}, {"review_id": "OxGgUWSe4DhM8_bpED9mGg", "user_id": "QBzX-6rc9iQpyU799DmxJQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/18/2018", "text": "First off, no beans ad hats inside the restaurant. As the name brand, food here is great overall as expected. We ordered Mesa burger, spicy chicken+sweet potato hash, crispy bacon+hash brown quesadilla and new Mexican spiced pork tenderloin sandwich. Mesa burger was juicy and tender right to my taste (4.5/5). Spicy chicken+sweet potato hash had an excellent texture, it was moist and creamy. It was very nicely plated (5/5). When I first saw the crispy bacon+hash brown quesadilla in my table, it looked dry and kinda roasted to me. However, that was deceiving as it tasted just the opposite. It was crispy yet bit of a moistness was there (5/5). The last dish new Mexican spiced pork tenderloin sandwich was not to my taste. For my taste, meat was undercooked; I wished they would have asked me how I like my meat. Lots of herbs on this dish; I don't like arugula and all. I know bad order on my part! Not for the herbs but for the meat and overall taste I'd give 2.5/5. By the way, the fries that came with the burger and sandwich was the highlight!! I'm drooling now at the thought of those fries. The chef told us that they use a special spice on their fries which is Bobby Flay's secret recipe and even the chef doesn't know.:) For a restaurant inside Caesar Palace and Bobby Flay's name, imo they are reasonably priced.I must say their service was exceptional. The chef kept checking on us, and made nice friendly conversation with us. Really loved the whole experience."}, {"review_id": "_F3vX_jeov8OZ7F71jGQ9g", "user_id": "-zBKO2ciy5lwUp02ytMYBw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "A really good spot if you're looking for a good lunch in a city with a bewildering number of choices. The relleno was terrific, crispy and quite the best I've had. Although the filing of shittake mushrooms was a bit confusing in this cuisine, it was enjoyable nonetheless. And the service was excellent!!"}, {"review_id": "fEz9i6nYwQICluuxQPLiPg", "user_id": "VDsnV9Xc-akVbJC0hVtAQw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/15/2018", "text": "My boyfriends favorite restaurant at the Cesar's Palace so thought I'd try it out. This place is like a very Americanized Mexican ish restaurant with very bold flavors. A lil upscale, but not too fancy, many people were dressed in normal clothes. It's a lil expensive but a great place to try out. It's not really a family style type of place where you can share a bunch of dishes cause they plates are pretty small. But a great place for a date maybe or a small group. It's a little hard to find, it's located right across from the colosseum and next to the old homestead steakhouse.Let me tell you... the prawns and sweet corn tamale was amazing !!!! It was surrounded by this sweet corn sauce and the shrimp was so delicious. It was an amazing touch of sweet and savoury. $19 bucks for just the 1 tamale as an appetizer but I've honestly tasted any tamale as good as this one before. Next time I'd honestly get like 3 of these and add extra shrimp, it's that good. We also had the shishito pepper appetizer. It was good, we got a few spicy ones. Then for the meal we got the plantain tamale as a side (it's small), corn starch chili regano, and the braised short rib which wasn't on the menu it was a special for the night. Everything was delicious but the sweet corn tamale with prawns was by far my favorite."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/mesa-grill-las-vegas?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]