[[{"review_id": "lJXtIa2SRzLYQqwX3igi8A", "user_id": "I-4KVZ9lqHhk8469X9FvhA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "I discovered this restaurant since we were looking for something to eat after venturing to the doctor at St. Rose. We discovered it by word of mouth, one of the medical assistants told us about it. With the changes that I need to make with my heart diet is a huge part of something that I need to change. We are what we eat, totally. So she commented that we should go to HUMMUS since we were going to do lunch anyways. So here we are.Upon first walking in the restaurant it was a bit overwhelming but the friendly staff helped me with all of my questions. I ended up getting a bowl and made it classic, with lentils and seasonal veggies with garlic sauce. The cashier told me that the garlic sauce was a house favorite and it was wonderful. I was so impressed with the staff and professionalism of the staff that I will return here too."}, {"review_id": "W8UVuI1uSYiXFx1M52gSfA", "user_id": "Ksp1e9Dw0Jcog_ZBD3-45g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "Came here for dinner, after work, for the first time after a few recommendations from co-workers. Hummus is located to the back of the building where Pho Mai Lan is located. I was confused for a second when my GPS directed me to the front and decided to circle around to see if it may be on the side or something. Mildly hidden but not that hard as long as you are in the right areaMany have called Hummus a \"Mediterranean Chipotle\". Fairly correct in a sense but I feel like Hummus is more complicated XD more to pick and choose from . 1. Start by picking \"Hum Bowl\" or \"Pita Wrap\". 2. Pick your hummus: Choice of classic, spicy, market (bean free), or BabaG (Baba ghanoush - eggplant)3. Choose Greens: Romaine, Baby Chard, Baby Spinach, Baby Kale, or I had the choice of arugula too ! 4: Add Grains: Herbed rice or black lentils 5: Pick the Protein: Flame Grilled Chicken, Flame Grilled Beef, Braised Lamb, Vegan Falafel, Crispy Halloumi Cheese, Seasonal Roasted Veggies6. Choose Toppings: Topping variety was wide (I don't remember them all). Choices include pickled onions, a seasoned and plain quinoa, feta cheese, cherry tomatoes, ..... yeah I don't remember that many.. there were some sort of pickles, some mixed salad thing with lemon juice, etc7. Pick your sauce: Garlic Sauce, Mint Tzatziki, Herb Tahini, Muhammara, Hot Chili harissa, House DressingI had picked a hummus bowl w/ spicy hummus. They spread the hummus around the bowl so you get some during every bite?? Lol A mix of baby spinach and arugula was really good, topped with herbed rice. Friend's had all preferred chicken but I do plan on trying the beef and lamb at some point as well. I picked a good amount of toppings including pickled onions, feta cheese, seasoned quinoa, cherry tomatoes, salad thing w/ lemon juice... I was hoping to get some spice from the hot chili harissa but it wasn't as spicy as I hoped. Or remotely spicy (for my anyway). Harissa is a type of African chili paste that's fairly known to be quite spicy but their version is really mild. Mixed with garlic sauce and tzatziki was a good way to go. After I got home, I mixed everything together before I ate it, or at least to the best of my ability.... maybe I should take have more of a chipotle mindset and just shake it in the bowl. Lol Overall, its like eating a chipotle bowl but it was mildly more difficult because of the greens. Flavor wise, there were a lot of bright flavors (from the pickled onions to the lemon juice salad thing...) cutting through the creaminess of the sauces and what not xD Chicken was pretty similar to chipotle actually. Cube bite size dark meat chicken. The harissa and garlic sauce is fairly thick but tzatziki was much thinner. Good amount of food for the price. All this for $8.55. Almost seems cheaper and theoretically healthier than Chipotle."}, {"review_id": "_2Lkb-vgudwhS1ajKS0ibA", "user_id": "fgkJ6KUlrmbKyLDQervxsw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "Delicious, healthy, affordable food is just what I need and love. Although for a first timer, the menu may seem confusing, just go down the list and ask for help when needed. Hummus reminds me of a Mediterranean Chipotle. Everything is prepared in front of you and looks very fresh.I recommend getting the bowl to start because the servers load so much into the bowl that the wrap usually starts falling apart. The classic and spicy hummus are the two popular choices and are placed at the bottom of a nice treat as you dig in. I picked the black lentils for my grain, which I enjoyed. When it comes to protein, the braised lamb is a popular choice. Unfortunately for me, they were at the very bottom of the tray for the night so whatever I got ended up being very salty. They ended up topping my bowl off with the roasted vegetables, which was appreciated, but I didn't enjoy how salty the meat was. As for the grilled chicken, I thoroughly enjoyed this protein and would recommend this in the future. It was not dry at all, and very flavorful.As for the toppings, load it up as much as you can! Too many olives can make things too salty as well, but I love olives. As for the sauce, I love tzatziki, so that was an obvious choice for me. The pita fries are crunchy and go wonderfully as a side to share. If it weren't for the salty lamb, I would've definitely given this place five stars, but I will be back. A great, healthy meal for under $10 is a tough find!"}, {"review_id": "Dr88yXC4CgIRv_JwXe0ADg", "user_id": "wM9RFY6H9MQQYfSUzdsIkQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/1/2018", "text": "Too bad I live in another state or I'd be here everyday. Please open another location in La Quinta CA. What I love about this place is the many choices, varieties, and ability to change it up every time you come here. I like to line my bowl with Baba ganoush and then I ask for all the varieties of greens. Their chicken is incredibly moist or you can choose grilled vegetables, beef, or lamb. There are so many different toppings to choose from, and even sauces that for  me it would be impossible to exhaust all the possible combinations. If you have dietary restrictions it is very easy to customize your meal here. Healthy yummy food.  I can't wait to go back.  Upbeat energetic staff and clean environment make this my new fast food fav."}, {"review_id": "mc7Z5DvioeN6neCj4ZGyAA", "user_id": "NCRGj36ihdwX-VUCYEX41g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/28/2018", "text": "Basically a Mediterranean Chipotle, but wow, the food is amazing! You can choose from either a bowl or a wrap, but my go to is the bowl with spicy hummus, half and half white rice and lentils, and the braised beef. You can add whatever vegetable and sauces you would like on top of the bowl, and they're all super fresh! I always get the white garlic and harissa sauces as well. Been here about 5x now. Huge portions, tasty food, reasonable prices, and friendly service, what else can you ask for?"}, {"review_id": "K4flC2kfVVHQNVzOsIPUlw", "user_id": "JA1iXUGIBKeCLE2Vvjis1w", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/4/2018", "text": "I wanted to like this spot! I reallly wanted to! Friday morning after a night of obliteration in the town, I wanted to eat something fresh and healthy. Naturally I opened up my handy dandy yelp bookmarks to find a new spot to try! Came across hummus! Was amped about going for Mediterranean as I love the spices that Mediterranean food consists of. This joint is another chipotle for Mediterranean food! You pick your base, your toppings, your meat, your sauce etc! I came for a salad and got hardly any salad. My bowl was thoroughly and unequivocally wet from the hummus they spread around the bowl. Mind you, it wasn't wet from dressing! I got the dressing on the side! I was dying for something healthy, light, and refreshing! Unfortunately for me, the wetness ruined my entire bowl! Wasn't for me! Maybe the next time, if I return, I'll probably do the hummus on the side??? I didn't even end up finishing my bowl, not even half way before I couldn't do the wetness anymore. Advice: get the hummus on the side!! They do play old school films on the projector on the wall though. Super cool touch!"}, {"review_id": "Wv6r1RmpLCvk3AbTzoM8cw", "user_id": "8XKSiMpMxgdwI3qjuqmXFg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/9/2018", "text": "Fast?! Healthy?! IG worthy?! HUMMUS is everything I could wish for and more. When did all these awesome quick lunch spots open up on Eastern?! I'm overwhelmed by all of my food options (and sadly I won't be checking any other restaurants out in the area since I'm happy with HUMMUS on the daily). BRAISED LAMB BRAISED LAMB. Shredded, melt in your mouth lamb with the perfect consistency. I won't order any other meats. They convinced me to try the beef once and it was NOT good. Dry and boring compared to the lamb. Don't get it. \"Chipotle style\" order at the counter and seat yourself. The line can get a little long at lunch time, but way faster than any sit down place. There are 3 tables outside shared with the rest of the complex. It's on the back side of the complex, can't be seen from the Main Street."}, {"review_id": "_YPkxhW5G1KPq8KTrugAfQ", "user_id": "JbNE1B8ZYo5mVXTxsTUsag", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/4/2018", "text": "This restaurant is really worth 5 stars! I know I didn't believe it when I first saw it, but when I tried the food, wow, it's like a flavor explosion in your mouth! It was so good, that. Had to buy another bowl to go for my lunch tomorrow! I saw it when I was driving to my workout class, Studio Remixx on Eastern, then I Yelped it, and I knew it was my post workout meal! They spread the hummus (4 to choose from!) on the side of the bowl, add veggies, carbs (I didn't get it this time), protein and toppings. I love the crunchy toppings too. So many different toppings to choose from. I got the garlic sauce and it was delicious, I just wanted it in every bite. For $9 lunch, it was totally worth it. On the plus side it's healthy and delicious!! I would drive from the other side of town to get Hummus Bowl again. Open one up near Rainbow and 215 please!"}, {"review_id": "SBBInmUtqUqswtmlid4fuQ", "user_id": "Y-xXFGiBg9FA3a5ynKMTjQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "Tried this out for the first time today and it was really delicious! Got a spicy hummus bowl with vegan falafels. And it was only 8$! Will be back here again"}, {"review_id": "fAIHLZQSCw0i4h8ft7fbpw", "user_id": "OXSJCjKtvZPf-YPDCXcWZg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/23/2018", "text": "If I could rate this place 6/5 I would. It is seriously freaking amazing!! Think of chipotle, but Mediterranean style with super fresh and delicious ingredients.I came on a Saturday for lunch with some friends. The location is a bit hidden in a strip mall, but the interior is super cute. You have the option between a bowl or pita, choice of hummus, choice of greens, rice, lentils, and tons of delicious toppings and sauces. I personally recommend the garlic sauce and spicy hummus.For this most recent visit I went with a bowl including spicy hummus, romaine, rice, roasted vegetables, olives, cucumber, tomatoes, and garlic sauce. The portion was huge and it's vegetarian friendly. What's not to love?!The only sad part about this place is how far away it is from me, ugh! Please I'm begging you to open a location in Summerlin or the west side!!"}, {"review_id": "dFmTFt8pAS3Rsu-xESZ4vw", "user_id": "bydI3xl_ZpDZRbAQMAPITQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/23/2018", "text": "Hummus is this cute spot tucked in Henderson. My friend suggested this spot after a post workout. It's a DEFINITE must go back! I wish they had more locations. They have this cute chalkboard menu and ambiance. I just decided to go order by best suggestions. I ordered the spinach artichoke hummus bowl with kale, black rice, tomatoes, beets, feta cheese, cucumber, olives, toasted chickpeas, roasted veggies- varies by season. It was definitely AMAZING! Super fresh and well packed all for $10! I even ordered the pita fries. I asked for multiple dressings on the side and the mint balsamic was my favorite."}, {"review_id": "sTp1D8xFgGHbvJ0HftFsBw", "user_id": "L6nrDwHJDyV0KThjON-Kog", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/18/2018", "text": "AhhhhhhHummus reminds me of the Bay Area sooo much.Fast and casual with a hipster vibe and high quality healthy ingredients.What else can a girl ask for? Order your food at the counter and choose which toppings you like, the braised lamb, grilled vegetables, jalapeño hummus, and muhumarra flavors were out of this world delicious. They important their tahini directly from Lebanon and it is clear they take serious pride in the quality of their food.Vegan falafel available.Vegetarian friendly. Indoor seating. Beware the shopping center is a pain to get into and out of depending on where you are coming from and trying to go but it is seriously worth it.I wish Henderson had a salad bar concept like hummus."}, {"review_id": "YVZvH-iHtFSct2q9CordnQ", "user_id": "dJtFy2jc1R5cSBab4BLORQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/31/2018", "text": "Shockingly good. This is a build-your-own concept like Chipotle, poke bowls, and Subway so you choose a protein (beef, chicken, vegan falafel), a base (salad, rice, etc.), types of hummus, and tons of toppings which consist of various vegetables and nuts. Ingredients were very fresh and it comes out to approximately $10 per bowl. I highly recommend getting a bowl with the spicy hummus, braised beef, rice/salad (half of each), your choice of toppings, and their awesome garlic butter. Don't skip the garlic butter.I wasn't impressed by their falafel, it was hard, dry, and overly salty but the rest was delicious."}, {"review_id": "xNPpvLz2WxJPgFqN6IDfEw", "user_id": "45SDdbFkSjcZ5Lz01khxtg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/3/2018", "text": "Great service and healthy eat! Staff gave us a quick introduction of the menu. Good to hear that everything is made fresh and non-GMO, and some items are vegan. I got the spicy hummus, half rice half lentils, half steaks half roasted veggies, and various toppings. I could not finish my bowl. Portion is huge, and it is fulfilling. I was not impressed with the steaks (a bit chewy and was bland), but it went well with everything else. The roasted veggies option (to replace protein) was delicious. That and the halved cherry tomato topping were the highlights. Good for lunch and dinner. I feel full, but not stuffed or gross out."}, {"review_id": "pDOngdGdOQQAXdPzbzZhkQ", "user_id": "hPoyOGAnbjJ6IKbJQ1UABQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/28/2018", "text": "If you were on a vegan diet and you were craving chipotle, I would definitely recommend Hummus. You create your own bowl of hearty healthy food. If that's even a thing, lol. There are different types of hummus to start the base of your bowl. Then you can top it off with tons of veggies and their special house sauce. Grab yourself a cup for their freshly watermelon juice. After all that, grub up and trust me. You'll feel healthy lol. Extra details: Creating your own bowl comes out to 8-10 bucks. The atmosphere was friendly and green. Your trendy hipster spot. Take a pic against their wall for the gram game. I did realize it can get pretty busy. And the line can be slow at times due to new people who have never tried the place before asking the workers a ton of questions aka like me."}, {"review_id": "aeQDBkclGFBvsa7_B3dnPQ", "user_id": "HQF6pQ9mC52J3BEEDSevOw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/27/2018", "text": "The flavors are out of this world!! The service is really great too! I had tried the baba ganoush on my first visit but it was a bit too lemony for me.  On my second visit I asked the nice girl with the pretty eye makeup which was her fave. She suggested The \"market\" bean-free zucchini \"hummus\" or the spicy hummus. I opted for half and half of each and OMG! I am in loveeee.  My go-to from here on out is: roasted veggie bowl, extra veggies. Those veggies are soooo flavorful! Half zucchini half spicy hummus. Rice and lentils. No greens. Allllll the toppings except for pickles. Extra beets extra pickled onions. Alll the sauces except garlic and house dressing. Pita croutons.  Mix it all up and the explosion of flavor is unreal!! Also HUGE portions that fed me 3 times!"}, {"review_id": "47fULGeYVj3IxNjNhjEzMw", "user_id": "2EuPAGalYnP7eSxPgFCNDg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/30/2017", "text": "What's not to love.  Really impressed with their selection of fresh ingredients. When I first came one of the trays was empty but after I asked if there was any more greens, the employee pointed out owners who were in the back in the process of cutting up more greens. Yes! I liked that, especially it was late evening already, and I was not getting something that's been sitting there all day. They have choice of lentils or herb rice. Love the sauces. My go-to is the \"house fave\" Garlic sauce.  The employee was really helpful and offered to let me try all of them before I decided. Thank you!! Customize your bowl or wrap. The DIY process is easy as 123. Just read and follow the directions people. You cant go wrong. All the veggies and sauces complement each other.  TIP: the more colorful, the more delicious, not only visually appealing but tastier too.Love also how they remodeled the space with a more fresh and modern look. The projection screen is pretty cool touch. Prices are reasonable enough for having your daily lunch fix here.The space the current restaurant is in has gone over many turnovers through the years, I have a feeling though this place will be here to stay for a while!"}, {"review_id": "J7gIDVCdV1DT8Nrpj4D1AQ", "user_id": "aen7vYFt5RfnKxPB_3jdPg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/20/2018", "text": "Hands down best Mediterranean style food I've had in Henderson, EVER! When you walk in you immediately smell all of the delicious ingredients they have to offer.I had heard this place was like a Mediterranean chipotle but that doesn't even come close to doing it justice! They literally have dozens of toppings you can add to your bowl at NO EXTRA CHARGE! Forget about getting Nickel and dimed at other restaurants! I typically eat more than most and I could barely finish my bowl, by far the best portion sizes I've ever seen.If your in Henderson or Las Vegas you HAVE to try this place out you want be disappointed!"}, {"review_id": "zZYDNfc6CuEcJRfTW1IK7Q", "user_id": "0KHZYACERwxhTPiknTH-AQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Food was fresh and delicious! The staff couldn't have cared less about service or customers needs. Felt like we were an imposition to counter staff while trying to order. Too bad."}, {"review_id": "DutX27kAKj1V2SyOtIzqqA", "user_id": "64WaWNeYSmN45a1MdiFv5w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/15/2018", "text": "Finally tried this place! I have been driving past it for months, as I live right by it. Used to be a coffee shop I believe?So, my husband isn't in to this kind of \"healthy\" stuff, like at all. I drug him here anyway. They have steak, so he was happy. I ordered a bowl. I will try to remember all of my ingredients! I got the eggplant hummus, romaine and spinach, black lentils, roasted mixed veggies, about 15 toppings, and the herb tahini dressing on the top. My toppings included tomatoes, cucumbers, apple slaw, quinoa, feta cheese, sunflower seeds, and beets. I'm sure there was more! We also got the pita chips, and got to sample their new peanut butter desert hummus. Yum!Almost forgot, I got the pineapple cream soda.... tastes like desert :)I will def be back! Not sure about my husband, but my 3 year not only loved her side of rice, but loved the music and was dancing all over the place. We can do mommy daughter dates!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/hummus-henderson?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]