[[{"review_id": "_ERt8cQS3BMkga0CmD6q4g", "user_id": "8KspuuG3Xayg4sTNvh0ILw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/4/2018", "text": "I was just looking for some good places to go while visiting downtown, and I found this place!!! And I must say... LOVED! Here's why....I was really wanting something warm in the frigid cold! So I pulled up my bookmarks, and decided to come here!We walked in, and the first thing you notice is how small, and quaint it is inside. It is warm, and welcoming.We were quickly greeted by the owner (who was very nice and welcoming)As I was browsing through the menu, I still had no idea what I wanted to get. The store was so cute, and had so many pretty things in it that I couldn't decide on what I wanted. So I asked the owner what he would recommend. He recommended what was most closely related to a hot chocolate. But the difference with his is that it is only made with water, cocoa, and spices. (I had never had a spicy hot chocolate)Let me tell you... It was PHENOMENAL!! It was served in a small bowl and smelled amazing. The spice was not super intense, but hit the palette in a way that wasn't overwhelming, which I really really enjoyed.While I was there, I also purchased little gummy frogs that were made there (all the chocolates and things are made there). I also purchased a chocolate tasting kit $16.50. And a little packet of rare chocolates 4 small squares for $5.50. In total with two warm drinks, gummy frogs and a couple types of chocolate I ended up spending about $41. The drinks were $6.50/each (if I remember correctly)Normally I wouldn't like spending that much money on chocolate, but I really enjoyed talking to the owner about how he started doing what he does and could tell how passionate he was about it, and I could taste it in his products! So I didn't mind splurging a little!Highly recommend trying this place out! Especially with this freezing cold weather!!"}, {"review_id": "ytbrKw6jgNrQR8INu8HWxA", "user_id": "0wBI9RiVyf9HnL1IuGCCUw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/2/2018", "text": "If you like Hersey's and Russell Stover, you will HATE this place.Dancing Lion makes chocolate an experience and it's impossible to completely explain in a Yelp review. Owner Richard Tango-Lowy was listed as a Top 10 Chocolatier in North America in 2016 and Spoon University listed Dancing Lion in their 50 Best Restaurants in America. Who knew Manchester, New Hampshire had so much to offer?The front door has a sign requesting that you silence your phone and I appreciated that. We were greeted immediately and the owner began to ask us what kind of flavors we liked so he could make recommendations.We got a few things:Creamy Dark Drinking Chocolate- this came in a bowl and was lighter than the typical hot chocolate. Amazing.Zen Brownie- this is NOTHING like the consistency of any brownie I have ever had. It was similar to butter and was very heavy. One is enough to split and if you get anything, get this if it is available!Tangerine Bonbon- this was the last tangerine bonbon made from tangerines from Richard's mother's garden. I had to try it and it was worth ever penny. I also bought a small gift box for my parents' upcoming birthdays and the combined total for everything was $40. It definitely wasn't cheap, but it was worth it in my opinion. That being said, it's not a place I would frequent because I would be broke."}, {"review_id": "6lpRIL3vv9Xf9bn4zLAUCQ", "user_id": "8ciQzrRSDqCeS9EIYdpkvA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "It was a totally unexpected experience. I looked a normal coffee shop on Yelp. This place came up highly rated. I entered this cafe and found really decorated well. Then I found out this place offers traditional drinking chocolate. It was with spices and in the Myan pot. It was my first experience and quite interesting. We also bought special chocolate bar and it was creamy and tasty."}, {"review_id": "ztY7EriEHLkC4n6D5FWcwA", "user_id": "o2Or6xqxeWaE46tdzK0UGg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "6/3/2017", "text": "A Boutique shop that has chocolate from all over the world! My friends and I needed a sugar kick from traveling red eye and saw DLC. Glad we came because it fixed our sugar craving. I got the rose blackberry ice cream. It came with chunks of their fine chocolate. When you ate the ice cream, the aroma and taste of rose instantly intensify your taste buds and came down with a blackberry finish. To my surprise there were little chunks of chocolate, and the chocolate chunks weren't sweet so it complemented well with the sweet ice cream. Worthy of a stop!"}, {"review_id": "OKXIvWf0k3bYdMfuDG3IWA", "user_id": "7z6-X3V4k8IO8t3lU4HtrQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "6/15/2017", "text": "4.8 stars. With all the great reviews about this place, I had to check it out. I had the hot chocolate without the spice. It was definitely not like any hot chocolate I've ever had. It had a slight sour taste from the cacao so you know it's the real deal. You can also see the specks of what I assume to be cacao in the drink. It didn't feel heavy at, which gave me an excuse to get the Thai chocolate chip ice cream. The ice cream was good but didn't have a Thai tea flavor at all. If you asked me what the flavor was without saying it's Thai tea, I'd say it's a delicious sweet cream ice cream with really dark chocolate chips. But still, it was delicious.This place is definitely pricy though. My hot chocolate and ice cream was $10 and I bought a $12 chocolate bar for my grandma. Definitely try the hot chocolate though. I think it's worth the taste and experience."}, {"review_id": "XcTZ_O6RIQC5MeY4ATojhQ", "user_id": "aHHkRc1RnOWRXyrgi8C69g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/6/2018", "text": "My go to place for a gift for a chocolate lover. Have never had anything here that wasn't amazing. Seriously. Anything!"}, {"review_id": "BSah_JAV5kQnxG-8GIicjg", "user_id": "uF4hW1BKiCZwRjobc9zPxA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/9/2017", "text": "Lovely small artisanal chocolate shop on Manchester's main drag. We shared a bowl of Mayan drinking chocolate on a sunny 30 degree day (we're Texans). Velvety dark chocolate with deep spices. Also bought two distinctive bars of chocolate as gifts. Pop in and enjoy."}, {"review_id": "AuVxGnNVnuYsNa1sIRP3qg", "user_id": "dCnxB2z1p8EqfM8jkaa-vw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "7/24/2017", "text": "If you love chocolate and you appreciate  artisan chocolate, made with love, do stop at this chocolate oasis.  Rich, the owner and chocolate maker welcomed my boyfriend and I and made incredible recommendations. He educated us on so many aspects of chocolate. His confections are works of art. We chose two bars and then spied the ice cream menu. We chose cardamon chip keffir lime ice cream. My beverage choice was cacao tea (wow) and my man, expresso spicy chocolate. This place is too good to describe. You must experience this to understand the layers and depths of this truly magnificent shop."}, {"review_id": "gwg5gIk19kPRVQgwXJYEMw", "user_id": "0jzQGfXp-3gA4NN6-laZxw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/24/2018", "text": "Not sure how I had not stumbled upon this gem located on Elm St. ever before but I am very grateful that I did so yesterday. I was trying to find some special place to take my three grandchildren for a special treat in Manchester and thanks to Yelp, I found it. We all oohed and aahhed as we admired the chocolate delicacies which were truly works of art. We all ordered a white hot chocolate and it was pretty quiet as we just sat, sipped and enjoyed each drop of deliciousness. I can assure you...I will be back for more!"}, {"review_id": "EMNdSohOtQj6aMfW-WAo5Q", "user_id": "Ft05mUiHd6psqhFLgl9SzQ", "rating": 2.0, "date": "1/13/2018", "text": "Let me first say this chocolate is so beautiful it looks like jewelry. I got a great chocolate box as a momentum of my New England adventure. However, my experience was tarnished when the owner/chocolate expert verbally attacked his employee for selling a display chocolate instead of the pre-boxed chocolates. What? Jaws dropped from 5 customers who were enjoying his establishment. Not to mention he chased us down the street to pay for the chocolate because with the fluttered employees response they forgot to charge my friend. Excellent chocolate. VERY POOR MANAGEMENT SKILLS."}, {"review_id": "NnvhKmEqreRBrVd7k3Qh3g", "user_id": "-8wQLiMghdWJh7t1B0pqyg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/2/2017", "text": "I travel the world eating chocolate and have eaten at chocolate bars like Pierre Hermé in Tokyo and multiple La Maison du Chocolat outposts in different countries, but would you believe that the best chocolates I've had are from a place in Manchester, New Hampshire?That's what Dancing Lion is, they are the best chocolate I've ever had. If you're a chocolate fan, this place will not disappoint. Richard sources his chocolate from a variety of locations, from your standard Valrhona to extremely small batch cacao grown by independent farmers in South America. Richard (the founder/owner) also works with cacao farmers to grow sustainable cacao.How do I know all this? Richard will tell you all this and more if you're curious about his chocolate. Every time I come here he is always excited to tell me about a new chocolate he got his hands on, or a new bon bon he has created using some combination of ingredients you wouldn't think would work together (but totally does). He's extremely passionate about his craft and it comes through in all his chocolate and food.And on the subject of food: it's all great. Every time I come here I have to get a Mallorca (basically a sandwich made with ham, cheese, and a sweetened bun), a cup of Mayan Heat hot chocolate (made with dark chocolate and a little spice), and some chocolate bon bons. Most of Dancing Lion's chocolate is only ever made once, so I can't really recommend any particular bon bons I've had because you probably won't be able to get them. But trust me when I say that any chocolate you see will probably be some of the best you've had.Richard and his staff are all very friendly and knowledgeable about the product. Richard will also likely remember your name after a couple visits, even if you go infrequently.The shop is small and cozy, small compared to its neighbors (a cafe and a bar), with seating for maybe 8-10 people. I've never seen it very crowded, and I go there early afternoons on weekends. The atmosphere tends toward the quiet side, even when the shop is basically full.All in all, this is one of the best places in New England, and I will drive the 70 miles one way just to eat a handful of chocolate and a sandwich sometimes.On a final note, Dancing Lion is an expensive place, in the upper tiers of chocolate bars. A piece of chocolate might cost $3-5 and a mallorca is over $6 if I remember correctly. It's definitely far from a pack of M&Ms and a bar of Twix.And some short tips:* Get the mallorca* Try the hot chocolate - I like the Mayan Heat, but the Lion Waltz is really good as well* I like the Liona chocolate bar* If they have croissants, try one (they only do them one weekend per month)"}, {"review_id": "ARDxULYiMcVsAbxTR3EQFg", "user_id": "YbNIrm62DDR1Eq3fCKRqWA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/10/2017", "text": "Prepare to be blown away!  Richard and his team are truly world class.  They are meticulous craftsman.  From their  sourcing of only the finest ingredients from every corner of the globe, to the artistry in execution, their love and passion for what they do is very apparent.  We make sure we drive through Manchester on our way to Vermont to taste his perfect lattes, life changing Mallorca's, and his beautiful and delicious chocolates.  Everything sold here has been above and beyond anything else I have experienced, I highly recommend the Dancing Lion!"}, {"review_id": "2kx7ofWIyaWowBppoLYpxA", "user_id": "vZOvQ2uQRihmpGCwbFRq6Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/13/2017", "text": "Wow!  An absolutely unique experience.  I was in town on business and looking for something for my wife, who is a self described \"chocolate snob\".I walked into the small very European bistro feeling space, glass and honey wood.  I thought I was knowledgeable when I told the gentleman in chef garb behind the counter that my wife only liked dark chocolate.  Wow, was I wrong, but in a good way....I felt like a kindergardner in an upper class college lecture realizing,\" there is just so much wonderful stuff that I didn't even have a clue was even out there...\"  Ended up getting some milk chocolate that my wife absolutely loved...as well as a couple dark chocolate samples.  If you like chocolate experience, or better yet if your significant other likes chocolate experience, you need to visit this place."}, {"review_id": "pAFMKIPMaqvhZSbjvq1UNQ", "user_id": "TqEOK7uxaXj7SbJZKEktxw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/8/2017", "text": "Expensive but world class chocolates being made here by a chocolate artisan.  The owner has a great palate and even better presentation skills to make his pieces look like art.  Come here for an experience and not for something to gobble down."}, {"review_id": "iFWFY4g6RsyWk8uRW_74NQ", "user_id": "5cZEgqHwiN4XA2eOWWqnug", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/11/2015", "text": "I love Dancing Lion. I'm from Boston, but my friend who works in Manchester introduced me to it a couple of years ago. Now my boyfriend and I find any excuse we can to visit. It's an adorable little shop, really classy-looking and cozy. The service is fantastic. The hot chocolate is always great, and there are always baked treats and new truffles to enjoy. The hot chocolate is made in a traditional way with water, so it can be a little off-putting to people who are used to the Swiss Miss type stuff, but it's totally worth it to experience this style. Many of the truffles you see here are made once and never made again, so you're always trying something unique and often seasonal.The owner, Richard, is extremely passionate about chocolate. I love chatting with him. He's always around to answer questions and give advice. If you're lucky, he might even give you something he's been working on to try/sample! I've taken a truffle-making class here and he presented everything very well and I feel like I have a solid grasp on basic ganache and basic tempering.Try the mallorca! It's a sweet breakfast sandwich and it's amazing!"}, {"review_id": "FQE0YwzY-X3XbHfqg7IhVg", "user_id": "glxazHThsZ0BtXomB6SvkQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "7/1/2016", "text": "This place is incredible and Rick really knows his stuff!Rick is a chocolate artist that travels around the world in search of flavorful and rare cocoas and then comes back to his store to concoct one of kind chocolates, brownies, and other chocolate goodies using them.He puts so much thought, care, and detail into them that they look like sculptures and paintings. I was hesitant to eat them they look so good. Upon tasting the chocolates I was blown away. They are unlike any other high quality chocolates I've ever had. I've lived in New York City for 10+ years and I have to tell you this is as good as it gets. The brownies are some of the best I've ever hadThis guy is a chocolate genius, the Willy Wonka of chocolates and he lives here! Best chocolates in NH - no question. I'm definitely coming back and you must try this place."}, {"review_id": "ugfYov82sI5UY9dUadqKLA", "user_id": "Anb-6E7MayUjrtWppqyE-w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/8/2017", "text": "Amazing hot chocolates and artisan chocolates!  We tried the Mayan hot chocolate which was very rich and had a little kick to it, my and my daughter's favorite.  The white hot chocolate was my husband and son's favorite, this one had some hints of ginger.  We also tried the blood orange hot chocolate which was very good with hints of citrusy orange. The store owner was very welcoming and great to talk to. He had lots of knowledge and passion for chocolate. We walked out with a variety of chocolate bars, bark, Mayan hot chocolate mix and brownie mix.  We found out that they also offer classes throughout the year.  I wish we lived closer so that I could take advantage of it..."}, {"review_id": "8w04xQGuquvJODHelKdTaQ", "user_id": "8bCA7aW-kD5pqcL_SU03pw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "6/17/2017", "text": "Moving from California I've been looking for a \"go to\" place for drinking chocolate.  Though Dancing Lion is 40 minutes from my place, the drive is worth it. Rich, the owner and chocolatier, knows his chocolate and has created a beautiful Mayan drinking chocolate which can be ordered spicy or regular or if you're like me, half and half, which has just enough chili to give it heat and to allow the blend of spices with the chocolate to come through elegantly. Served in a drinking bowl, this creation which honors chocolate's historic roots as a drink is a masterpiece. Rich pairs chocolate with spices expertly to allow the natural flavors of the bean to shine in his bars, truffles, and all his creations, given the season and the harvest. But it's not just his chocolate that deserves mention, his chocolate croissants are famous. And because they are made only once a month orders need to be placed in advance.  Rich and his staff are friendly and knowledgeable, and although more expensive than some places, everything is made with the finest ingredients and served with love. You can taste the difference. And the classes offered are also excellent. I've already taken the croissant class and chocolate adventure class and have plans to take the next zen brownie class."}, {"review_id": "BOgkavjAi1108JGPYNDEPA", "user_id": "hZ-khN-Bb-l1fTM30g5vOQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/22/2017", "text": "One word of caution - don't try to rush a visit to this gem. You need time to relax, savor your treats and enjoy a cup of Mayan chocolate or a delicious coffee. With any luck, you will speak with the owner who is brimming with passion for his confections and each precious ingredient that goes into them. There's a story, it seems, for every thing. Richard's artisan quality makes it nearly a crime to eat his food. It's beautiful. Look at it all. Taste as much as you can. Many items are not repeated so savor the bite - he may have tried and failed many times before he made that piece you are savoring. And he may not make it again! This place is an experience. That doesn't mean you shouldn't have it often! Just be sure to enjoy every time you visit. Really special chocolate! And those brownies... these are not the eat the whole pan kind. These are stop several bites into a piece and be nostalgic because the owner told you this recipe was not likely to be repeated despite how wonderful it is. Then, you finish the brownie. Slowly. And hope you never forget it. Today's choice was a gluten free version which was especially fudge-like. Yum!"}, {"review_id": "OA3HNV198M-ZgIK8-g6vAw", "user_id": "QBeIV1hC2-aM1djm71hmaA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/29/2016", "text": "My boyfriend and I were walking by the storefront last night and I pointed out that \"this is the place I heard about on yelp!\" So we went in. We both ordered drinking chocolates (hot chocolate). I got the regular version and my boyfriend got the one with chili. Delicious! Definitely a must try for everyone! Just keep in mind this isn't your \"typical\" cheap hot chocolate from Dunkin Donuts. This is a whole new taste! The atmosphere was quiet. The decor was beautiful. The staff member we talked to was also absolutely lovely!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/dancing-lion-chocolate-manchester?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]