[[{"review_id": "EhbGmS65CVJaOsJKXFoyTQ", "user_id": "8xX6f8i92s2Yja2LzsOO1w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "You can't really go wrong with ordering anything here. the PASSIONFRUIT sangria tastes so good and sweet. Best sangria I've had. Their beef rib and potatoes were my favorite!!!Our server was super helpful and knowledgeable in getting around town / NY as we're from out of town"}, {"review_id": "A-akj14TMsU4f65tz-MIEQ", "user_id": "WOqX0sGEeZ65b7aO1m9nsA", "rating": 2.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Very loud and crowded.  Highly cramped.  No atmosphere to speak of.  Food very mediocre for the Ironbound.  Not a horrible place to watch a soccer game.  Otherwise, go elsewhere.One positive is valet parking."}, {"review_id": "aBKC1sP_JeCG0hK3iHjwBg", "user_id": "NnCw3NYkPqxAQv4hFycBTQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "If I could give this place 10 stars I would. The moment I walked into this place, you could smell the delicious food. Not a single seat was empty. Pros: The decor and feel was incredible. It was super intimate, cozy, and made me feel like I was on vacation. They also had valet parking which was an added bonus. Once we arrived, we were sat at the bar. The service was excellent. Not once did my water glass ever even reach the halfway mark or I was left wondering where the server was. For drinks we tried the sangria. It was incredible. There were a few flavors to choose from. For dinner, We shared a bunch of plates. I believe it was the owner (which if I am correct - would appreciate this place even more for being hands on) who was super helpful with the menu and helped us pick between a few choices that we couldn't make up our mind. Right off the bat we said we are not shy and we came to feast and indeed we did! A few of our choices were from the daily specials and the rest were from the regular menu. From the regular menu we tried the sautéed shrimp in garlic sauce. We loved this so much that we ordered a large to go. I love the option that you could pick either a small or large portion. This allowed us to try a little something of everything. We also had the octopus, bacon wrapped pork, chorizo, scallops and stuffed fish. Every single dish was to die for and left us saying how incredible the flavors were. If I had the room to try another 5 dishes, I would have. The portions were more than generous and not to mention the prices were incredible. I have never left a place where I tasted such a wide range of amazing flavors. All of the dishes came out one after another. In fact, they were timed perfectly. For desert we had the flan (we were given this on the House and were so happy and shocked - definitely didn't expect this (thanks again!!!)) and literally licked the plate clean. Cons: ABSOLUTELY NONE. This restaurant clearly does everything right and for that I will definitely return. Had the perfect meal!OHHH and I should note that we drove over an each way to try this place!"}, {"review_id": "Hn9ucQY7bANlgiD7twSddg", "user_id": "ai57zt7xeWoTvXSezvAJtA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/19/2018", "text": "Super chill place!!! The culture in this place is semi hipster... authentic Spaniard. Kept true to their roots with great hospitality and drinks!!!Owner Angel was there and made great conversation with everyone open to talk. Felt like I was visiting my cousin's restaurant... felt welcomed something you do not get ever day. Bartender Jose made me my own little cocktail that was light and refreshing. FOOD:warm bread for the table we started with steak/ shimp/mushroom FIRE!!! pealla omg was so good takes 30 mins to make but worth it.U HAVE TO TRY THE FLAN. I'm part Mexican and hate flan my family and family friends always say \"you have to try mine\" and it nasty.... but this one was soooo good!!! My husband doesn't like sweets and ate most of it lol Angels mother makes it fresh daily. THANKS FOR THE GOOD MEAL AND CONVERSATION!!"}, {"review_id": "ohqR7Vs1no2rU4qYNFSx5A", "user_id": "lpvDMhIx25NDb9mRZ0x9fQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "Very good service and a nice interior but quite dark. On the outside it's quite hard to notice because it's in a residential community of houses and the front door have its sign but still look quite like a house so not many people especially tourist will ever really pass by there. Mostly locals and not too crowded. Friendly place with good attitude and decent prices. Pretty clean and organized but the tables are a bit sticky..quite a few selections for food and drinks but they are more well known for their tapas then their main courses. The Paella Casa d 'Paco is a good portion for two to three people and very good quality seafood and no frozen vegetable used in the dish. Atùn Cajún and Pulpo a Galega are very nice but my favourite will have to be Aguacate Relleno!"}, {"review_id": "FTdIZVE71NW5r3Q5R_3qRg", "user_id": "32xzRa5AgRN7L11JprfhYQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/30/2018", "text": "This place was great! I loved the ambience. It was small and intimate and great environment for catching up with friends over sangria. Which by the way I highly recommend the passion fruit and mango sangrias! The servers were all very friendly and attentive and were quick to fill up any empty glasses. The food was great! We had the grilled octopus, stuffed avocado tapas and the paella. Valet parking was nice and easy. This place fills up fast so make sure to make reservations (but only for parties of 4 or more). Or get there early which is what we did (6pm on a Friday)"}, {"review_id": "OHRIc-Ewo3WH1H6R2WI1lw", "user_id": "yNsaHij2eZhf6Zzn3IoyNw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "I absolutely loved everything about this place, but I'm reluctant to post it cause I selfishly don't want more people to find it.  Anyway, the experience here was so wonderful that they don't deserve that I should keep it to myself.  First off, as soon as I pulled up to the place with some friends, my reaction was \"you're kidding right\".  From the moment I walked in it felt like I was no longer in Jersey, divey but nouveau, the service was friendly, fast and gracious from the point of being seated until we walked out.  I had 3 tapas, friends had other types of tapas and every single one was creative and delicious.  Its definitely  a place you want to visit when you're near the Ironbound section of Newark.  love it , love it, cant wait to come back and try more stuff.  Sangia was also on point btw."}, {"review_id": "XwaeYDJGPyKWu7dT9GtU9A", "user_id": "MAjfz5zXTI6Ov4vsEzL9YA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/19/2018", "text": "LOVE THIS PLACE. Everyone is very nice - you can tell it's a family place. It's casual and loud and crowded, and everything is delicious. The octopus and the smoked salmon appetizer are the two things that stand out to me, but I've never had anything bad.Parking is a nightmare, but it's worth it."}, {"review_id": "vQ5naEB7sombdFRUQL1qAA", "user_id": "5f6DkOkwmlcM4bLpSw22vg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "Great food and great ambiance. The baby squids with grilled onions were out of this world. Sirloin tips and shrimps were so delicious. Everything we ordered turned to be good. It was a surprise find and I'll come back again on my next work trip to Jersey."}, {"review_id": "ETv_XO68B10yBA6WiKvPDA", "user_id": "ppdpDpO2A7cbWXfFtIe58Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "Worth the wait!!!!!!First time there and a much needed date night. It was packed and there was an hour wait but we had no kid so we waited, eventually we got seats at the bar. Sangria is on point, the Pulpo is on point, the tabla is on point, the short rib and the damn Paco slider is on point!!!! Service was excellent despite the craziness and the wait. Angel and John, wow amazing service. A true gem, I wish you guys continued success. Met some very nice people and awesome place for a date and will be going back soon!"}, {"review_id": "1nW_1ColZ1CMsCFBVdD-Lw", "user_id": "7bkSdiPwr1M3qTp34LhWVA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "I will start with food as it was the best part. Truly delicious tapas generously portioned to satisfy your hunger.  Main course dishes were even bigger and tasty. Deserts were rather mediocre. However I can't say the same about the ambiance and service. Place is crumped literally squeezed into family room of one family home. Service is slow waiters often confuse your order or bring stuff you haven't ordered. Bottom line place is ok to visit if you're invited but definitely not the best for ironbound."}, {"review_id": "dIgKVZy2muG1gOGstwJzeA", "user_id": "PW-FPm_fZ7spmknmvfriyw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "The place seems to be popular. The service is a bit slow. ensalada da casa - salad with tuna, piquillo peppers, olives, lettuce, tomato, and onions topped with shredded manchego cheese in a balsamic vinaigrette $7: I can barely taste the vinaigrette. It's ok. Nothing special. boquerones en vinagreta - basque white anchovies in a garlic and parsley vinaigrette $10: this one blew my mind. The dish is really good, but very sour at the same time. I wish they give something else to balance the acidity. langostinos a la plancha - grilled tiger shrimp $13: this is the worst in this meal. They over fried the shrimp. So the meat and shell stuck together. pulpo a galega - galician style octopus served with paprika and olive oil t11 r20: the octopus is really tender. The seasoning is a bit bland. patatas bravas - crisp potatoes in our homemade spicy aioli sauce $6: the sauce is separately served in a small bowl. It's pretty good. The potatoes are merely fried. Escalopes al Limón - seared scallops on a bed of mash in lemon butter sauce $10: the scallops are really good. It's very fresh. But they only gave two. I don't get the reason they put mesh potatoes though. Maybe just to make the dish look bigger. We got red wine sangria. Glass is $8, small pitcher is $12, large pitcher is $20. They put a lot of ice in the sangria, so it's really watered down. And it doesn't have fresh and nice fruity smell or flavor. I'm king of disappointed.  Flan: pretty good."}, {"review_id": "tMwaIJf0iwOqhi9mbPMaLw", "user_id": "HotjF8nwDRJAR7zToFkKtw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/13/2017", "text": "I was here this past Thursday to catch up with a friend and we ended up staying until closing!!We got there a little past 5pm so we did not have an issue with parking thankfully or finding a table.  Plus this restaurant only takes reservations for parties of 4 or greater and it got busier as the night progressed so please keep that in mind.I can definitely tell why this restaurant has such high ratings.  Its such a cozy type restaurant with incredible customer service and good food.  We started our night with a pitcher of Passion Fruit Sangria, which I thought it was a little sweet but good nonetheless.  Based on the recommendation from our first waiter, we got Chipirones de Casa (grilled baby squid with onions and cherry peppers), Aguacate Relleno (Avocado shell stuffed with crabmeat and shrimp served with toasted bread drizzled in Olive Oil) and Solomillo de Cerdo con Bacon (Pork Filet Mignon Wrapped in Bacon).  They warned us that the Pork took 20 minutes to make which we were okay with.Everything came out rather quickly and was pretty tasty even though at one point the wrong tapa was brought out.  Instead of the Pork, they brought us the Tips de Sirloin y Camaron which was their sirloin tips with shrimp and Portobello in some type of Brandy sauce.  I had started to eat from it before my friend realized it was the wrong dish! They immediately apologized and took the dish to replace with the correct order.  The waiters were very attentive as well and wore these shirts where the back had the hashtag #NoEmptyCups which they owned! Every time our cups were empty, a waiter would come to fill.  In addition, believe it or not this place is also very kid friendly.  We saw a family come in and they enjoyed a nice family dinner where the waiters also helped with the kids!We stayed so long chit chatting that we ended up switching over to beers lol  They had a great selection from Spain and Philip (not sure if I smelled his name right!) who was from Portugal  was really good with recommending some of their typical beers. He was so awesome and a great waiter!Overall, this place is worth the visit and my only wish was that we had ordered more of their seafood dishes but I think that problem could easily be solved with another visit :)"}, {"review_id": "7W-ORLnV0HQ7GWG865yEVg", "user_id": "nWnTJQuh6CDd_i0ukCSuYQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/4/2018", "text": "Great Spanish restaurant, they really bring the feeling of being back home in Spain. Only concern is if you have a big table, definitely make reservations because it is small, literally the inside of a house, which makes it so warming. Food is delicious and lots of assorted Spaniard Drinks! & all the desserts are homemade! A MUST TRY!"}, {"review_id": "I-scSxP1dAu7dtTD33dMkA", "user_id": "nXQfjfXZyeaXKp6sUJWpSg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "This restaurant was excellent!  I was initially hesitant to try a new restaurant in ironbound because my favorites are so good, but this is a definite treat. Everything was delicious ...the scallops were amazing, the crab and avocado was to die for. It's tiny and was crowded when I was there, so the waiter apologized fir taking a little while to get us started, but honestly the service was just as good as the delectable food."}, {"review_id": "G0m3tuE5iU8aIKO7tYqxCw", "user_id": "5OeEA67G0hJWkE2InqiUaw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/20/2018", "text": "Well worth a 15 minute walk through the Ironbound from Penn Station, this was the best dinner I've eaten in a long time - and I eat out a lot for work and fun. In a quiet neighborhood a few blocks off of Ferry Street, Casa d'Paco has warm and attentive service (Ruben at the bar) and justifiably proud owners (Angel introduced himself to us, told us his dad is the chef, and asked about our dining experience). We had outstanding food and great sangria, and all in a lively, diverse, and mostly local crowd. The food and drink were damn good, like Barcelona quality, here's what we had:The white sangria was tasty and not sweet, just like I like it, and a pitcher is $20, a good deal for those used to city prices.We filled up on five tapas, starting with excellent patatas bravas, cooked perfectly and with a spicy dipping sauce. The aguacate relleno was next, a blend of avocado with crab mixed in and served to spread on crunchy sliced bread. Next up was the tabla española, a plate full of four types of thinly sliced meats: including pepperoni, salami and Iberico ham, with cheese for stacking on the side. The plate had excellent quality meat and this was the dish that made us most feel like we were back  in Barcelona. Two more dishes remained, including a crowd pleading solomillo steak wrapped in bacon and - maybe our favorite - a daily special called zamburiñas rellenas. Two hollowed out scallop shells arrived on a plate, each filled with a blend of warm snow crab, scallop, and cheese: yummy and memorable in taste and presentation.People really like this place, it was completely full during our visit and Yelpers seem to gush over it, too. I'm guessing that the excellent food draws most of us in originally and the professional and proud service and warm energy keeps us coming back. Well done, Angel and family!"}, {"review_id": "1451nGXwUtiQJsuv2T-YAA", "user_id": "_xif1-D7eaowBGegWq3fCA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/24/2018", "text": "Hubby has been here countless times,  however this was my first.  Super busy when we walked in,  sat within twenty minutes, waited at bar.  We ordered several tapas and the famous passion fruit sangria. Amazing is the word I would describe the sangria.  Totally tasty and definitely goes down smoothly. We order many tapas and they were delicious.  My top favorite were the crab cakes, peppers stuffed with crab cakes,  and sirloin tips with shrimp.  I don't remember what the Spanish name for each of them was but every singe one was delicious. I will most definitely be back again and enjoying tapas in this wonderful tucked in paradise!"}, {"review_id": "puoLeezxzCrPubC98HVqcg", "user_id": "Mo9-kVY0dUf_Xiqm9220Dg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/25/2018", "text": "I have been meaning to write a review of this place for a long time.  We have eaten here at least half a dozen times.  The food is always good, the sangria is house made and the staff is always attentive, including the owner who usually stops by each table at some point during the evening. The best flan in the ironbound.The place is small an popular so make a reservation.  You will not be disappointed."}, {"review_id": "nIzIa-zKLktGWeSo6c_t0w", "user_id": "ljhkIEt8oYkQQ8JyZl59yA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/29/2018", "text": "This is literally a home away from home. My family and I eat at Angel's place more than we do in our own home. Keep rocking on over there! This place is literally the creme de la creme of Newark!"}, {"review_id": "aUoB-bP2785oQv45QNY_fA", "user_id": "KAs0HuqE2H9KfYwToWDkvg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/25/2018", "text": "Hidden gem in Ironbound District! My friends and I were looking for a place to eat (as we always do lol) and came across this place via Yelp. We had no expectations and just wanted a bite since we were starving! First, we drive up and Valet Guy was really helpful and parking was nonissue. Second, we walked in and the wait was only 15-20 Mins with available bar seating to start the night as we wait to be seated. At the bar, the bartender was very attentive and made some recommendations - SANGRIA (Passionfruit) was AMAZING! There is also a great selection of wines to choose....Then, we were seated at a table as scheduled and the food was served. The food was delicious and the ambiance only enhanced the experience. We recommend the paella which was enough for 4 people along with any tapas of your choosing. (Note - Guacamole relleno and the pulpo (Octopus) were my personal favorites) Finally, this place was overall magnificent!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/casa-d-paco-newark?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]