[[{"review_id": "FlJsFCm6SPMP-dxkVIlX_Q", "user_id": "nFxmCbP_LbJMXHwXpSQ2bQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/23/2018", "text": "Love their food, but be expected to wait for a seat.All the tacos are $3.25 and come out quick. The margaritas and sangria prepare you to have a good time after you eat. Overall, a small spot with quality food and drinks. Small place and menu, but what they serve is A1."}, {"review_id": "E0Xp7hbZz3T8zfqa9Hk2fw", "user_id": "DJazBrxXifrnivYDQQkViw", "rating": 1.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "Working in this neighborhood this week. Spent $700 on mediocre food and overpriced drinks. Waited for the restroom (only one) for 35 minutes day 1.Day 2 lunch $200 waited and gave up on Bathroom. Came back later and was told I couldn't use it.Rude!Go elsewhere"}, {"review_id": "1ALTgy2i8ttrcXTQ0-R2xA", "user_id": "aQ5zZ-Hj3adcpMu4rvR5NQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "This is my favorite taco place. Ever. Better than Mexico.  Never a bad experience there, even if the wait sometimes can be a bit long.  Tacos are reasonably priced and you can fill yourself up with 3-4 for under 15 dollars which is tremendous value considering the quality.  Carnitas are my go to, but also like the lamb and steak ones. Guac is above average and don't forget that every meal comes with unlimited chips and salsa.I also recommend ordering delivery or take out from them, very reliable."}, {"review_id": "dE0I8OCR8ZLDALmddAc5qg", "user_id": "K7ycpHvXlBkJ1kW0DJawRQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/14/2018", "text": "As authentic as you can get around here! I've tried a variety of plates here but my favorites are still their guac and their tacos, especially the buche and pescado.Come for lunch to avoid the long waits. I tried eating here for dinner on a Tuesday once and everyone was literally crammed like sardines near the entrance...it was actually so crowded that I could barely open the door to leave. The music was also insanely loud - I found lunch to be a lot more comfortable and the music was at a much better volume to chat with friends.Service can be a little rough but food is consistently fast and flavorful. The dishes tend to be on the salty side, and there are some that are unexpectedly spicy (the cabeza taco was a surprise!), but they are all pretty darn delicious. Can't wait for it to warm up so I can check out the outdoor patio area!"}, {"review_id": "-Aq4x2sBFKcCVVddT4vkwg", "user_id": "Zu91grguOkpZx_09dqMTXA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "Ok off the bat, parking sucks. But it's Jersey City, so what do you expect? The place is tiny. Small bar and a couple of high top tables. In total it probably seats 10 people uncomfortably. But the tacos, my friend, the tacos... absolutely delicious. I ordered the barbacoa, which is lamb. I would go back just for this. I don't need to try other tacos. I will, but I don't need to. Tacos are ordered per taco (which I LOVE), so feel free to mix it up. Chips and salsa were clearly homemade and fresh and more importantly (since I was freaking starving) the service was quick. I definitely recommend and I will be back."}, {"review_id": "eCgHKlu3pnAxgjydiTThzQ", "user_id": "YGXED-EYXCd0_7L8EHHP3Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/28/2017", "text": "My friend has been hyping this place up as being her favorite taco spot around and I finally got to try it out. This place is no frills on the inside- it's very small with a dive bar vibe and serves their tacos on paper plates. They start you off with complimentary chips and salsa. We ordered guacamole to start which was very fresh, and the serving size was generous (it was just 2 of us and we had trouble finishing throughout the meal). We split 2 steak tacos and an order of chorizo sopes (2 per order). The chorizo was unexpectedly sweet (I've only had spicy chorizo before) but it was delicious. Everything tasted fresh, flavorful and authentic, and you can't beat the price.The only downside of our visit was the super slow service. We went in on a weekday a little before noon and there was only a couple of tables already seated. Even though tables started to fill up during our meal, it was never completely packed- yet the service was rather inattentive throughout. While the food itself came out quickly, the time spent trying to get our order placed initially and trying to get the check contributed to half the time of our 45 minute visit. I'll be back again, just not when I'm pressed for time!"}, {"review_id": "wAM0OS0DiqyMW91IWuUFcA", "user_id": "-ZhhlENaEtObyy-j13rZaA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/9/2018", "text": "Really delicious tacos! They have a punch of flavor and I only got the vegetarian tacos.This place is really bustling in the evenings. I think the service could be better- I remember the waiter being a bit rude. Other than that, I really recommend this place because it's not only delicious (feels like authentic mexican food) but it's pretty cheap as well! Ps- they have great margharitas as well!"}, {"review_id": "qbIL859S7cg-vrINu4PIaA", "user_id": "DC1hfeeSaYr2E1xwiEL81A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "10/21/2017", "text": "I first tried their location in East Village and absolutely loved their Buche tacos. I have had this placed bookmarked for a while and didn't realize those two locations were owned by the same people. I really wanted to get the Buche taco from this location.We came around 1:45pm on a Saturday and the place was packed. Luckily we didn't have to wait since they had one two person table left. Just like their East Village location, I really like their chips and salsa. The salsa had a lot of cilantro and tastes very fresh.I wanted to get the enchiladas, but unfortunately they do not offer it during brunch. I got the buche tacos again along with the lengua and pescado (all $3.25 each). I thought the tacos at the St. Mark's location was actually slightly better. The buche was still deliciously fatty and savory, but maybe slightly more in East Village. The Lengua had very little flavor. I also thought the pescado was not a good fish taco. The fish was very dry and I mostly just tasted soggy breading.I also tried the Huevos con chorizo which came as scrambled eggs with chorizo (very scrambled, as the eggs were in very small pieces). I recommend getting this dish during brunch. The eggs were so flavorful. It comes with re-fried beans, home fries, and two warm tortillas. The tortillas are awesome!!! They were still warm and had a great chewy texture. I haven't had tortillas that good since a few years ago when I went to Phoenix. With the exception of their fish taco, all of their food was reminiscent of the amazing Mexican food I had in Phoenix."}, {"review_id": "opoosjzqLUzRFo7fvocauA", "user_id": "SItpu_wq24FyYvBgwKBO1g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "Fantastic food. Small place tho, may encounter long wait times. But the food is worth it."}, {"review_id": "5bHhYsxAdiSJ8QrV6TT5Ig", "user_id": "GSNWes8yCQ0LOafRBfVVVA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "I love this place! I'm originally from Mexico and raised in Texas and spent most of my adult life in California. So I know my Mexican food. This place is as close to home as I have had, ever! And I've lived across the country! The pozole on the weekend has rescued me from many a hangover. Love it!"}, {"review_id": "WOv641vsfcdeEvWgYj5-dA", "user_id": "4gZblRcX9AabwHQigTm9Aw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "10/29/2017", "text": "Went here with my boyfriend on Wednesday night around 6:30. We got the last available table and the bar was filled. It was our first time here so we didn't know what to expect from the food but we had heard good things.Complimentary chips and salsa for the table. Probably the best tortilla chips I ever had. The salsa was good too.We ordered 3 tacos each, not really knowing what to expect for size. I got a carnitas, steak, and fish taco. My man got steak, fish, and chorizo. He said the chorizo was his favorite. My favorite was carnitas for sure. They were definitely too small though. Maybe 3 bites (like 4 for me) for each taco. I'd probably order more next time but the flavors were definitely very authentic and delicious.The service was great considering how busy the restaurant was. I do see why this place is raved about and would definitely come back."}, {"review_id": "HuPSgsjE8EsPS5FefuXfoQ", "user_id": "inAorlf6vhc1QMkYEIWDFg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/28/2017", "text": "These taco's are bangin!Came here on a Thursday night around 9PM with another couple and the place was packed. We really wanted to get a seat outside because it was beautiful out but that was a 45 min wait and there was an option of sitting inside and being seated rite then so we went with the obvious option. Once seated we were immediately served fresh chips and salsa, asked for our drink orders and if we wanted to order guacamole, obviously I said yes.  This spot makes some strong margaritas and they are tasty as F**k ( on the sour side ) . As I looked over the menu I noticed a cactus taco and was immediately intrigued and for $2.50 why the hell wouldn't I give something new a try?? We also ordered 4 steak tacos, 1 carnitas along with 1 cactus taco. The guacamole came out super quick and had a lot of onion in it which I really enjoyed. The taco's came out not too long after and looked amazing! I immediately when in on my steak tacos and I was really happy I stuck with the steak. Tender meat served on what I believe to be a homemade tortilla with a little kick of heat from the sauce they serve on it and some creama because creama is always necessary. I was instantly hooked. Now it was time for the cactus taco... ok so it wasn't great but it also wasn't terrible. I don't know how I feel or felt about it, I was just kind of indifferent and still am. The texture is what freaked me out I think.I really want to come back and try some more of this menu and I don't think it will be long before I return!"}, {"review_id": "4MqVudbzNH_Kt9Biez80SA", "user_id": "G9D8fK_ffX1q9kO9i-6_KQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "8/30/2017", "text": "Taqueria is exactly what I think of when I'm looking for an unpretentious good-eats in Jersey city (that hasn't been overtaken with hipsters.) We didn't have reservations, and showed up around 8:00 PM on a Saturday night, fully expecting about an hour wait.  We ordered margaritas, and settled in to wait it out.  In less than 15 minutes, we were told that our table (outside, as requested) was ready.  WHAT?! Crazy awesome luck.Anyways, food. That's why we went here - isn't it?  Food was SUPER cheap! Plus, sine I didn't mention it before, the drinks were STRONG. I'm talking, I-could-only-drink-half-of-it-because-I-had-to-drive-home-in-like-2-hours-and-it-was-hitting-me, STRONG.  So I'll definitely plan better next time #hireUber.  Anyways, the review page is littered with Elite Love and comments on how fast the service is.   That definitely proved true; we sat down, and asked for waters (because we still had our fresh margaritas), and were instantly asked if we also wanted guacamole.  I'm not sure that I understand the questions - who WOULDN'T I want guacamole?!  It comes with cilantro and onions chopped on top (admittedly, the chop was a BIT rough, but I didn't mind #becauseguacamole.)We got stuck chatting, and didn't look at our menus, and had to request \"a couple more minutes\" like 3 times in the span of 30 seconds. (Okay, not 30 seconds, but our waitress definitely was a bit rushy.  I ordered 3 tacos, in reality 2 for me and one for my husband - but it was a bit much.  The fish taco was great, and so was the bistec taco.  The tortillas were a slight bit dry, but overall yummy!  My husband ordered the picadillo platos which was ground beef cooked with potatoes, carrots, peas, and serrano peppers.  It was served with rice and beans, it was really good actually #sharesies.   The atmosphere was super cool - the inside was a bit of a hoarders-dream, every inch of the wall was adorned with some bizarre/funny/raunchy/random thing... It was fun and laid-back which was cool, but I definitely preferred eating outside.  The tables and chairs weren't the most comfortable, but it's probably fit into their goal of a quick turnover.  I would probably go back, definitely for the margaritas, and also to try out more of the menu.  There was so much to try on their menu; flautas, sopes, tostadas, tamales, enchilladas, tortas, burritas, platos, quesadillas gringas, and yummy looking sides!"}, {"review_id": "dPjQ8w-vEDpfObBIVZQYCg", "user_id": "8_xJU4HADrtjDtF6l-9eIQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "8/23/2017", "text": "I get all the raving reviews; friendly staff, cheap food and great ambiance but the food falls short. As a lover of all things Mexican this place just didn't deliver the way I thought it would. Since moving to the area and commuting to work just a few blocks ahead I always pass this place and it's continuously packed. So, on this particular day my bf and I finally decided to give it a try. I wanted to love this place so bad but no. Again, as a Mexican foodie this def isn't a favorite place for food quality. Despite that, I would (and I'm sure I will) go back and that's because of the overall atmosphere. This place creates for a great happy hour or a little pregame sip and drink before heading out somewhere. Even though I don't find this in my top 5 the service, prices and ambiance will keep me coming back."}, {"review_id": "n4jezLyAUP2RGDa_7a-Quw", "user_id": "IGl2xslL30l5LorXydI-nA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/3/2018", "text": "My favorite place in Jersey City:Place , food, service and prices are great. I have had almost every taco and enchilada and so far the only taco I didn't like chorizo but everything else taste great and the margaritas are made fresh and are strong ! Love them; the only downside is the wait sometimes"}, {"review_id": "DUOqLb7gCkmYrGDOE208kA", "user_id": "POiefi6ui-e5u4gnxctMHA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "We came around 6:15 on a Friday evening and of course it was packed! That's partly due to the fact that it's very, very small and loud. Do not expect to have a serious, life changing conversation here. Plus, if you did, the patrons on your right and left would know all about it because they are so close to you. The wait for a party of 2 was 20 minutes. They turnover tables quickly. We sat on the bar stools at the side and had some nice and strong margaritas while we waited. The fish taco was blah. However, the highlights were the pork and the steak. Delicious. I got the steak tacos spicy. The chips and salsa were good as well. I would return when it's a tad bit less crowded but when is that exactly? LOL"}, {"review_id": "NDamiTYPba4yN7i7TAyltA", "user_id": "PXG-proxqxxbFbBoFfRh7w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "7/14/2017", "text": "Taqueria still remains to be one of the most authentic Mexican restaurants around.  I also feel like it contributed to putting Jersey City on the foodie map prior to all the new development in Downtown.As a JC resident, I've of course been here more than a few times but never got around to writing a review.  This review will be a culmination of my last 4-5 trips to their location.  Please note, for pickup or delivery, there is another Grove Street location closer to Hamilton Park that is equally delicious, just takeout.Food: You really can't beat it in the Downtown area.  The food is all cooked fresh and the flavor profiles vary greatly from dish to dish.  You could have an incredibly spicy Barbacoa taco (highly recommend but be prepared for some heat) to a lighter tostada.  The few dishes that I consistently go back to are the Roast Pork Torta and the Barbacoa Taco.Service: This is where the service really varies.  This place is always packed on nice summer evenings or for later night dining.  When they are packed - service sucks.  They are automatically mean and you can tell they already assume you are a drunk baffoon that will waste their time - to be fair, many of the late night crowd is. If you make it in for a weekday lunch - they couldn't be nicer or more on top of their game. Price: The pricing is cheap, even for Jersey City. You can easily eat 2-3 tacos and be under $10 per person.Decor: It's an eclectic miss of 80s Rock, Mexican Traditional and Sports.  It's Jersey City.Notable extras: They have a cute backyard area that is worth checking out."}, {"review_id": "qT75YlULGx9K1Qub_IWBfA", "user_id": "IEXi-wcvchLEUmN7pdEV_Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/15/2018", "text": "This is one of my few favorite taco spots in the area. It's a small spot but the vibes are great. They also have outside seating when the weather is nice. But the foooooood!!!!! Wow! Every single item on the menu is good! The best part is that it's all so cheap! BUT YUMMMY! My boyfriend and I have literally been coming here every Tuesday for the past two  months and we can't get enough of it.Pic: carnitas taco,2 steak quesadillas, chicken noodle soup.("}, {"review_id": "5E-0Z7XmjYUWsNBCBnFZlQ", "user_id": "rQRJ4Mi2EWgNVaVWJGaG4w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/28/2017", "text": "This place is tiiiiny, so expect to wait. And expect to bump into a lot of people as you're walking through.That being said, if you're in the mood for authentic Mexican food for reason prices, this is the place for you. Before I even ate, I knew this place would be legit. Why, you ask? Well, I went to the bathroom to wash up before dinner- turns out they only have a single bathroom for this place. A single bathroom in a Mexican restaurant? Recipe for disaster. While waiting in line for the bathroom, I chatted with 3 different people, all claiming that a different item on the menu is the best thing they've ever eaten. And the kicker? The bathroom was SO CLEAN! Surprise of the century.The chips, salsa and guacamole to start were awesome. The guac was really out of this world. I can't speak for everything on the menu, but I can speak for the tacos, which are goooooood. The steak tacos were my favorite, but you can't go wrong with any of them. They're pretty small, so if you have a larger appetite, feel free to order 6 and not feel bad about it. The only thing I will warn is if they ask you if you want the spicy salsa on the taco or on the side, maybe opt for it on the side. I like spicy, and it tasted really really good, but I was sweating throughout this meal. They weren't joking."}, {"review_id": "wdOTxyb9oRquzrmEMq8VJg", "user_id": "ML2wOf2AisY_xqNDSLAoXQ", "rating": 1.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "Yuck. This place actually has 4 stars? The chicken is BOILED. No salt no flavoring. The guac comes with neither salt nor lime too. The food is so bland and boring it's insulting to good Mexican cuisine."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/taqueria-downtown-jersey-city?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]