[[{"review_id": "Nv7ezy9VtupKa5UUR-H7hg", "user_id": "Bq4305q2mYwSqfSOKF0bRQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/10/2018", "text": "Wow! Incredible food! I've had the most softest tofu in my life here!This place was a pick of my husbands and on a weeknight, I had gone there only knowing that it got a 4.5 star rating. Now, I know why. The owner/chef/host/server I.e., Yuth, is simply a wonderful guy who handles the show with a constant smile and effortless energy! We ordered the crab cakes (which were the best my husband had ever), the Thai red curry, the blackberry strawberry smoothie and the Thai iced tea. Every single item was on point and extremely delicious! Will definitely be going back. Good luck guys!"}, {"review_id": "QPWLlGe2iS3e9trgyd1hZA", "user_id": "6wJUkXZ03Qw9qbxehpux-A", "rating": 1.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Interior is a bit different with mismatching tables and chairs, but whatever.Vibe is a very chill like a hipster place in brooklyn; more like a coffee house feel.Their pad thai is so not pad thai; aioli/mayo concoction on top?!?! it's not a sushi roll!Green curry with chicken dish was confused.Another example of a place that tries too hard to be cool and utterly fails."}, {"review_id": "THyQToQv-8e9ZYOHcogrlg", "user_id": "YJWhrEbJO_InSlR5zpUiwA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/12/2018", "text": "Really fun and interesting place.  I think that the owner literally conducted every part of our meal - seating us, taking our order, cooking our food, checking us out, and cleaning up after us.  That said, he really could have used a waiter....as once the quirkiness wow factor was over, we were hungry and wishing for attention!I'd recommend this place though - the food is really good.   The menu is creative.  Just go when you have the time to be patient."}, {"review_id": "rqGqtJF1s_BkvIOf8Jz47w", "user_id": "x1ZeQbGxfTPZ2BM0VcWs9w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/17/2018", "text": "- Decor: The decor is really ordinary, in fact so underrated that you're going to question yourself a bunch of times before you enter the place. The name written on the outside is pretty unclear and I found myself googling and yelping to verify that I was indeed outside the right place. The place itself is small in the inside and doesn't have the capacity to hold multiple large groups at a time. Brownie points to the black board and chalks that provide some room for art :)- Service: I can't say enough kind words about the folks who were serving us. The service was fast, fluent and absolutely bang on in terms of communication.- Food [the real deal] : We ordered two dishes, the kimchi broth [vegetarian] and the Pad Thai. The Pad Thai was brilliantly garnished. It was soft with an adequate amount of spice and flavor all of which had such a great role to play in taking this dish to the next level. My simple recommendation is to try it out if you ever come here.This is one place that definitely needs some better branding. As you might have already noticed, they don't have their own web-page and the menu on Yelp looks outdated. I hope that changes purely because this place is an absolute must for anyone staying in JC area."}, {"review_id": "KhggoV4ImVjN1BFESRAiCA", "user_id": "R2p2MbIL3qFhyg1CvlEH8Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/19/2018", "text": "Got to try this place the other night! Boyfriend and I stopped by for dinner on a rainy day after work since we were craving Thai food and something new!The store is very small with about 4 large seating areas, each area holds about 6 people if I remember correctly. We were sat at the table near the window and radiator and offered a bottled water each.The menu is simple, yet little confusing if it is your first time. The waiter helped us with ordering and we ordered a pad Thai with shrimp and Green Curry with yam noodles and grilled octopus.The Pad Thai was spicy and served with very thin noodles. It definitely is not your normal pad thai but still delicious. Flavors are good and the dish was beautiful.  Green Curry with Grilled octopus with yam noodles. I enjoyed this MUCH more than the pad thai even tho both are good. The octopus was delicious and I definitely recommend going with that as your protein if you like octopus. I like the green curry with yam noodles however it does have more of a mushy texture.Overall everything was delicious and we definitely will come back again. The portions are on the smaller side tho, so if you usually eat a lot I would recommend ordering 2 items each or 3 items sharing 1."}, {"review_id": "gBny4hWu--KlpRST0Vc8TA", "user_id": "stOAlmzYYd4PIH4hY9y0bA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "This is my favorite restaurant in JC. The food is delicious, creative, and satisfying. The owner is great, too; he is so friendly and cheerful. It's not quite your standard Thai food - more like Thai-Japanese fusion. We've been a couple of times now, and the quality has always been consistently high. The green curry and red curry are both authentic, balanced, and flavorful. The tom yum ramen was unique and had a great kick to it.This is (usually) a one man show; the owner is the sole chef/waiter, so don't expected to just come in for a quick bite on a Friday evening, for example. But even when things are busy, he's very good about setting the expectation in terms of wait times.Overall, I highly recommend this restaurant!"}, {"review_id": "lyqW2ZZCa2M4a2D1qcOWaw", "user_id": "JPhmT7UG9A3TdHIgEUbb4g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/25/2018", "text": "Oh boy, Oberto! Look out, Michelin Guide publishers! Look out, Anthony Bourdain! Look out, Flavortown!There is nothing better than a meal with a story, and PR&iNCE fits the bill.What is PR&iNCE? The top restaurant worth visiting in Jersey City. The restaurant is understated, clean, airy, and modernly designed. It looks and feels cool, and makes you feel cool. On a Sunday afternoon, PR&iNCE is operated by a solo agent - an early-twenties Thai man who claims to be nearly 50. He flies around the restaurant, collecting orders, cooking, cleaning, and darting around the kitchen.The menu is less than a page, but represents a wide range of complexity of pan-Asian flavors. Pork belly, shrimp, octopus, ribs, salmon, chicken, ground beef, mussels, and crab cake - each with their own accompanying flavor profile ranging from Thai curry to Korean BBQ. The dishes come in two carnations: noodle (choose pad thai, sweet potato noodle in curry or miso chili, buckwheat, udon, or rice blend) or soup (egg noodle, buckwheat, udon, or sweet potato) in chicken, garlic, or tom yum flavor with shrimp and octopus or pork belly, chicken, or ribs.We opted for one of each - pad thai in pork belly and sweet potato ramen in pickle garlic with ribs.The food is best described as a ridiculously beautiful fresh orgy of color. Fresh, ever-so-lightly, seasoned kale salad is delicately married with a bite of the thinnest vermicelli in the pad thai because of \"more flavor\". Pork belly is explosively flavorful, and the portions, while on the smaller side, are perfectly balanced.In the ramen bowl, noodles come on the softer side, so ask for al dente if you prefer something on the \"QQ\" side of things. The portions of rib are generous, and come perfectly undercooked. Awash in flavor, you might overlook the fact that the meats are perfectly cooked, flavored, and seasoned.This restaurant is at dangerously high risk for being featured in an upcoming industry article or TV show because every element of its story, and its photogenic and humble proprietor are poised for a breakout.To that I have to say this: There is no restaurant here. And if there is, you won't like it at all. Don't even think about coming here. And that guy you see there through the window, enjoying the hell out of a great meal - that's definitely not me."}, {"review_id": "KC1065GNOUBiwkqEYRgBEQ", "user_id": "LMWouQGLxKSN3qygfSOFAQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "Best ramen I ever had. Quantity is perfect for one. I had egg noodles with medium spicy sauce.Close to Grove St station."}, {"review_id": "cfgC6ywDZ38mv3uqPVlxxw", "user_id": "8_xJU4HADrtjDtF6l-9eIQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/27/2017", "text": "This place is certainly still developing.I believe Pr&ince just moved to this new location and still needs some time to really progress. There is only one man that works here so you can only image. Yes, he is the waiter, chef , and anything else you could imagine in a restaurant. With that said, he does a good job with trying to make sure all the customers are satisfied but it's almost impossible to attend to every single customer's needs when you're just one person. Despite that, as I stated above, the owner is a really good guy and wants to make sure the customers really love the food. It's also not your typical Thai place. No matter what Thai place I come across, I always seem to order the same thing #noshame and that's the Pad See Ew. To my surprise, being as though this is a Thai restaurant, there was no Pad See Ew on the menu. I ordered the shrimp pad thai -- every.single.thing was great! So rich in flavor and although not items I would gravitate to, I will def be back to support this place."}, {"review_id": "aJiluK7XuAgX8kaJqPiTSw", "user_id": "jcSLeR_uYW86Ozt8X6taBw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/4/2018", "text": "Ate here only once so far. Not your typical Thai food. Food here has more of a gourmet flare without being uppity or too expensive ($11-14 dishes). Also seems that most dishes put a healthier spin on Thai food - such as buckwheat and sweet potato noodle options, and quinoa in your Thai tea shake. Got:-Pad thai with ground beef (because I heard the beef was spicy) - give this 3.5/5 - wasn't very spicy by our standards, but I'm Korean and bf is Indian, so we like spice!  Noodles are thin vermicelli which I did not love. Flavor was bold but also beware if you don't like overly fishy tastes. They use bonito flakes pretty generously. I liked it, but bf couldn't eat too much as the fish flavor threw him off. Or just ask for it without bonito. -Pork belly sweet potato noodle stir fry with green curry sauce gets 4.5/5 for me. The dish overall feels really healthy (despite the pork belly). The pork belly meat is amazing and not too fatty with excellent flavor and generous amounts of meat. The spice and flavor of the green curry sauce was on point (I asked for more spice) but I did feel like they could have put a tad more sauce. It comes with a fresh kale side salad with shaved beets, and also two wedges of roasted sweet potato. Perfect portion for me but could tell bf could still eat. Good thing we got the Thai iced tea which also isn't your traditional version. LARGE cup with crushed ice throughout, not as sweet as usual, and with a heaping serving of red quinoa which added an interesting texture and made the drink last a lot longer as you had to stop and chew frequently. Also very filling! At first $5 seemed hefty but definitely not after I saw what you get for it. The owner/server were super sweet, water refills on point, and comfortable ambiance. I think this place is an excellent addition to Jersey City's downtown as it is doing something DIFFERENT at an appropriate price point. We need more of that. Too many fancy, new, overly priced, cookie cutter places opening in JC."}, {"review_id": "Rk7ASkBhggJtStPI_tDg4A", "user_id": "RGM33eh40cUQxideZohj1g", "rating": 1.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Is this place ever open? I just went there and it's closed (630 on a Tuesday). Went there a few weeks ago on a Sunday and it was closed. There we no hours posts in the window but yelp says it's open"}, {"review_id": "CFGRFnNr3k4FLcHtmZMu9w", "user_id": "LEyL2tOX5av376luLzuLhw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "Great food, fun vibe. Loved their mango smoothie, which came with quinoa! So refreshing!"}, {"review_id": "vhSVV2DQRsO46I3f6qhuXw", "user_id": "4m5r38m8ucnM9dlARsIK5A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/26/2018", "text": "Randomly was in the area - and after some yelp research and Thai cravings, came across this place.Cute little hole in the wall. Not sure how new it is or if they're doing renovations but the window seemed to be having some work done. Not at the time, and it didn't disturb the experience, but it was sort of random to see it sectioned off and power tools laying around.I got the pork belly pad thai and it was delicious. Their choice of noodles were different than the classical norm pad thai, but did not bother me. The flavoring was on point and I would definitely go back. Also, their version of bubble tea is kind of weird, not going to lie, but also very delicious. There's a lot of ingredients in it, but it all worked well.The only reason I gave it 4 stars was because there must have been some sort of call out or schedule mix up, but the poor guy was working by himself. I mean - greeter/host, served you your food and also was the one making it. By the time we had left he was serving about 8 tables. And he kept apologizing for the wait/issues, but seemed very overwhelmed. I would be too! With that, it did take a little longer than usual. We were seated right away, but it took about 15 minutes to place an order. Again, this was a one off situation.Super yummy, give it a try!"}, {"review_id": "caWbS6HDU1_HZQBsQVTfyA", "user_id": "LTb4ctVSLTcI05Uc1XVwZQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/9/2018", "text": "If you are expecting traditional Thai food, your craving will not get satisfied here. However, the food is quite delicious (very spicy though). I ordered the curry chicken pad Thai and it was good, but the sauce overpowered the meal. The food also took a while to come (~25 minutes after ordering). I also ordered a Thai tea which was blended with almond milk and cereal. The drink was overly sweet and came after I finished my entree. There is also a decent amount of seating at this place (one large table and three smaller tables). I had a good meal here but wasn't overly amazed."}, {"review_id": "5ngYUB2iUMtueOVyf1gKmg", "user_id": "Twxsojbsaow_ctPeHtiq0Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/22/2018", "text": "The food was good but the service was better. Honestly I can say the strange quirkiness of the waiter/chef was what made the experience worth 4 stars, the food would get 3. He was very helpful and animated, had a silly sense of humor, and was the main appeal because the seating and layout of the restaurant looked it was a room still under construction. I saw support beams, and sketches all over the place, so I wouldn't call this a place you want to take a first date.If you are in the area and want some decent Thai with a funny guy to serve you up, go for it. The cost of the dishes are worth the entertainment, ootherwise the food is good but forgettable."}, {"review_id": "XebJ7OJYTNizJlvQOIPvIg", "user_id": "Ysa_9xuwd5NyzwXZ5nOGjw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/24/2018", "text": "Best Thai food I've had. What a surprise for JC downtown!!! Thrown together decor gives a hint this is no ordinary place"}, {"review_id": "xdnsHiHJLXfhlzALWD7PLg", "user_id": "3vxDr2YYlqL94mocOgBRNQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/13/2018", "text": "An Asian fusion place serving Thai style dishes. Very simple menu on a printed paper. Only have few noodle or rice with one choice of protein or noodle soup bowl. Staff is very friendly to everyone. The inner deco is simple but I felt very comfortable in the restaurant. Had pork belly Pad Thai noodle. I wouldn't call it pad Thai though. Use angel hair rice noodle with very tasty pork belly. Sweet and sour taste, with Japanese fish flakes on the top. And also decorated with salad mixed with green leaves,beets and corn. I like the overall taste and nice display. A bit too sweet for me."}, {"review_id": "Ln2urm7mY23tDMIGuBYXmA", "user_id": "isilLts_tupKm4-pN2FAFQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/5/2018", "text": "I came on two previous occasions to find they were closed. Happily, third times a charm! Small quaint little place, newly reopened from a previous location. Menu is small but enough options to satisfy most. Pick a protein then a noodle.  I had the red curry chicken with Pad Thai noodle. My daughter had Pork Belly with the Pad Thai. Comes with a small side salad.  Very good flavors! On the spicy side with the red curry although I was told it was not.  Portions could be bigger but reasonably priced for the area.  The owner is very friendly.  Will definitely return!"}, {"review_id": "hrET5Gik65LWZlmlVHFdbQ", "user_id": "1uzZf1UAOmXtL3xiRN19OQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "1/28/2018", "text": "If you call it Pad Thai, I will judge the noodles based on other Pad Thais. Ordering from here midweek, I was not in the mood for experimental nouveau fusion but in need of something comforting and familiar. The noodles that they call Pad Thai are a foreign dish with rice noodles, Bonita flakes, mayo and a crab cake. It was delicious, but just did not satisfy my craving. We also ordered the curry chicken with buckwheat noodles. The noodles were springy. The curry was sweet with a hint of coconut but lacked a punch of spice.  Perhaps I'll try this place again with a fresh point of view."}, {"review_id": "8RCOqnPlsnWUJBpxmTq0QA", "user_id": "84t6jpyclA55TMfMV0X0kA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "6/7/2017", "text": "Best Thai food in Jersey City or possibly the best Thai food ever. Yup, I just went there.But seriously, Pr&ince is SOOOOO good. I'm not sure why I've avoided going for so long but from here on out will be my go-to Thai spot. They are a little off the beaten path from downtown, but totally worth the trek. Plus, this blows all of downtown's Thai options out of the water.Pr&ince is a whole in the wall, so don't expect a great ambiance. Luckily their food makes up for all of that. The place is a one man show. The owner is just hanging out cooking in the kitchen and that's it. There is no other staff there. They have a few tables for dine-in, but you can tell that most of the business is take out. The menu isn't huge - salads, rice bowls and pad thai with various protein options. The protein options are funky! You won't find beef, shrimp or chicken pad thai. Instead they serve squid, pork belly and crab cake.Two of us split orders of crab cake and pork belly pad thai. The dish comes with thin rice noodles (again, very different from traditional pad thai) and am ample amount of protein. The crab cake was a little spicy, but incredibly flavorful and moist. The pork belly was fatty, juicy and perfect. Each dish came with a side of crunchy broccoli salad - delicious, and also unlike anything that I've seen at a 'traditional' Thai restaurant. I've heard rumors that Pr&ince is moving downtown, and I really hope that is true. For now, I'll happily make the trip further up Newark ave to snag a perfect and authentic order of Pad Thai. There's really nothing better."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/pr-and-ince-jersey-city-2?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]