[[{"review_id": "TcTmjwP9y5o1y3wvnzpbaA", "user_id": "46Wi08T5D3phf3SMgi7U3w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "When you think Jersey City, you probably don't think seafood. Well, think again my friends because Hooked JC will have you coming back for more in no time. Lobster rolls - meaty and delicious Peel & eat shrimp - do it Crack & cheese(mac & cheese/blackened crab cake) - it would be a sin to pass it up Fries - my favorite kind and the perfect compliment to your mealThe extensive menu featuring fresh catches of the day, platters, sandwiches, quality of food and a friendly staff including the owner have already made me a return customer. Take advantage of the free parking in front of The Factory.Bring some beer and relax like you are eating at a restaurant down the shore. Finally do yourself a flavor and eat in. If you ain't hooked yet, you will be soon!"}, {"review_id": "TN9v5eFM9Z4bf_kGTqHq-w", "user_id": "yga0sAW9eC7bAZsJeyogcQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "Hooked JC is tucked away over in the Bergen Lafayette section of Jersey City. From the outside it looks like an old time dive bar. On the inside it looks like an old time dive bar but one with a lot of kitsch nautical items dotted around. However Hooked isn't a dive bar, it doesn't even have a liquor license, (BYOB from the liquor store a block away) instead it's a casual fish restaurant, offering an interesting selection of seafood all cooked and served up as if you are in an actual fish shack at the beach. We went for a Saturday lunch and I was surprised to find it fairly busy considering it's out of the way location. The owner was there and he went out of his way to make us feel welcome and explained in detail about the daily specials. The staff are friendly, you order at the counter and pay and they bring your food to you when it's ready, and we didn't have long to wait until our seafood feast arrived. We each had a platter which comprises a fish item which comes fried, grilled or blackened (we had fried shrimp and fried oysters) and is served with hand cut french fries, hush puppies and coleslaw. Everything on the platter was excellent, fresh, tasty and generously portioned - so good! We also ordered a pair of blackened crab cakes which were superb, full of sweet crab meat with no filler.There's a big back room and Hooked JC would be a great place for a large group. Prices were very reasonable and there were lots of small things that made this a cool spot such as the 'fake newspaper' the food is served on, the selection of home made help yourself sauces - cocktail, remoulade etc, and the free fruit infused 'fancy waters'. It was very welcoming and had a very homely vibe as well as great food. If you haven't been to Hooked JC yet you should, it's worth the journey!"}, {"review_id": "27elYniWrAk-DvDjpkxnbQ", "user_id": "-T44q0D6oPaq0CJMZcmmjw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "I went here and ate the fried oysters and crab cakes my wife had the prawns, it's a little quirky spot a rose between many thorns, located basically behind liberty state park, the food was very good large portions and well cooked the chips/French fries were excellent and the hush puppies were awesome, the oysters came by weight and were a generous portion as were the prawns, the crab cakes we had blackened and enjoyed too lots of flavor going on there.The decor is very nautical inspired and fun with wood paneling throughout with nets, floats and pictures and all manner of nautical artifacts.Service was good order at the counter and pick up or they bring the food to you, friendly staff and owner.Conclusion good value for money seafood in a developing area of JC, yes I will go again also BYO"}, {"review_id": "Jw7NzP15RLPYhF5PX-wZpw", "user_id": "yF8icCBqkJGmvrcX0yGbjg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/27/2018", "text": "If you are a seafood lover like I am this is a good spot to try in Jersey City. From the outside you can miss the place entirely if you don't pay attention. There is some parking around the corner from the place. Its a small restaurant with a few tables in the front and some more in the back as well. The tables were pretty small for people to eat in comfortably. They have some infused fruit water for the customers to drink. This is a BYOB place and I came here during lunch time. You basically go order in the front and they bring the food to your table. I noticed that you clean up yourself with the two trash bins in the restaurant they provide. I ordered the lobster roll platter with fries, cole slaw, and hush puppies. I also ordered the blackened scallops by itself. It was pretty pricey but you can always expect seafood to be. The lobster roll was delicious and along with the blackened scallops as well. They both came with with a small spring salad mix with both platters. Overall, the food is good but not something you can eat everyday due to the price of seafood. Its really once in a while you can treat yourself food spot. Also, the area is kind of sketchy so I would recommend going with a couple of friends to eat. The servers were nice and provided good service so I will be back at some point."}, {"review_id": "dCrKSSdfLRei-mvSy9sYQQ", "user_id": "fsYQCAOzFdNSEFSVa08E4Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/20/2018", "text": "Came here for the first time for dinner on an early Saturday evening. After all of the great reviews I've been wanting to try this place for quite a while. We found parking on a side street around the corner so that wasn't too bad. Upon entering we waited at the counter to place our order. We ordered a blackened monkfish platter, a shrimp po' boy, and a side of Mac and cheese. They also have some refreshing complimentary fruit infused water that was great. We gathered our condiments, cutlery, napkins,  and took a seat in the rear dining room to wait for our order. I tried the Mac and cheese first and it was creamy and very tasty. The Shrimp Po' Boy had perfectly fried jumbo shrimp, the bread was fresh, the veggies crisp and the remoulade sauce was really delicious. The fries were ok too. The monkfish was flaky and delicious as well and I also enjoyed the hush puppies. As far as the restaurant itself I'd definitely say it's a dive, how it looks on the outside you'd never expect such good food inside. Having said that the employees were all great and the food was delicious... I would definitely go again. I guess what they say is true \"Looks can be deceiving\" ;)"}, {"review_id": "59JXmWmR5UqflCAH8mIDmA", "user_id": "GNc4qnJ7qfzLE4XYZPOJWw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/19/2018", "text": "What to eat: daily catch blackened or grilled, scallops, hushpuppies. And alllll the homemade sauces. This place is just fun. It's like a dive bar except it's BYO and they happen to serve delicious fresh fish. The people that work there are very nice and helpful. They will give you their recommendations and help you get set up if you're a first timer. You can skip the fried shrimp and fried pickle apps and save your appetite for the real stuff. I will surely return."}, {"review_id": "8SBoDK1plVB8etRQ1StGtw", "user_id": "iePCiaqrMz79hMy9RVj_WQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "Service: Awesome. Very friendly and personable. Less than 15 minutes wait for takeout. Love Denise!Quality: If you come when they first open you can watch as they break down the fish. Most of it was literally swimming that morning! Can't get any fresher!Food: I ordered the fried shrimp and oyster po boys initially but while standing there i noticed the taco of the day and figured that would be perfect for the ride home. So i added one of those, fried pickles and hush puppies. Everything fried was awesome! Stayed crispy and warm all the way home. The taco I ate in the car and it was just alright. I wish it had some sort of spice. Sauce alone just wasn't hitting it. Next time I'll ask for it blackened. Coming back for sure. The daily catches change 3-4 times a week. You can't get any fresher or a wider variety at this price point. Music was groovin and parking was easy.Tip: Bring a shot of gin to spike your Fancy Water"}, {"review_id": "Vs8Vh6J7CsF66oWrREcSFw", "user_id": "YVE3XVlCdxz7zMu2OyNNRw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/10/2018", "text": "This is going to be a long one. Came here for dinner on a rainy night with the family and it did not disappoint. When my sister mentioned fresh seafood in Jersey City, I thought she was out of her mind. This place is in the middle of nowhere. Literally. Once you walk in, it has a dive bar feel to it. VERY casual. There are seats by the bar, up front and a bunch of tables in the back. As soon as you walk in, you place your order and take a seat. When your order is ready, someone will call your name and bring the food to you. The lady who took our order was so friendly, patient and informative.We had the lobster roll, grilled tuna platter, fried pickle chips, seafood gumbo and the crack & cheese. Best lobster roll ($18) ever. It was perfectly seasoned and very fresh. Not too much mayo or butter. The bun was packed with lobster. This beats all the other lobster rolls I have had at other famous joints. The fried pickle chips ($7) were so addictive! Best paired with their thai chili aioli sauce! I didn't try the gumbo but my sister loved it. The crack and cheese ($13) was delicious as well and my personal favorite. Who doesn't love mac and cheese and crab cake?! Best combo ever. It is a little pricey but it is very filling. I also tried the hush puppies from the platter and that was pretty good. It tasted like a mix between a cornbread and mashed potatoes.The sauces are made from scratch and the thai chili aioli is my favorite. If I didn't live so far from this place I would've packed some to go! Will definitely be returning whenever I'm in the area. Make sure you try some of that fancy water too!"}, {"review_id": "h2d_6xp7rY0NdvB7siEKQQ", "user_id": "dMhhSGloGEM0mObSm6hvlQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/5/2018", "text": "I've had this place bookmarked for so long, and I am so disappointed in myself that I did not come sooner. If you are an avid seafood lover, this is the joint for you. Fresh seafood, including fresh local catch every day from our shores!First off, I ventured in on a Tuesday evening, and the place were pretty empty, one two other tables being occupied. The set up is very causal, and informal. You pick your seat, menus are on the table, when you are ready, you head up to the register to order & place. No servers to keep costs down, which I am all for. I opt for a blackened chicken over the house salad, which include field greens, roasted tomatoes, fried capers, sunflower seeds, and house dressing. The chicken are so flavorful, and moist, it was truly magical. I'd come back simply for the salad it self! My girlfriend decided to do the lobster roll platter, which include the roll, fresh cut fries, and coleslaw. She was truly a little monster when it came, and demolished it. The lobster roll was a cold roll though, so I am a bit bias because I do prefer hot rolls, however the amount of lobster meat is unbelievable, it was overflowing, when do you ever see that? Next, we decided to share an order of blackened crab cakes. The crab cakes had huge chunks of crab! The blackened flavor adds depth to it. Next time, I will pair it with a salad though. The person who greeted us, and took our order was one of the owners, Troy (If that isn't the name, I am so sorry!), he was super friendly, and informative of the menu items. There actually is even a binder they created of all the different types of fish they serve, and it was honestly cool to learn about what they are offering. And they have \"FANCY\" water for you aka water in jugs infused with fruit. My water was infused with pineapple, and it was quite fancy and delicious! The experience was overall a fantastic one, the food, vibe and people were all great."}, {"review_id": "-FSjT2xD8rNJDyOw-Yfeug", "user_id": "5AySt8pgPB9qzu_pxiFuHg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/18/2018", "text": "Heard of this place by word of mouth and saw it here on Yelp and finally gave it a try tonight.  It had two seating areas.....a front bar like area and a back table area.  Don't expect anything fancy.....this is strictly a divey hole in the wall restaurant.  Nothing fancy.The food was outstanding, my friend and I both had the lobster roll platter and I was impressed.  The lobster roll was very large (some places make them very small).  The lobster was delicious, very large chunks of lobster on a good size warm butters roll.  The fries were also delicious and it came with pretty good hush puppies too.The sauce bar was pretty cool too....I had the remoulade sauce which was really good.....my friend had the other sauces and he enjoyed them too.  It's all serve yourself so be prepared for that too.The owner was very nice too.....explained the menu and was very attentive.  Anyone reading this get out and support local small business owners.  Especially one who puts out a really good food like this guy is doing."}, {"review_id": "sq69LG3YRwTMTW99IJDi6g", "user_id": "mQFAor0RuKX1DQlUsmQh3Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/4/2018", "text": "Scratch kitchen, excellent seafood! I love this place and it fills a void that Jersey City has which is an all around seafood joint. Everyday the fish options are different but regardless it taste great. Typically I like to get scallops or shrimp, fried over kale salad. My only negative, the sides I am not crazy about. Mainly the mac and cheese, not a fan of the style they make. Eat Plenty Yelpers."}, {"review_id": "Mi8IBPB6fG8PKITD707YCA", "user_id": "Jaq3aXvYpBAjyoKiQwhnzw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/5/2018", "text": "My partner and I were very happy with our first experience at Hooked JC: there was very, very friendly service, a fun atmosphere, a simple but tasty menu, and it was BYO with a liquor store down the street (see my review for Junction Liquor).As I said, service was great. We bought Corona and Hooked JC provided both refrigerated beer mugs and lime when I asked for it. They were patient with the menu and gave thorough explanations. There was a super fun vibe in the restaurant.The reason for 1 star off is because I felt a bit shortchanged with the size of my fish portion. That being said, the mac and cheese side was delicious, as was the cole slaw. I hope to be back soon."}, {"review_id": "TZbHi-Sex4nJwJ9sgj8e6A", "user_id": "bd_f2I_Eh8A8PowewpbItQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/4/2018", "text": "Five stars for both food and service. In terms of the atmosphere, just be prepared and embrace the hole in the wall vibeWe tried the fish (swordfish) tacos and the blackened fish sandwich - everything was great, fresh and prepared quickly. Just be warned... the portions are gigantic so you can likely split one of the Po boy platters. A pleasant surprise was the diversity of sauces to pick from, and self serveYes it's out of the way and also a little different, but it's a welcome change of pace from Irish pubs, sports bars and Italian restaurants in the area."}, {"review_id": "KS48w29e6aiadn3_56_p-w", "user_id": "wTD1iHKQ8kgmznlOaD6zJw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "Didn't take any pictures because I dove into the food and never looked back! Was my first time here as I was working from home today and I needed something for lunch that was tasty, nearby, and not too expensive. Saw this place on Yelp and suddenly found myself here! I ordered the blackened shrimp po boy and crack and cheese side (crab meat and their creamy mac). Soooo good! The hand cut fries were delicious. The remoulade sauce on the po boy was amazing. The shrimp was fresh and cooked to perfection. I plan on coming back and dining in WITH friends. Especially due to the fact that I never even knew this place was existed...and I live right down Communipaw! How insane is that?"}, {"review_id": "6itNzVriImvSS5YfCl62TA", "user_id": "VnXgwc4oEjLtFmChNYXRIQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/15/2017", "text": "As soon as we walked in, we were greeted and told it's a casual spot, so we were able to sit anywhere we wanted. The woman behind the counter was friendly and super informative. She told us about all the different types of fishes and options to order. Love that this place catches local fish! I'm talking about New Jersey local!! Yay!!I ordered the lobster roll, and it was tasty. Very filling, and I loved the warm, buttered bread. I ordered cole slaw on the side though, and it was not tasty at all. It actually tasted a bit old and unfresh. :(My husband got a fish sandwich which he enjoyed. It came with a good amount of fries, which were tasty but also very salty for my liking. Lastly, I gotta say, when we first walked in, I was turned off because there was a bad smell. It's also dark and dingy in there. It may be part of their nautical theme, but I think the place could be cleaner.All in all, I am happy that we checked them out, but I don't know if I'll be going back."}, {"review_id": "YU-AsD4YbR5LeR3H5pUuHQ", "user_id": "hcZqq-a16ZTjaM2p2MljTg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/5/2018", "text": "This is the place to get your seafood fix in Jersey City. No frills, plenty of thrills ( you are in the Bergen Lafayette area, after all), and very, very chill.Only complaint is that the food came out a bit lukewarm.They also have one chicken dish on the menu for that one friend. You know, that one.Must try dishes: crabcakes in mac n cheese ( I think they call it crack n cheese), scallopsBYOB."}, {"review_id": "2YOWByt6yMS9-d_rW8BRzQ", "user_id": "eKL7ULIZOe1ci-Nqb6RcIQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/10/2018", "text": "Tried this place after reading about it and it didn't disappoint! Tucked away from downtown, this divey seafood place is worth the trek. It's bigger than I'd imagined, with a front area and a much larger dining room in the back.We brought the kiddos and they had a great time with the crayons and coloring books the waitress brought over. You order off the menu based on what the catches of the day are and they shuttle the food over to your table when ready. We ordered the fried pickles, a shrimp po boy, and the grilled fish. Fried pickles were yum, and I think I tried every sauce off the sauce table (all good). Pickles were perfectly breaded and the ratio of breading to pickle was awesome.The shrimp po boy didn't disappoint - and surprisingly on par with some of the best po boys we've had in New Orleans. Bread was good, shrimp was meaty and well flavored, and ratios of fillings to bread was right. Grilled fish was delish too. Only minus was the fries. They handcut their fries which means the fries have to be fried and delivered to your table almost right away because the longer they cool, the tougher they get which was the case for us. But kudos to them for making the effort to handcut fries! Overall, definitely worth the trek for your seafood fix (and without breaking the bank!)"}, {"review_id": "ZlqlpXQMQtpxL-5-2knuHQ", "user_id": "ddijflQ_X0fICsPJ4CXnGg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/18/2017", "text": "Went here last week with my boyfriend for the first time with high expectations as all of our friends and fellow food bloggers had been recommending it. I don't eat fish, but I saw that they had a few vegetarian options on the menu, so I was still looking forward to it.We almost missed the restaurant when we arrived - it's at the corner of a very dimly lit intersection and pretty easy to miss at night. We walked in and it was much smaller than expected, but really cozy - what I would expect from a local seafood shack in a fisherman's village. My family used to vacation in Gloucester aka home of the Gorton's fisherman and this definitely reminded me of my summers there as a kid.The servers were extremely helpful in explaining the different options, the three different fresh catch of the day that are overnighted from different locations, and how they recommended each one cooked. She showed us where their \"fancy\" water with strawberries and basil was and all of the different sauces. We ended up ordering fried pickles, mac and cheese, fried mahi mahi poboy, and a grilled vegetable platter. The HUGE serving of fried pickles was so crispy and not at all greasy (we ended up with leftovers of this). The mac and cheese was alright - probably our least favorite dish of the night - just kind of average. The mahi mahi was light, not fishy at all, fried perfectly and the portion was so generous my boyfriend could barely fit the whole poboy in his mouth. It came with fries, as did the grilled vegetables, and they were well seasoned, but could have been a little hotter.I had no expectations for the veggies, but they were so flavorful and you could taste the char on them, which I love. The hush puppies on the side were out of this world, especially with the honey butter. The jicama apple slaw was also really delicious. In fact, it was the first slaw that I actually liked.Overall, you can't beat the quality and quantity of the food here for the prices they're selling them at. Most of the items on the menu cap out at $12 and that is an entree with a side with the exception of the lobster. Unbeatable deal.Oh, also, we didn't know it was BYOB before coming, so heads up! Otherwise they have the number of a local liquor store that will deliver."}, {"review_id": "cYowqh1wWryHqtbx-FXPdQ", "user_id": "U64HvXaOCnheuy901GAUyw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/27/2018", "text": "If you want fresh seafood THIS IS THE PLACE! I love the way this place is set up. It's def. something different. The staff and the owner were the most friendliest people ever. The service was great and made the food even more enjoyable. We ordered their Mac and cheese which was amazing! We also had their crab cakes filled with meat! The lobster roll which was also filled. The roll was over flowing with the lobster meat. We also tried the catch of the day blackened. Everything in this place was def. fresh and made very well. I will def be coming back here! The prices were decent. You are def paying for the quality of the food. Every dish we had didn't have that \"commercial\" taste to it. It tasted more like home cooked!"}, {"review_id": "j9-HCGspy56ruqYjIu2Q4g", "user_id": "RuYYtPAdhVjQ6u6GqmgZHw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "8/27/2017", "text": "In an area of Jersey City (Bergen/ Lafayette), Hooked JC is a pleasant surprise.  It is not the prettiest place, reminds me of a dive bar back in the day.  Very casual seafood and BYOB which keeps the prices down somewhat. For lunch I had the lobster roll ($16) with a side of macaroni and cheese ($4).  Although the lobster roll was a bit on the small side, it was jammed packed with lobster claw meat.  My lunch partner ( i.e. the wife of course), had the fried oysters po boy ($12) with the honey jalapeño hush puppies ($2).  The oysters were huge, with plenty of them. You needed to eat this with a knife and fork.  It is served with french fries.  This place is a little unconventional, you place your order, pick up your utensils and sauces. They deliver the food to you and you bus your table at the end.  There are a multitude of homemade sauces, my favorite was marmalade horseradish.  The owner was very pleasant and informative.  He was eager to answer our questions about where the seafood was sourced.   Enjoy."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/hooked-jc-jersey-city?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]