[[{"review_id": "vcHGkI7XP2qG_HlMdiEMlA", "user_id": "1FXXrA7dBJyi6fdFvxUPyQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "I can't say enough good things about the food and wonderful service at Toutant. We've been here on many occasions and the wait staff is always super attentive and helpful in explaining the menu and different seasonal offerings they have. I love the atmosphere and the cool bar, and chandelier they have in the open space between the dinning floor and the first floor. They've left a lot of the old brick exposed and the somewhat narrow space is split between three different levels. I'm a creature of habit and always get the shrimp poboy but there's a ton of good food on their menu to experience. Their menu changes with certain items like the BBQ of the week and their seasonal vegetables or hush puppies. I always make it a point to order their seasonal veggies because they are always amazing and a nice plate to share with the table. Some of my favorites have been roasted beets and carrots. Their corn bread and biscuits are also amazing and something that shouldn't be passed up. Their shrimp poboy comes out on a fresh roll that I think they make at the restaurant with crispy fried shrimp that are always perfectly cooked and never greasy with think sliced onions and tomatoes and a delicious remoulade. Just writing about the food is making my mouth water. I've never left hungry from here and I feel like they have generous portions sizes because I typically have leftovers that come home with me. I also really love their cocktail menu which changes on the regular and is always creative and fun to peruse.Toutant is excellent for any size group. My boyfriend and I come here often and we've taken coworkers and groups of friends as large as a party of 7. We've always been accommodated comfortable and everyone always has a good time!"}, {"review_id": "442PA_OjrJgJkOlsdKVnjA", "user_id": "az8-4E8GEbL2IaBa6whw_A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "I really enjoyed this restaurantI enjoyed the food, the ambiance of this place is really nice. There was a very limited menu but lots of great choices.I got the deep fried egg which was surprisingly good. I also ordered the ribeye that was cooked to perfection. I also ordered the banana ginger daiquiri which was not my cup of tea.  The staff was great. I will return for brunch I wanted to get the shrimp and gritsI would recommend this place to everyone"}, {"review_id": "iafA8kwFZir39vhIylndhA", "user_id": "ZA6RV_GmzImUBZ5QT8n5KA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "Toutant is a great place to have some southern inspired food. The experience as a whole though is giving it 4 stars. We had made reservations and after arrival waited for about 15 minutes to get seated. Our table was ready, but the hostess was chatting with another server. The other hostess just stood there and waited for the main one to get back. The drinks were very tropical and reminded me of being on a beach. Strong and fruity. The food was great. I had the jambalaya with smoked chicken. It had great flavor, a bit mild so I added hot sauce from Louisiana. It was great so be sure to ask for it! The corn bread made to order is a great addition to the meal as well. Overall, there are plenty of options. Notations of gluten free and healthy options for those with diet restrictions."}, {"review_id": "ImAcbS_wuNBiWeILq37MJw", "user_id": "GPw9ELBR3zjjtaXPhlNrBg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Toutant was fantastic! We went for a birthday and made a reservation for our group of 2. Service was quick and friendly and they explained everything we had questions about. The food itself was divine and considerably better southern food than I was expecting. The yams are to die for and can double as a dessert. Really overall great experience thank you!"}, {"review_id": "qH5hn7-FYLhH5yBaBlI2mg", "user_id": "aXJSE4lRq_uoh98Javle-Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/10/2018", "text": "Came here during the week for a late dinner and had a good experience. We were greeted and seated right away. For an appetizer I split the fried deviled eggs with my friend. You get three for $5, and they were so good that next time I'm getting my own order of them. :)For dinner I got the half Muffuletta sandwich which was delicious! So filling that I took half of it home. But for the price ($14) and not coming with a side, I thought it was over priced. The best parts of the sandwich were the bread, the melted cheese, and the textures overall. The downside was how oily it was- very greasy but I think this comes from the olive spread. Would definitely come here again but likely only for a special occasion or one off considering the prices."}, {"review_id": "fAEMpnN3ws5ZODl5kOf77g", "user_id": "0h_lZ8Y3qBF0njSgNcC1LA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/22/2018", "text": "Adam was our bartender for Sunday brunch and provides such good service.  He was interactive with us and suggested great drinks! Above anything else, I would come back to just see him due to his skills.  We are brunch there and the food was great.  I ordered the breakfast sandwich with sausage. The 1 thing I didn't like about the sandwich was that they used links instead of a patty. So when I took a bite, the whole link would fall out. I would try the bacon option over the sausage."}, {"review_id": "s_Y2IuSJJdCEMlHWK2qX8w", "user_id": "SjvZj-PpWRQr7TLKS7T1Rw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/17/2017", "text": "Came for Sunday brunch with the wife and parents and we all left very satisfied (and a little heavier no doubt). To drink I ordered the \"Into Mischief\" cocktail, and it was perfect. Generous amount of bourbon, great coffee taste, and not too sweet with the honey...Definitely one of the better coffee cocktails I've had.Everyone at the table ordered different food and as always with my family there was a lot of sharing. My favorite bites were the waffle, bacon, shrimp & grits, and sweet potatoes. Unfortunately, of those things only the sweet potatoes were part of my order, as I foolishly ordered the chicken fried steak.I lived in North Carolina for 5 years and never gave this southern specialty a try, but today I caved when I saw it on a menu for the first time since moving back up north. Chicken fried steak always sounded strange (if not outright gross), and it definitely was both.I don't blame Toutant too much for my improvident order, and there were far more hits than misses among us. Would gladly return."}, {"review_id": "X4cQTlNXC-0Kf3PpqjGA3A", "user_id": "blMIJM3CGThhg0VwzPwalA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/26/2018", "text": "My friends were asking me about a good place to get food (and also remarking that my yelp lacked recent reviews). For some reason, those thoughts brought me back to Toutant.Last March I planned a brunch outing, which unfortunately hit a bump due to the St Patrick's day parade (and a great place that happened to be on the route). Either way, as fate would have it, we ended up at Toutant. I think Toutant has a special place in my heart. You know those times when everyone is arguing about what they want and don't want to eat? Toutant is always a great answer. Delicious southern food has a weird lull in Buffalo: either cheap fast food style places, or upscale places (like Shango or Toutant). Because of this, I think everyone kinda craves fried chicken, collard greens, and begniets. In Buffalo, southern comfort food is something most people don't eat often enough.Toutant has a great atmosphere to it, it's a three story restaurant and has a bit of a townhouse feel to it. No matter where you are, there's a bit of intimacy by the smaller dining rooms. If you find yourself at one of their tables, I would highly recommend you get yourself an order (or four) of the begniets. While some might consider them more of a dessert, I think they're a great pre-meal bread. While there, I got the fried chicken. The waitress informed me that there are people who come to toutant multiple times a week for the fried chicken, and I couldn't say no to that. The chicken was perfect, crispy on the outside, moist and juicy on the inside, with collard greens on the side. While I don't think I would come back weekly for the chicken, it was damn good (pardon my creole french). Overall, toutant has a great intimate vibe to it, a great bar and cocktail menu, killer beignets, and great fried chicken. If you need a brunch or dinner spot, this is the place."}, {"review_id": "IfuabC-_LWqSvlxoML8nFQ", "user_id": "lDpZwPOzcHXpctxU9ORTFA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/25/2018", "text": "Loved it here! The ambiance is great and service was awesome. We shared the fried deviled eggs and corn bread to start, and they were both delicious. For our meal, I got braised bbq short ribs and my husband got jambalaya--both were outstanding. We have eaten at several fine and casual restaurants in the south, and this definitely rivals their barbecue and cornbread! We will definitely return."}, {"review_id": "aUzemTwCONO7zVxq-hopbg", "user_id": "39bL-LzL78Cag8R9L8yXPA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/13/2018", "text": "Toutant is an excellent choice in downtown Buffalo for an upper scale Louisiana-style meal. Not soft on the wallet, however friendly to dietary needs. Backstory: My best friend from Norway was in town and I wanted to take her somewhere special for dinner. She had wings for lunch, sponge candy for snack, so wanted to do something a little different, but still loyal to Buffalo for dinner. Toutant doesn't open until five. You may start to call at three for same night reservations. They were awesome on the phone. Asked the usual name, time, number; they also asked about dietary restrictions (gluten free in our party) and if we could physically get to the dining area. For those that have never been, Toutant'a bar situates the first floor and floors two and three hold quite a few tables for dinner and kitchen orders. We sat on the third floor and had a nice view. Bathrooms were on third floor, not sure if anywhere else as well. Nongender specific. Something I thought was interesting was the lack of help. Our waiter was juggling six other tables at prime dining time, with one assistant running his tail feather off all night refilling waters, delivering foods, and making sure all was well. We went the night of Lundi Gras, a southern celebration, so you'd think they would have been staffed with just one more person. Despite this concern, I believe our waiter did the best he could and I won't let that influence the rating. Time to order! My Norwegian bestie has never had 95% of the menu, so she ordered Maw Maw's Gumbo ($25) as a starter. It's priced daily, but I don't think any of us expected that price tag. My boyfriend and I ordered Deviled Eggs (3 for $5) and Pork Rind Cracklins ($6 basket) for the table. We loved the eggs. Pickled and fried beautifully. If you don't like deviled eggs, give these a try. Seriously. The rinds- ohhhhh baby! Those were so fresh the basket was popping. Really don't want to know the calorie intake on those, but dang too good to care. For drinks, my boyfriend ordered the Cold Brew ($5). They only have whole milk, so he took it black. It's incredible on its own, don't ruin it adding a thing else! It's a bit pricey for a restaurant, but I SUPPOSE they can get away with their prices because the quality is superb. The girls ordered the special menu Lundi Gras cocktails. Ten bucks for a child's size cup of drink. We were kind of irritated they were so small, but our stubbornness to obtain beads (free beads with special cocktail) got the best of us. On the bright side, drinks were wicked. Waiter told us they had vodka and rum. The drinks were majority ice, but I still would've believed there were two shots in each. Whew! What a drink. Supper is served! For dinner, my boyfriend and I split a 1/2 Chicken (four pieces $20). Yes, the half chicken can be ordered gluten free. Our server never asked about dietary restrictions, but I clarified with him this could be ordered with no trouble from the chef. It was incredible. I'm not a massive fan of fried chicken, but I loved this. Far from greasy, absolutely crunchy, but no aftermath of crumbs all over me. A lot of flavor, perfectly seasoned. For sides we ordered Smashed taters ($5) and Pickled Vegetables ($6). Insane portion of taters. Could have used some more seasoning, but still good. Love the chunkiness. The pickled veggies were cauliflower, carrots, cucumber, peppers, and sweet peas. We just started pickling at home, and we made sure to take some notes after having these! They were amazing. We ate the veggies before touching anything else. Girlyfriend ordered the Jambalaya with chicken and shrimp ($25) and said she loved it. She didn't realize her dinner would be so rice heavy, so she ended up eating the meat and taking the rice to go. Not her fault, her first time trying all this! We had such a fun time dining here. The tab ran us about $130. I never really splurge eating out like this, but I thought it was pretty worth it. You can't deny the ingredients are quality and the chef is very talented."}, {"review_id": "iufhFxmt3nnmraab5AGwhA", "user_id": "ss01GLzT2y6IjT1FhZfC2Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "An absolute family favorite... there is nowhere else like it in Buffalo. My wife and 3-year-old daughter have been here many times. I often get specials but I have something different every time. The fried chicken is great, but so are the desserts and cocktails. (This is one of two places where I save room for dessert and one of three where I order a cocktail before dinner.) I'll be back, many times."}, {"review_id": "l7bf5t-kDob0TOE4iP-lfA", "user_id": "pArkqAwzycomr74uqon5nw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/10/2017", "text": "Been eyeing this place whenever I visit buffalo. Finally had the chance while I was in town for work. My boyfriend and I didn't make it past the bar. We had initially intended to get a drink but we decided to stay. We had such a great time chatting with our bartender, Dan who was helpful and informative on drinks and dishes. I had a mint Julep. It was very refreshing and tasty for a warm fall night. Their bartenders know what they're doing and are very informative. Watching them work together in a tight space, it's an art form!Starters we got the pickled vegetable plate which consisted of tomatoes, green beans, carrots, and cucumbers. Very tasty. For our main dishes we ordered off the daily specials. I had the chicken and sausage gumbo ( small) and my guy had the soft shell crab. Both were delicious and cooked to perfection. Their soft shell crab was delicious and not over fried. Very delicate and clean flavors. I didn't have enough room for dessert and am sad I didn't come here earlier in the week to try out more of their food or to even see more of their restaurant. The chef had come out at some point and was very friendly with us. All in all service was great, everyone was super friendly, place was super clean, and the vibe was very relaxed."}, {"review_id": "wSwmQkY35gGrhYbEmK7Npg", "user_id": "DUEdblSXOHgiKbJTxjuHbA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/21/2018", "text": "This was my third time here, and I must say, the service is always spot on. I don't think any other restaurant in the area can compete with how attentive the serving staff is at Toutant. Your glass never goes empty, and they check on you often; just enough to feel valued, but not so much that it becomes annoying. And I LOVE the vibe of this place. It feels upscale & exclusive, yet laid back and chill.  Overall, the food is great. I love their collard greens (I'm a fan of vinegar) and if they happen to offer Brussel sprouts, do yourself a favor and order them.      Their biscuits? Ahhh-mazing. I prefer them with butter, but their homemade jam that is served with it was yummy as well. I'm not a fan of their fried chicken, however; it's fried well, but the taste just isn't there. Overall, this place is amazing, and I look forward to every visit. The prices are a little steep, but the experience is SO worth it."}, {"review_id": "JL1RLwNW5v6BWlda6hv1cA", "user_id": "SoMesfs19wOj0EQKsNBXlA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/27/2018", "text": "Very beautiful place, Food was just as great as the decor.  Just wish that they would serve some ribs..lol and also, i wish they didnt  put so much ice into their drinks"}, {"review_id": "7rWQBsZro8a7UJUXDbKfvQ", "user_id": "nTAVwDMartlyfmpQb-9xDQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "The food was delicious. I've been for brunch and dinner. The only part that was upsetting was the service. It just seemed slow and a little awkward. I'll be back for the food but I hope they work on it."}, {"review_id": "3oiWDloRbaJhfGKELO2PKA", "user_id": "mel3b3nLLYe2wLdHBOwavw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "1/12/2018", "text": "Gave this place a try because I had heard great things about the chef and the restaurant website says they can accommodate most common diets including vegan. The menu did offer vegan options which could be identified by the server but I certainly wouldn't consider this a vegan destination restaurant.The vegan offerings are nowhere near as thoughtful and complex as the meat dishes. So while others are dining on ricotta pimento drop biscuits or pulled pork hush puppies, I had a choice of salad or rice with veggies. A little blackened tofu could really make the vegetarian jambalaya seem like an entree, but that would mean taking veg diners seriously.I did enjoy the pickle platter quite a bit. It had 5 vegetables and each brine was unique. The bok choy was the star.The tables are very wide, which makes conversation difficult. Music and beer selections were great, but I won't be back."}, {"review_id": "Wtqjt5uJb6-Qxe0F79z0yw", "user_id": "LylFbOKc9kN9syzHH3MGEw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/16/2018", "text": "Pretty decent food do I have to come back no! But  make no mistake food was good I just expected more."}, {"review_id": "VZlca3-70HOeV0V6R93niw", "user_id": "mRV6pfnsKSLjF_eV67WPZQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/31/2017", "text": "A very good restaurant if you like French creole and seafood. We got the hot biscuits, the ribeye, bacon and cornbread. Everything was so flavorful and cooked perfectly. Our waitress was very friendly and joked with us a bit and the ambience was very nice."}, {"review_id": "T0j7ZG7lxzeCzWcplosbGQ", "user_id": "5kIRkRjxpwNGsvqZKOumrA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/5/2017", "text": "Great brunch spot . A little pricey bit you will be getting great service, ambiance and delicious food . I will definitely come back to try dinner service !"}, {"review_id": "KPoPAaf1Ypr2m8L-5-krvQ", "user_id": "XZfebZ408LkXqmo_n9_dyQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/6/2018", "text": "I've been wanting to try this place for years and today I had the opportunity to do so and I must say the food was good, the drinks were great and the waiters/servers were amazing!! Each of my friends tried a different dish and we all sampled one another's and everyone was satisfied, some dishes were more satisfying than others. Parking was the biggest downfall of my experience but I would def go again and deal with the crappy parking. Also be prepared to walk up a few flights of stairs.."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/toutant-buffalo-2?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]