[[{"review_id": "xJKWDgvbErQ_bedsyTURlw", "user_id": "bCSch9l4MoP7z_I5QkFLtQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/10/2018", "text": "This was the first Italian place we have been to on our trip in America and it did not dissapoint. Had a great atmosphere with some live music. The staff were very frendly. I ordered one of the specials which was the Bistecca. The steak was cooked to perfection and was a very good size. Unfortunately it filled me up to much so I couldnt try a dessert. Our server was very friendly and we never had to wait for anything. If I lived in Buffalo I would be a regular customer but It is a long travel from Australia. Thanks for the great meal."}, {"review_id": "nyM1DnPhCbpt21Shn9mtWw", "user_id": "JjbOXOkU6MOnC-s73QVB8Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "I've been to this restaurant a couple of times and it never disappoints. Service is great, and fairly quickly. The food is always on point and very tasty. Their wines are decent, if that is not your cup of tea their bar also serves local beer and mixed drinks. To avoid lines make reservations before heading there...A++ For service, and food. C For a loud ambience and pricey menu (I don't mind it either, but some ppl might)."}, {"review_id": "X-nTYOUm5ZIdrUjyQcjeYQ", "user_id": "RurM9i1faLCkts4MFkUKnA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/30/2018", "text": "Good, but couldn't quite call it great. We came here based on recommendations from some fellow foodies. Although it didn't deliver an exceptional 5 star experience, I would return again as they had some redeeming qualities. The food is good and the menu is unique. To start, we had the risotto sticks that everyone rants and raves about (they weren't really all that and I'd recommend trying something else) along with some wine and a blueberry cocktail. For our main course, I had the eggplant sandwich and the wife had the ravioli with shrimp dish. Not booming with flavor or mouthwatering good, but decent. The service was mediocre. Our waitress was way overextended with all the tables she was working and at times kept forgetting many things, but was very friendly and enthusiastic, which made up for the forgetfulness. I'd return again and try their pizzas if I was in the area. I couldn't see myself making it a point to come back as the food just didn't have any wow factor."}, {"review_id": "jEuLAPL-HzoK_PjCBzkpxA", "user_id": "zh8-XfjqlwAxf--RS4azzg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/1/2018", "text": "I brought my husband here for his birthday dinner, after hearing good things from my hairstylist, who is a big fan of this restaurant. We weren't disappointed, though we liked parts of our meal better than others.Things started off very well, with the complimentary bread and dipping oil (with cheese and red pepper flakes), which were delicious. We shared the burrata as an appetizer, which I'd highly recommend. The burrata comes with slices of fried eggplant instead of bread--a neat idea and yummy in execution. We were both less enthused about our entrees: the stuffed pepper pizza for me, and the porchetta e gnocchi for the birthday boy. The kitchen was out of pulled pork for his dish, but offered to sub pulled chicken, which he was OK with. When he ate it, though, he didn't think the dish had much flavor. The crust on my pizza was softer than I'd like, and between that and all the cheese on top, I was struggling to eat it, and only managed two pieces. (It probably didn't help that I had just eaten a lot of cheese in our appetizer.)I got a box to take the rest of my pizza home, but rallied enough to share the zeppoles with my husband, which were served with caramel and a pear-mascarpone mixture. The zeppoles were denser than ones I've had elsewhere, but we still enjoyed them.Since we really liked the beginning of our meal, I'm inclined to believe that we just didn't order the right entrees. The two people at the table next to us probably had the right idea in terms of how much to order, splitting a pizza, an appetizer and a salad, because the food is quite rich, and well portioned. But I definitely don't regret the burrata. So, if you only take one thing from this review, let it be this: get the burrata!"}, {"review_id": "5otMiPxkV42pMqioZFdvzw", "user_id": "NELx028iu5kqSuIM74izQQ", "rating": 2.0, "date": "2/17/2018", "text": "Honestly, this place wasn't exactly what I expected.  When I think of Italian food, I think of either a classy place with white table cloths or something with a family-feel type atmosphere...this place wasn't really either.  It was modern, rustic, and small.The drinks were pretty good, I'll give them that.  Still not something that would bring on the feel of a typical Italian restaurant though.  The food: The bread they brought out before hand was alright. Just alright.  They gave it to us in a brown paper bag with grease stains on it, and it just didn't really do anything for me.  Had a good crust on the outside, but it really lacked flavor.  They gave us some dipping oil for the bread too, but that was pretty much all it was...oil.  Just really lacked a good amount of seasoning, grated cheese, & vinegar.  Disappointed. I ordered some lobster bisque before the meal as I usually do when a restaurant offers this soup.  It's one of my favorites when it's made well.  The lobster bisque at this restaurant was not great by any means.  I didn't even want to eat it and the waitress ended up just taking it off the bill.  For the main entree, I had a dish that included veal and eggplant.  The veal was sort of tough.  So was the eggplant.  The opposite of what you would expect when ordering a dish composed of these things.  The sauce wasn't anything to write home about either. Needless to say, I was not impressed with the food.  The service was great though, and the restaurant has a pretty good location downtown."}, {"review_id": "hHBqdMi80kFZB9bV5Irmyw", "user_id": "s1HbPF7cvMAdiSHtKzu6Ew", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/23/2018", "text": "Was in downtown buffalo and was looking for some good food. SO glad I decided to go in. The outside looked small but it's way bigger than I thought & the food was fantastic! The risotto was delicious as was my spaghetti and meatball. The meatball was huge! The drinks were even better than the food! So yummy! Next time I'm in buffalo, I will be back!"}, {"review_id": "pGbJNAeCbJGcHvXCvy5TXQ", "user_id": "KXA4RLYa--1rQ8XN7ZkivQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/3/2018", "text": "Osteria is a great place to grab a bite! The atmosphere is great and the staff is incredibly friendly. I have been here a number of times for time with friends or a quick lunch date with my aunt.My aunt, who is gluten free, says that they have some of the best options around - including pizza - for her dietary restrictions! The faro salad is one of my personal favorites.In the summer, you must try the patio outdoors - it is lovely. Be sure to stop by and give it a try!"}, {"review_id": "9JPWxIqxpRlqgpBJ3DMQPg", "user_id": "ycjK5gqo1CCeklAhfUTd5w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "I had the most tender and juicy steak I've had in a while. Although, they changed the recipe for burrata. It used the come with a fresh burrata, baked tomatoes, on top of grizzles of balsamic vinaigrette, and a side of toasted bread. The bread is now replaced with fried eggplants which is a more gluten-free option, but something you just miss about the taste of bread with spreaded burrata."}, {"review_id": "BDeo3eHSjE0UMeifptuhFg", "user_id": "F_qLgoEazGIlD2y8Y4saMg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "Food and ambience were great. Live music, great Blueberry beer and carnivore Pizza WITH scissors to cut it up (a first for me!). Corey at the bar asked for my name and others at the bar and remembered them all night. Pretty impressive."}, {"review_id": "FFs0f-hV3fEgz0B2RrXafA", "user_id": "dnuYb8q0YlCe5UTECKtyFw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "12/29/2017", "text": "Let me start by saying if this review was based solely on the food, it would be five stars. Unfortunately the service was slow and though very friendly, just off for the most part.A couple girlfriends and I came to Osteria to celebrate a birthday. After being seated promptly and served bread immediately, we placed our drink order. One glass of wine, a mule and since two of us were going to drink prosecco, we asked if we could get a bottle instead of 2 splits. Server said sure, no problem! She returned and offered us a bottle of prosecco that 'the bar had just opened' about an hour ago, but there was one glass poured. This was their last bottle, but she would give it to us for the price of two splits. We said sure, sounds good! As she poured, there wasn't a single fizz or bubble in our sparkling wine. As our server walked away, we had a sip - completely flat. Either the bar was fibbing about just opening this or it was shook up and uncorked for about 5 hours. It was quickly replaced with an apology and two fresh splits after bringing it to the servers attention.The menu here is not enormous, but it is extensive and offers a wide range of options. The house salad was refreshing and the Cesar salad was plated beautifully as a half of a romaine head dressed. Collectively we ordered a chicken parm, salmon dish, and two of the shrimp and scallop dinners. Everyone thoroughly enjoyed their dinners. My salmon was probably one of the best pieces I've had in a very long time. It was cooked perfectly with a wonderful crust. The farro risotto with pancetta was so flavorful I probably would have been satisfied with a plate of this alone! There was a pretty decent gap in time between our salads and mains which we really weren't sure why since we were one of only 4 tables.We ordered a piece of cheesecake for the birthday girl and even though the menu said it was a traditional with blood orange zest topping, we received a traditional piece with a pomegranate sauce and seeds. It was still good, but not what we were expecting. It also took about 15 minutes to come from the kitchen and at this point in the night it was 9:45pm and we were the only table left.Spotty timing will not keep me from returning to Osteria 166 because the food was great. We must have just caught an off night!"}, {"review_id": "4IytzScZ3SGdfWsmqoTNZA", "user_id": "FJ0TSADbLVRKemoCiUAaFQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/11/2017", "text": "Came here while visiting some friends for a birthday... the cocktails were on par and full of flavor and strong, the food was mouth watering and delicious, plus the staff, owner included, were super sweet and helpful! Since we were celebrating 2 birthdays they brought a dessert platter for our group of 6 and that just made the end of our meal top notch! If you \"check in\" get 2 glasses of wine and a pizza for $16!"}, {"review_id": "fmz3wXT1N52mkjWDL-FjyA", "user_id": "Wr9EBVjKUbmh0vIfSGTtkg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/10/2017", "text": "I have finally made it to Osteria 166! On the night of the Roger Waters show, and Music is Art festival, we couldn't be seated right at our 7pm reservation. So the hostess offered to get us a drink from the bar right away which was cool because the bar was packed too. We were seated in the main dining area which was very nice. No pretentious vibe going on. It was a fun atmosphere. All of the servers were literally speed walking delivering drinks, food, serving their tables it was pretty crazy and they did a great job. My only negative feedback for this review is it was LOUD which made having a conversation difficult, only adding to the overall decibel level. Maybe some acoustic absorbing material on the ceiling could help with that. We started with Arancini, Buffalo Calamari, and a Ceasar salad. The salad was a Romain heart, cut in half, slightly grilled for a slight smoke flavor. Not over dressed and elegant. Two little anchovies off to the side in the event you like this necessity for the salad. My wife don't like them, so down my hatch they went! The Buffalo Calamari were super tender,  laying on a bed of spring salad. The welcomed taste of Frank's Red hot was perfectly balanced. The two Arancini were a little smaller than a tennis ball which is pretty big. The crunchy exterior protecting the slightly creamy risotto interior was blanketed by an aeoli of some sort. All starters were very delicious.Our mains were off the specials list. Mine was a rib eye steak with garlic mashed potatoes and these fried jalapenos stuffed with cheese. My steak was cooked to a perfect mid rare. It was a little salt heavy on the rub, which I don't mind. For it's price point, it was a pretty small cut, but it was delicious. My wife had the lobster and shrimp dish over risotto. She said that the seafood was perfectly cooked, and the risotto slightly spicy. Very good dish. Needless to say, I didn't sample because at this point, I'm pretty stuffed. I'll definitely be back for lunch in the future. Really a good downtown restaurant to eat at."}, {"review_id": "DA5tTZHqEieboCGn3hb28g", "user_id": "fRFo4zm0TSUr1oR113NFoA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/7/2017", "text": "Osteria is one of the best Buffalo restaurants.  There is a lot of variety on the menu and the food is different from what you would get anywhere else. For example, if you order the calamari, you'll get a green salad underneath.  I was there for a work dinner and my boss was not impressed; he refused the plate of calamari because it really was a salad with a few pieces of calamari on top. He just wanted calamari, no \"green stuff.\"I had been to Osteria before so I knew what I wanted to order:  the roasted beet salad with grilled chicken (see photo).  The flavor was great and the vegetables were fresh.  Co-workers ordered burgers and one ordered spaghetti with a huge meatball on top.  The fresh bread with dipping oil really helped tide us over for the little bit of time before our entrees arrived.  We all loved the atmosphere.  Of course, on a Wednesday lunch, it was not busy so it was quiet enough to converse which is what we wanted.  I have been there when the place was full and it can get loud.  The best place to sit is at the bar; the owner is often there greeting customers and giving recommendations for favorite dishes.I would give it 5 stars, except for the calamari.  It just wasn't what we expected, but none of their food is hum-drum or ordinary."}, {"review_id": "3A5nDmYmZdALlWkdYHaDwA", "user_id": "880oNqoWLYv7f_eo0Cgsmg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/17/2018", "text": "One of the best italian place in Buffalo. Have been here a few times both for lunch and dinner and had a great experience each time. Nice staff and nice ambience.My favourite is the chicken lasagna and later found out that this is what they are famous for. I have never had a lasagna that tastes so good, in a restaurant. It is pretty heavy and for a person like me with a modest appetite, it could be 2 meals. I am not a big fan of salads at all, but their Buffalo Calamari salad is really really good. The stuffed pepper risotto sticks were as good as other yelpers promised. If you like to add some spice and flavor to your food, you must order these sticks. Although I like italian food, it is usually bland for my palate. However the food at osteria is an exception! Everything I have had was very flavorful, even the olive oil they give you with the bread."}, {"review_id": "qPlrG6-EHlSXxWfiuHdrvA", "user_id": "0kxLf1R2k-IvVEQWqGIRFA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/9/2018", "text": "Best Italian food in all of Buffalo, NY. The chicken lasagna is to die for. They make their meatballs homemade in house and they truly are incredible. I suggest anyone goes here that is looking for great food at a reasonable price to really cure that Italian craving!!"}, {"review_id": "9O9MAk8hxDE1qNMXtTch7Q", "user_id": "1vQweQGDq1K-VF2JEgsYGA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "Decided to try this place for a cute date night - we are glad we tried and most likely will be back. The atmosphere was lively and there was a guy with his guitar playing live music in the bar area where we sat. I ordered the chicken and waffles, which I typically don't like but the breading on the chicken was superb. Only reason for the 4/5 is the fact that the service was a bit slow, but overall a fun choice."}, {"review_id": "_ZhBf2aQI42ah2hCCNHX9g", "user_id": "--YhjyV-ce1nFLYxP49C5A", "rating": 3.0, "date": "7/8/2017", "text": "Came here on a sat night, supposed to be one of the best Italian restaurants in Buffalo, wasn't very packed around 8pm when we arrived. But there was a food festival going on next door. Ambiance : cozy and lively, full of life. Family friendly yet classy and unpretentious . Has a front bar section and the restaurant section is at the back of the venue.Food : we ordered the sausage campanelle since we saw so many rave reviews for it and also  the chicken lasagna. Interesting to note that the olive oil dip they've provided with the bread prior to the entree is infused with parmesan cheese, chili flakes and maybe some sea salt, which provided an additional layer of flavor compared to the regular olive oil and vinegar combination.Sausage campanelle : flavour was very cheesy..reminded me a bit of KD..that overly trying hard to be cheese taste.. and had that orange colour to boot. Also, the sausage was way too over seasoned. Overall, was very disappointed.Chicken lasagna :   They've used Alfredo sauce instead of tomato sauce which was an interesting twist. The texture was quite tender and  flavor was creamy and rich, and overall a nice dish, I would order it again."}, {"review_id": "6kPqVPD37-CwfRZhLypX-w", "user_id": "oJWcZoaw28DwsLbAowFAAA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/23/2017", "text": "Dinner reservation for 6:00 on Saturday. Restaurant wasn't busy at all until about 7ish or so. My boyfriend wanted to take me somewhere new and different and thought this would be the perfect place. We absolutely loved it. Pricey for sure, but the food was excellent. I got a scallop pasta which was a dinner special and it was delicious! And my boyfriend got the filet sandwich. Both unreal. He had a scotch to drink and I have a strawberry limeade cocktail. My pasta was 40 dollars, but it's nice to treat yourself (meaning my boyfriend treated) lol and to enjoy quality food. Besides the fact that we couldn't stop eating each other's meals.. we couldn't decide who's was better... we ALSO couldn't help but observe other people's plates. Woman next to me had chicken parm... looked amazing. We absolutely will be back. Great place for a special occasion dinner."}, {"review_id": "GsfFlFEgExX_QOBRkr6TGQ", "user_id": "Jt6bBHTbWS2s0tkBZukyMQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "10/11/2017", "text": "Had never heard of ~Osteria~ til my Dad mentioned going for lunch while visiting him at work downtown Buffalo. We got seated right away before the Lunch rush walking in behind us. They are known for their ~Meatballs~ as they should be. I ordered just your classic Spaghetti & Meatball. My understanding is the Pasta is made in house. Our Server soon became overwhelmed with a party of over 10 people sitting behind us. Our food came out at different times, no refills on drinks. My 4 yr old nephews spaghetti was ordered after he saw mine, and we asked for it in a ~to go~ box since we got the bill before his spaghetti. The Foccaio bread was served uniquely in a paper bag with oil on the side. My lunch was delicious, I could of used a little more pasta on my plate. I hope to go back because the food is a 5 star, service not a 5 star and so loud, I couldn't hold a conversation with my family."}, {"review_id": "guJ6StOzAnVML_FZoctLEQ", "user_id": "mel3b3nLLYe2wLdHBOwavw", "rating": 2.0, "date": "12/4/2017", "text": "I'm underwhelmed by this place even though I wish I could love it.First, not vegan friendly. The free bread has cheese, the oil dipping plate comes with cheese already on it, and there is just one kind of pasta without eggs.Marinara isn't enough to make me go to a restaurant, but I was meeting friends for lunch and pasta with pesto and veggies seemed like it would be OK. I had called ahead and was told their pesto has no cheese in it. What they failed to mention was that their pesto has no pesto in it.I'm no Italian food expert and I certainly don't now what Parisian Italian food is like, but I didn't expect oil with a couple flecks of basil. Really it was just oily pasta which was not very appealing to me. I expect a lot of basil and at least a little pine nuts. Finally, it's impossible to get in and out of here in under an hour which is a deal breaker for lunch. I would hope a downtown restaurant that opens before 5pm would know how to get people in and out in a timely fashion during the work day."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/osteria-166-buffalo?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]