[[{"review_id": "Zibt9vXAF9hzBGU3dp6_BQ", "user_id": "ybIoXWnrkfC12PJKTs7pJA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "My husband and I go back and forth on who had better food: Per Se or Le Bernardin. I know, #extremefirstworldproblems. The chefs at Le Bernardin KNOW HOW TO COOK THEIR SEAFOOD. Holy cow!!! My husband keeps talking about the crab dish that was part of our tasting menu six months after we've dined there. He keeps asking if he thinks I can recreate it. It was perfectly cooked, the sweetness from the crab shining through. Ugh entire operas can be composed about our meal there. Really engaged service, though not as playful as the service at Eleven Madison Park (EMP had us laughing the entire dinner), nor as \"hovering\" as Per Se. Husband did prefer the food at Le Bernadin as it was just the perfect amount. Not too much where you felt like you had to be rolled out of there, and not too little where you have to get tacos after! Dinner also only lasted about an hour and a half which was the perfect amount of time. In two words, it was \"restrained elegance.\""}, {"review_id": "62Blp8-WgKMVYKuYN3VfUw", "user_id": "KKe_o9FwA9qn5balJ2pipw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "I came in right at opening on a Saturday evening. The bar was free to anyone that may have come in. It's really about planning. If you can't get a reservation but are free at opening, you can likely still snag a seat at the bar. All of the menus are available there upon request. I selected the vegetarian tasting menu for 2 reasons. 1. It looked like it had a lot of things on it I was interested in, and 2. I am not the biggest fan of fish. You may be wondering what I was thinking coming to a pretty well known seafood restaurant, but I knew they had a pretty good vegetarian menu, so I went for it. The first four bites from the kitchen were nice. There were some refreshing bites with cucumber, som very finely cubed beets, a small spring roll with a horseradish sauce that gave it a nice kick, and my favorite, the mushroom fat. It was a little cup of all the good tastes of mushroom. Creamy and amazing.Next came the artichoke course, with a small amount of risotto in the middle, a small shaving of truffle, with a small chip of parsnip and a truffle sauce. It was very clearly painstakingly made and prepared. It was delicious. I do wish there was a tad more risotto, but only because it was good! Next I had poached white asparagus with a garlic parsley emulsion. I was surprised by the lack of the asparagus flavor in this dish. I feel like it was missing something. Also the asparagus was challenging to cut and I ended up having to cut it length wise. Overall not my favorite dish. Next was the black truffle tagliatelle. Devine, as you might imagine. Not much else to say. This was one of the reasons I came, and it didn't disappoint. Next I received a bar snack that was some long chips. They were pretty flavorful, but a tad greasy. Next was the bouillabaisse- Slowly Cooked Mediterranean Vegetable Medley, Anise-Saffron Infused Broth. It was okay. I don't feel strongly positive about this dish. If given the choice, I wouldn't order it again. I should note I don't care for anise, but that wasn't it. It was more the vegetables chosen just weren't anything special.Following that was the curry - Cauliflower Couscous, Romanesco, Okra, Seasonal Vegetables, Madras Curry Stew. This was pretty good! I could have done without the okra due to its slimy texture. But otherwise good!MOREL - Himalayan Morel-Spring Pea-Fava Bean Casserole. Tasted lovely of mushroom as it should have. The fava beans and peas added a nice texture and flavor. COCONUT - Coconut-Calamansi Custard, Sorbet - what a delightful pallet cleanser - or pre dessert as they called it. COFFEE - Coffee Caramel Crémeux, Roasted Almond Mousse, Bourbon Froth - this was only okay. Was a bit hard to break into. Overall a solid meal. I enjoyed it and it was lovely to have such a great full vegetarian meal (I'm not a vegetarian, but do enjoy eating vegetarian food when done well). There were a few highlights that would bring me back. Overall a solid experience."}, {"review_id": "9iR3Ya0jPesttX5uucp5iQ", "user_id": "mqhEXTvNG0juAzJ-5EV3CA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "I can't imagine anything less than 5 stars.  Fabulous and creative dishes.   All delicious and unique.   Impeccable service as one would expect.  The issue is how hard it is to get a reservation.  Ours was at 5:15 which is crazy early.  We're more like 8:00 people.  But if that's all you can get - take it !  And enjoy."}, {"review_id": "7x5UgzVlrt_sk49DyR3ECQ", "user_id": "ZyhRsnKcATB6hcRRykQKeQ", "rating": 2.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "Wildly disappointed. Came here on Saturday 3/31 @ 5:30pm for my Dad's birthday. Let start with this: A sommelier actually knocked water all over our table. No sincere apology or offer to switch a table. They just covered it up with a dinner napkin. This put a damper on the night, literally. Let's begin with the service- unapproachable, rushed, cold. The waiter asked us multiple times if we needed more time to review the menu. If your guests are out with their iPhones trying to read the menu (because it's so dim, and because they're old!) then common sense should kick in. My parents are Chinese and culinary terms that are perhaps rudimentary for others aren't for them. We were disappointed the geoduck was out for the night. If that's the case, reprint your menu. Don't disclose this when we're ordering. Tell us prior, please. Once the dishes did actually arrive, the explanations were so damn fast, and when we followed up with questions, the responses were curt and unhelpful.The food was fine, but hard to appreciate when there's been no care in the explanation of the ingredients, sauces, etc. I wasn't impressed with the tableside \"saucing\" they do with every plate. Please put less attention into the theatrics and more into making your customers feel welcomed.I actually think the perfectly cooked langoustine was ruined by the excess of salt. I will say that the lobster was an unforgettable bite. I thought about it for days after.  The desserts are great, but again, I felt like whatever was served was haphazardly done.. maybe just for our table? The infamous apple dessert's stem was half way falling off. Not a big deal, but when you're shelling out $$$ these are the details that matter. We were actually going to order more, or at least try to, but we were so put off that we left and had a beer elsewhere.We chose the four course option with quite a few cocktails. As a three Michelin star restaurant, and apparently the pinnacle of fine dining, I really hoped for more."}, {"review_id": "2Kyk12TCyD4qHJzAOl9saQ", "user_id": "gEnzvwRpeGam6UBV66Wp1g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "It was my birthday and my bf took me to what can only be described as the best French restaurant in New York.  The chef's tasting menu does not disappoint and you will have the best epicurean experience of your life.  There are really no further accolades needed and you must trust that Chef Eric Ripert's mastery will produce a very magical and memorable evening as he did for me for my milestone celebration."}, {"review_id": "HCh7Nd8e0z92LlvMTbClmg", "user_id": "ellA7tuQvN7UdtJDZr0ubA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/1/2018", "text": "My friend and I came here for lunch on a weekday afternoon. It was pretty easy to get reservations here. We arrived on time and checked our coats. The staff inside immediately greeted us and helped us toward our table. The overall ambiance is very cozy and romantic, and I really loved the decor and painting inside. It feels very serene and quiet coming from the bustling streets of 5th avenue around the corner. We decided on the three course lunch menu (appetizer, entree, dessert).I ordered scallop for appetizer, halibut for entree, and the mont blanc for dessert.  We were served with complimentary smoked salmon rillette and thin crispy baguette. The smoked salmon was really tasty. We were also given a selection of fresh bread. I got the pumpernickel. It was delicious and chewy. The scallop appetizer was really tender and tasted great with a light sauce and uni. The halibut was cooked perfectly, also really tender. Had an asian flavor with sesame oil and porcini mushrooms. Paired really well with the Austrian wine. I also really enjoyed my dessert because I like chestnut. The taste and presentation of everything was on point! Service was excellent! I had a really pleasant experience dining here and definitely want to come back to try their tasting menu."}, {"review_id": "1ue3lJxp1HkOY4s00GNWIA", "user_id": "aG0vPChXgRiesWM1lY8Rzg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/15/2018", "text": "WORTH.IT.The service was amazing and so was the food.  The wine pairings were a bit on the sour side and some came off a bit metallic when paired with the food.Not sure I need to go into this more since everyone else has said it all.  I just need this review to remind me that I L.O.V.E.D. IT!  On account of my poor poor memory =T"}, {"review_id": "YUeuwhMIs8ZVR8pjMmjHKA", "user_id": "_eyS33RLELnYklWNsWHXkg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Beyond the food, Le Bernardin is an experience. Everything is flavorful and a lot of fun. Expect to spend about 3 hours there - so make sure you like your company ;)"}, {"review_id": "B_FQAYnVatgao8Lpl5zw7A", "user_id": "g5wuZ_h_YBFa9ltyUf_hYQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/12/2018", "text": "Wow. What a amazing experience it. I'm finally got to experience a 3 Star Michelin restaurantLe Bernardin. Thank goodness we made reservation months in advance. The entire restaurant was filled at 6 pm. We checked our coats & our table was ready.  The staff is amazing & very helpful with choice selection on the pre-fixed menu they offer on Saturday nights. They walk around with fresh made rolls & breads that are delicious.  I would highly recommend the Lobster Tagliatelle pasta, Dover Sole was out of this world. Artichoke Risotto & Salmon. Make sure you end your meal with the Banana S'more. No words can describe how delicious everything really was. I would highly recommend you try this experience."}, {"review_id": "-rkGpRLvJckswjGPDI_4Dw", "user_id": "PuZ8bxmSWOKEgYXecukmww", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/19/2018", "text": "Had my lunch here at the lounge. It was a 3 course menu @ $55, $5 goes to City Harvest as a donation, it is great to know that you are dining and donating at the same time with such incredible food! I was blown away, how amazing the food was!! I wanna dine here everyday, for every meal for the rest of my life of course only if I win the lottery! With my little budget I get to experience the first class 3 Michelin star food, it was so freaking cheap but I am not complaining!! Service was impeccable, the ambiance was super classy but not stuffy, and the food was just extraordinary! Yes, I said extraordinary, if u don't believe, check out the images, just look at that skate!! I do not need to write more, just try it for yourself and thank me later!!"}, {"review_id": "wgopNxe23vkMGSiRRVFsCw", "user_id": "SjHf0xfE7HCi0DCxJ73BZA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/4/2018", "text": "I don't like writing bad reviews, but this place richly deserves one. When we visited, we felt that my wife's burger was just a bit overcooked and dry, so we immediately demanded to see the manager, who actually SPAT on the sawdust floor, completely missing the spittoon and only narrowly missing the shoe of the man sitting in booth next to us. He grumbled quite a bit when we explained our problem but eventually discounted our meal AND offered us free mozzarella sticks to go as a gesture of goodwill, which was appreciated...Just kidding. In actuality, Le Bernardin is impeccably decorated, expertly serviced, and serves up breathtaking food. We were delighted when our server was able to conjure several items for us that were not included on our menu but we saw being enjoyed several tables next to us (although I'm sure we paid for the privilege). I must make special mention of the chocolate apple, which was nothing short of edible art.  It is evident that they strive to hold true to their concept of \"lightly touched\" fish which at times missed the mark for me because while everything was appealing to the eyes, not every offering was equal in flavor intensity that the presentation suggested and which is common to this level of food. Ultimately, Eric Ripert and his team have clearly levied their considerable skill to create a world-class restaurant and it is worth the expense and time to dine here. I consider it a great privilege that we have these types of restaurants available to us to enjoy, so if you are pondering a trip to LeB for the first time, certainly don't  hesitate."}, {"review_id": "E8h-dPt6yMykzjhJT6lduA", "user_id": "qUCHmPvFz3CLg_PtKpYg6Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/24/2018", "text": "Where should I start the review of my excellent lunch experience at Le Bernardin. My husband and I came here to celebrate our early wedding anniversary yesterday (Friday lunch) at 12 pm. We arrived on time and checked our coats. We were immediately greeted by the Le Bernardin staffs and got seated at the table further in to the restaurant. The overall ambiance is very cozy and romantic, and the curtains and decors definitely add to the restaurant's classiness. We decided on the three courses lunch menu (appetizer, entree, dessert).My husband had lobster for appetizer, monkfish for entree, and the \"Black Forest\" for dessert. I ordered scallop for appetizer, filet mignon for entree (I am usually not a huge seafood fan, but looking back I think their seafood options are solid), and the \"apple\" for dessert. We were served with complimentary smoked salmon rillette and thin crispy baguette which was excellent. Pictures can speak so much more than words, so I've attached the photos of all the small plates, appetizer, entrees, and desserts we had for the night. Scallop and monkfish was on point, and I don't know how else to describe it other than perfect. The apple dessert didn't disappoint on both for its taste and presentation. Service was, needless to say, excellent to match their high quality of food. And can I just say their complimentary rosemary bread is so chewy and delicious. Had a pleasant time at Le Bernardin, and I can't wait to come back for another good experience."}, {"review_id": "fOtC3ns6YK-43RCubGjdHA", "user_id": "eMVIbdmAKt-s-GUCKZmB4Q", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/25/2018", "text": "1 to 10FOOD: Good, but if I know it has 3 Stars Michelin I do expect way more... it was good, not extraordinary. Fav thing : Lacquered Lobster Tail; Tagliatelle, Black Truffle Sauce.SERVICE: 9, excellent AMBIENCE: 9, pretty dining room, perfect lighting.NOISE LEVEL : 3 So bad, so noisy! I couldn't have a conversation. ATTIRE: 5 Casual elegance, guests were dressed very tacky"}, {"review_id": "VRwwXbgdK_rxfoYFSEaZvg", "user_id": "ooBKO0v4P-hLDn1Yg607Xg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/24/2018", "text": "Excellently prepared meal, very nice ambiance.We had the tasting menu, and while a bit on the pricier end, each dish was very well prepared and delicious. My favorite dish was the lobster pasta, while I found the salmon and the wagyu (separate dishes) to both be exquisitely prepared (as well as naturally very well flavored). The room is a bit staid and a bit old fashioned, but the service is very helpful (we forgot to take our desserts we asked to be packed, and the waiter ran out after us to give them to us), which was very well appreciated. It's a very nice place for a meal for special occasions with excellent food."}, {"review_id": "KFYh1r4918QwXGkUMXh0Ow", "user_id": "fExL6u06xTSg13k945IPAQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/27/2017", "text": "This is the pinnacle of dining.... the food was 5 stars and the service was unlike anything I ever saw.We started with a drink at the bar. The decor is spectacular. The old fashioned the lady made was the best I have had. Very smooth and just perfect amount of each ingredient.We were seated in the dining room a little after having our drink. They even carried our drinks from the bar to the table for us. This is a small gesture but it is why the service is spectacular. We went big with the $225 tasting menu. Every dish was unique and delicious. Too much to explain and I would suggest you take a look at the pictures I posted. I can't explain the deliciousness I would suggest you come. From start to finish the food was the best I have had (including the bread). I am a pretty tough critic but this place really hit the mark in all aspects. Yes, it is pricey but in my opinion the food, service, and overall experience are worth it.Put it on the bucket list!!! Awesome place."}, {"review_id": "ugiuinof3QFUgecGeuyIyw", "user_id": "LW3fGytoTia5G8GCw_RZ5w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/29/2018", "text": "Without a doubt, the best meal of my life! The food was impeccable. The service was amazing and the meal was incredibly enjoyable. We had the tasting meal and everything was perfect down to the timing  of courses and the delicious cocktail i ordered."}, {"review_id": "Ayoi4bD82v6w8r6Ms5g1mA", "user_id": "iPZ_yuwfwlfffoCGbvacoQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/27/2017", "text": "Late review -_- I have a very hard time writing this review because in many ways they are extremely nice and the service is extremely friendly. Most of their food is excellent and their desserts are magically delicious!! But I simply have to take off a star for one of their dishes in particular which was the sea urchin and whitefish(cannot remember the proper name of the dish). The sea urchin was terrible and it had a foul odor. As much as I enjoyed the rest of their food and their amazing service, I cannot let such a dire mistake pass for a restaurant of this quality especially when I have overheard others claiming le bernardin to be the best restaurant in NYC. All this being said, I will gladly retract/replace/update this review if the next time I come to NYC and dine here the problem is fixed. More than likely it was just a fluke but with 3 Michelin Stars mistakes are a luxury you can't afford. P.S definitely try their apple dessert. It was by far my favorite dish."}, {"review_id": "z0R3HiIEsjBBEnmpT-1hgg", "user_id": "8YV5I01YI5NIw85tUBElVg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/9/2018", "text": "Excellent place!! I was surprised and she leased by my experience. Read further.The place located in middle of Manhattan. We had difficulties to find the place bc of the ongoing constructions, and it was not a clear seen sign. The interior actually was jut one minus- I was not impressed by it. The windows were covered with interesting but boring drape. First, I didn't like it. Then, I realized that maybe the restaurant tried to switch focus on the food and prosper people to communicate instead observing walking people. Next, our waiter was Jeremy. Honestly, he did our experience outstanding! He did a great job on expanding items on the menu and suggesting what to try. We took a tasting menu for 160$. It included 2 appetizers, entree and a dessert. I was afraid that portions would be small and I will be hungry in the end if he dinner, but Jeremy assured that it won't be the case, and he was right! Please try langoustine from appetizers and monkey fish from entree- both tasted deliciously. In fact, the portions were not big and did not contain heavy sauces. However, I felt full after our dinner! By the way, Jeremy brought us complimentary dessert and some sweets in the end. I highly suggest to dine here! Food, service, wine selection are excellent!! Good jobPs. A small detail that I really liked- in the restroom they had feminine stuff that could be helpful in some situations! Lol"}, {"review_id": "dJZgJqwQlOWVlG8Br6NvzA", "user_id": "mX84lBw8jwS2uQqdgKu_aA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/20/2017", "text": "Beautiful restaurant right in the heart of midtown.  There are 2 set menus in a very affordable $200-$300 price range.  We opted for the 4 course $175 menu, as you have the opportunity to chose the apps, entree's and desserts you want.  Off course with any fine dining, jacket required restaurant you start off with your amuse which included a pickled radish, cube of raw tuna, and crab.  For our app the both of us chose raw oysters.  For my secondi I had the langoustines and the wife had the crab cakes.  For the main entrees I had the white tuna and wagyu and she had the skate.  We ended with deconstructed black Forrest cake and a grill corn dessert.The ask with All fine dining restaurants was on point.  You usually have 4-5 people attending to you.  Your main server, secondary, the water guy, the bread guy and your busser.The food was all fresh and tasted delicious.  My grilled white tuna was my stand out dish.  Being from Hawaii, we hardly eat cooked tuna.  But this was exceptionally tasty and perfectly cook.  Formy wife she love skate any which way so that was her highlight.  For $175 this was a great deal for a Michelin starred establishment."}, {"review_id": "xWy41bO4UAxmH5yp_lgUbw", "user_id": "TkXGMjczu5FcQFooyhYNpA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/16/2018", "text": "TL;DR: extraordinary food, extraordinary service, extraordinary judgingEileen L.'s full REFVIEW for Le BernardinRELEVANT INFO* Ok, but how do you pronounce the name of this restaurant?* If you don't finish your drink at the bar/lounge while waiting for your table, the servers will bring them to your table!* The bread basket kept coming... collectively, we devoured 3 mini dishes of creamy butter that night* Reservations highly recommended! I was \"lucky\" enough to score a 10:45PM seating on NYE EveEXPECTATIONS GOING IN* Never been to a 3 Michelin Star fine dining restaurant before... super intimidating!* Friends kept mentioning the dishes emphasized the freshness of the seafood, so I interpreted it as the meal would be bland and sauce-less (I was wrong)FOOD* Scottish Bloom ($18): too sweet for a Scotch cocktail* The Red Snapper looked like perfectly toasted bread, but instead was the flakiest, most amazing texture of any piece of fish I've consumed * Loved the Monkfish, which resembled a lobster but super melt-in-your-mouth pillow soft* Both dessert courses and our anniversary choco hazelnut mousse were orgasmic.. and so many gold flakes!* Viognier ($80): We selected a bottle at the recommendation of the Sommelier; it was a solid all-around wine, complementing/balancing out each dish of our mealVALUE* $650 for Chris K. and me* 4-Course Prix Fixe $160; Le Bernardin Tasting $187; Chef's Tasting $225; Lunch 3-Course Prix Fixe relatively affordable $88IMPRESSION OVERALL* As I expected going in, incredible seafood forward dishes, intimidating service... not because the Servers weren't friendly... they were surprisingly warm, but because they watched us like hawks.. how else would they be able to provide such attentive service and orchestrate the seamless transition between courses? Read: it was difficult sneaking photos during the meal without being heavily judged, but not only the Servers, but also the diners around me* I was so full I nearly threw up my entire meal :DENVIRONMENT / AMBIANCE* Starting from the stunning marble bar leading into the dining room with all the tables and a vigilant army of Servers dressed in white linen alike, the restaurant calmed my senses and gave off almost a flowy vibe... I think there may even have been a water wall behind our table* I don't recall hearing music in the backgroundWOW FACTOR* The meal was pretty memorable.. I probably consumed an ounce of 18K gold that night"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/le-bernardin-new-york?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]