[[{"review_id": "54WPCO6NC-W9lsxdkI_2lA", "user_id": "XplmuRZZetndMldSnpRncQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "I had such high hopes for Katz's. Lived up to all of them!! Moment of silence for the pastrami. ...Okay, now I'm hollering from the rooftops: PASTRAMI!!!!Get it and don't even think about ordering anything else. They let you sample a bite while they are prepping your sandwich and that ;little bite was like a glimpse into the heaven that would be my sandwich. The prices are high, but the sandwich is HUGE. My husband and I shared it and were stuffed.  Don't loose your ticket. I don't know what happens if you, but I was scared about it. haha"}, {"review_id": "Zlh50eBoNQYk62KtCh4TBw", "user_id": "wgabyA3wHSqDLPxdsXSndQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "The pastrami is ridiculous. There's usually strong hyperbole when someone says food \"melts in your mouth,\" but their pastrami LITERALLY melts in your mouth. It's insane.Prices for some of their sandwiches are bananas, but how often can you eat this without risking a heart attack anyway?All in all, a really wonderful deli that has stood the test of time and will hopefully continue to grace us for centuries to come."}, {"review_id": "LW9cHbqpkkQBKfAx6XSwHA", "user_id": "6Id5HWMTV_Q5TZWdf4KwHA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "Only order the pastrami Reuben sandwich if you're ready to be repulsed by future (non Katz) pastrami Reuben sandwiches. Damn you for raising the bar so high! The meat was so succulent that, my only \"complaint,\" it made the bread soggy and fall apart before I finished my sandwich. Let's be honest though, the \"sandwiches\" (mounds of meat wearing tiny bread flaps -masquerading as  sandwiches) are ALL about the meat. I appreciate the traditional palate cleansing pickle on the side. They make their own pickles (full sour and new pickles), sell them individually or by the jar, and you can also order them from their website. There's an area where they serve hot dogs and Matzo ball soup and the lines for those items are much shorter. Shirts are available to buy as souvenirs but their phone number is on the back...so it's like you're a walking billboard. If you're a carnivore that likes sandwiches, do yourself a favor and visit Katz's Delicatessen!"}, {"review_id": "vt-oBzwiphVD0eHagjXpUA", "user_id": "SbZllpU4VmvfADvBBaYXKA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "I went after the early rush but just before lunch started, so my trip to Katz's was relaxed and uncrowded. They give you a ticket right by the door and you must not lose it unless you want to pay a hefty fee. They write the total of your purchases on it as you go along and it's how they know how much you owe at the end. I already knew what I wanted when I went up to a cutter, but he still gave me a sample of the pastrami I'd ordered while he was making my sandwich so I'd know what the meat tastes like by itself. It was steaming hot, juicy, tender goodness. I got a pastrami on rye with mustard for $21 and it was totally worth it. I almost left the counter without the included pickles, that's how much of a hurry I was in to get to a table.The sandwich was a heaping mound of freshly carved pastrami between two thin slices of bread with just the right amount of mustard to give it a bite. It was obviously on the salty side, which is just what you need sometimes. It was so satisfying, and I had no room for sides or desserts. I washed it all down with Dr. Brown's root beer, which was a great complement to the meal.The walls are covered in pictures of somewhat recognizable people, and they sell merch. But if you couldn't care less about that, you're still in the right place for a darn good sandwich."}, {"review_id": "diQoAUgWIRS3QT_J1sdSEA", "user_id": "iNIxjH-qoi0DW-0M2ML2DA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/23/2018", "text": "One of the very iconic places to stop by when in NYC. I have never been here so we decided to come by on a weekday morning for an early lunch. Everyone was at work so there was no crowd or much of a wait. Located about a block from another famous Jewish deli so we just came here the next day after going to that one.Be sure to grab one of the tickets the \"security guard\" hands you when you walk in. Don't lose the ticket because that's how they keep track what you ordered and how they charge you when you pay for your food. As you walk up to the counter, it's just like you seen them on t.v, staff working the meats, asking next person to step up so they can get their food, employees talking smack to each other etc. Be sure to read the signs above each counter as sandwiches are over here, and if you want other items, it's over there.  We decided to get the popular hot pastrami sandwich and a bowl of their matzo ball soup. As they are making your sandwich, they gave me a slice or two of the pastrami to taste, it was very good!!! Staff dude was real cool, only took him a few minutes to fix up my order. Pastrami sandwich was what I hoped it would be, super flavorful, peppery, super moist, meaty & fatty at the same time, and they gave a pretty good amount of it on your sandwich. They only put mustard on it, so that was fine with me. Yea, I can see why this sandwich is so popular, it was pretty darn good!  Matzo ball soup was very good too, Jewish mother's chicken noodle soup and it totally hit the spot! You get a huge matzo ball, it was very good being so light & fluffy, soup itself was tasty as well. We killed this as well! I'm assuming if you order a sandwich, it comes with a side order of their pickles, those tasty little briny cucumbers were very good as a side and they know you can't eat a sandwich without a pickle to chew on too. After you get your food, go sit down wherever, the spot is marked where When Harry Met Sally was filmed, in case you desire to sit there and have an orgasm. Celeb photos all over the wall so be sure to check that out.  Prices are pretty expensive, especially their sandwiches, they can be up to $20 - $25 for a sandwich. Yea, I got the same reaction too! Glad we came by to check it out, have a delicious sandwich and visit this NYC landmark."}, {"review_id": "cN6po4_tNY0eFljW50RSsQ", "user_id": "8yotJzdYmtsaCHIfJhNmCg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "I know this is a super hyped tourist destination and for that reason I wasn't super stoked about going to this place as I knew that the lines and the prices would be over-the-top high. That being said, once I got there and got through the masses of people and the insane lines that we experienced at 1PM on a Saturday, I was not disappointed. I ordered Katz Pastrami Hot Sandwich which came out to about $22. This is a hefty price tag, but this sandwich is piled about 2.5 inches high with fresh, hot, delicious pastrami. It was definitely more than large enough to share with another person. I ate only half of mine and I was extremely full, so if you split it with someone the price isn't too bad. I got mine with swiss cheese, mustard, and mayo on the side. It also came with a side of pickles and cucumbers. Honestly, (much to my surprise because I don't really like sandwiches) this place was one of my favorites on my week-long trip to New York and I would say it is a must try! Don't let the lines or the tourists scare you away! Also, they have a part of the store where you can send salami home to your loved ones (or yourself.. I'm not judging), so if you're looking for a unique gift you can check that out."}, {"review_id": "7N9DU8hIDciP01xkFN3Pog", "user_id": "XP5hqB6A9rvXlH_LHtzUgA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "Katz is definitely something special. And I'm sure most people know that by now. Although it was confusing to order at first, I was able to put in my order almost immediately once I figure out how to order. Fortunately, there were a lot of tables still open. They give you a ticket as soon as you enter the building, and they tell you to keep that ticket until you exit the deli. After you place your order, they will mark on the ticket what you ordered, so when going to pay at the very end, they will ask you for the ticket so they can charge you. If you want to pay cash you heads towards the front. They do take credit cards but you have to go towards the rear to pay for a credit card. It's that simple guys!As for their pastrami, this is truly not your ordinary thin sliced pastrami with cheese and mustard. Here you'll get a very thick and juicy cut slices of pastrami with mustard on rye. The pastrami has a nice smoky flavor and some fat to help enhance the flavor of the pastrami. Most people share this, I don't really need to share. I'm a very greedy person. We also ordered the corned beef on rye. Never been a fan of just Corned beef, should of ordered their Reuben. For sure next time. Because there will be a next time. They also hook it up with a little plate of pickles. If you're really intimated of this place, they also have tables reserved for waiter service. There you can just take a seat and a waiter will take your order from your seat, if that's your type of thing."}, {"review_id": "MaSfRm_jMTakZy2kmX9sQw", "user_id": "eY6TPklHTeOaQt9F8a_SGQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/10/2018", "text": "[Intro Disclaimer: As a Toronto foodie, I ventured out to New York for the first time in my life with high expectations and a fully planned itinerary dedicated towards trying all the best foods in New York City!]I must say, I'm not a deli connoisseur so I've really only had Caplansky's (in Toronto) to compare but Katz's was absolutely delicious. We ordered a pastrami sandwich since that's what all the buzz was about and it did not disappoint. The meat was so so tender and juicy and flavourful.. and fat (I could've appreciated less fat but I guess that's what makes the overall sandwich so flavourful). The sandwich was generously overflowing with pastrami and it was super filling. I loved the complimentary pickles on the side which was a nice refreshing textural and palate change when the meat sweats started to get to me. That said, I'd probably recommend sharing the sandwich with a +1 not because you can't finish one on your own but because you start to appreciate it less when you've had enough meat and grease."}, {"review_id": "FfCqSFsY4KUCh4HRQdaYlg", "user_id": "Kv1cjS6t-5fDNbd77Xej4Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/7/2018", "text": "I mean, I guess this place is cool. It's what you expect it to be. I hadn't ever been here and hadn't ever had fresh pastrami or bologna; just a heads up, if you haven't had it before, it will absolutely clog your arteries. And do *not* skip out on the mustard. You'll need it to cut through all the grease on the meat. It took me like 3 or 4 days to eat the one sandwich I got and, even then, I ended up tossing some of it. Seriously, you'll feel weighed down for days.The egg creams are delish so def get one of those.Overall:Employees are friendly. Other than the massive amount of grease, the food is pretty decent.The prices are a bit more than you'll pay somewhere that ISN'T Katz Deli, but who would want to go there anyway?"}, {"review_id": "nhi1N7ac2Td_p9suKnzfTg", "user_id": "exPhuONOpfCptZ35Ur3bcQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "My pirate friend suggested we go here; despite being born in NY it was my first time. I honestly had begun to think of it as a likely over-rated tourist destination, the lines were off-putting, I didn't care about sitting in the When Harry Met Sally booth, etc. But they serve a quality product! Me and the friend split a pastrami sandwich and it was delicious. Splitting is the way to go, as the portions are massive. The bread to meat ratio is off, the bread could really be sliced thicker. The meat is fatty, you will feel your arteries clogging as juice drips off the sandwich and down your fingers. There's a reason the drunk masses pile in from the bars. But it's still delicious. I still think Harry & Ida's is better, but their sandwich is even pricier and comes with a smaller portion. Besides, this place is old NY charming. Steak fries can be skipped. Instead, get their coleslaw. This might just be the best coleslaw I've ever had. They put freakin horseradish in there- YES! And it's buttermilk based. I wanted a second portion it was so good, I'd come back just for this. The dining area is large, brightly lit, cafeteria like. You're given a ticket (in our case by someone who was a dead ringer for Prince Akeem from Coming to America, outfit and all) which you must not lose. The ticket is how you pay, if you lose it they just charge you $50. Which is close to what you're going to pay if you get two sandwiches, sides, and drinks anyway. It keeps the ordering line moving. You order your sandwich first, they give you a little sample of the meat to try while they prepare it. Then as you move down the line you can order sides, drinks, get silverware, and beer. You pay on the way out by showing your ticket."}, {"review_id": "KIWRnXLzYot_BuzHUuYErA", "user_id": "gZ5EAATKZ8Riv9VWIqaYug", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/9/2018", "text": "Ever since I had my first pastrami sandwich in Philly, I had been DYING to try Katz's Delicatessen! Boy, was it everything I dreamed about and more!Established in 1888 and located in the Lower East Side, Katz's Delicatessen has made a name for itself in New York City. While the $20 price tag is hefty for a sandwich, I have to say that it is indeed worth it. In fact, I was so impressed that I ended up coming back the very next day! Upon entering, you receive a ticket that you must hold onto in order to avoid paying a fee of $50. The ticket allows them to track what you order while you're inside the restaurant. You then proceed to one of their many counters to order. I ordered their famous pastrami sandwich which was listed under their hot sandwiches for $21.45. Before they begin assembling your sandwich, they offer you a sample of the meat which I thought was great! The pastrami sandwich was absolutely amazing and HUGE, might I add. If you're concerned about the price, I definitely recommend getting a few friends together to share. My friends and I (group of 4) had no problem splitting a sandwich. The pastrami was ridiculously flavorful and super tender. I was not expecting it to pack that much flavor at all! The mustard also complemented it very well. I am heading back to Katz's on my next trip to the big apple!"}, {"review_id": "uXaN6FyHoBai5q0j0W8jkw", "user_id": "LOxhRWw5iebTkXL2N16YCg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "When go to Katz, go for pastrami and have your calories up! Totally agree that the taste is waaayyyy better than how it looks like, so if you are hesitating, please give a try! It really worth it!(Always sharing one tho!) too much food!"}, {"review_id": "smFtQWwEiQ3DewxC05s35Q", "user_id": "l0qMs0kkXh3U9DH1_snk7g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/2/2018", "text": "This spot could not get any better than it already is! A total NYC classic! The staff is absolutely superb! Our waiter was absolutely hysterical. He made us laugh and cry! Truly amazing. Visiting New York can always be bittersweet since my fathers passing, but visiting his old stomping grounds brings a smile. Our waiter gave us jokes, wisdom, and joy on our trip. Getting a variety of everything is a must when you come. Order a knish, split a sandwich, have some soup, order a drink, DO IT ALL! You won't be disappointed. Just thinking about all the food makes my mouth water. The pickled items are divine! If you love green tomatoes, prepare to be addicted! Don't miss out on this classic Jewish deli, it is a New York must! P. S My Mom really wishes you guys would get some visors in your apparel line. Haha, but seriously. The nineties are coming back."}, {"review_id": "Yd3jXvvwu4RifhdT3BnOOw", "user_id": "Qz7XU2bJfdAR_va18B5Ulw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/31/2018", "text": "We discovered the place by accident. We were on the observation deck on the new World Trade Center and used the iPad to identify some landmarks, and this restaurant popped up. We read the history and decided to give it a try. We walked about 1.3 miles from our Hotel (Hampton Inn SOHO) to the Deli. It was SO crowded. From the previous review, we decided to order their featured sandwich Pastrami. You place the order in front the person cutting the meat and he gives you a piece of meat to munch on while he is cutting. The meat was really good and I see why it's famous. The sandwich is huge! We order two for three of us and we could not finish it. The meat is at least one inch thick. It came with pickled cucumber and picked green tomato. The sandwich has no vegetables. I know some reviews complained about the price of the sandwich. It cost around $21 for the sandwich, but you really have to share between two people and it can make both people full, so $11 each not bad too bad. If you are not a big meat eater, you can buy one sandwich to share between three or even 4 people. You can also just buy the meat and make your own sandwich. Overall, the meat is very good and pretty healthy and I feel it would be good with a cold beer. We did not order other stuff, like fries etc. They also have soup that we didn't try."}, {"review_id": "_TvrJ6deRPtNhnN5r0mGqA", "user_id": "SgGsI-JQQ56CAtwCbdMt1Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/9/2018", "text": "What can I say about Katz's that hasn't already been said? This really is the best pastrami on rye you will ever have. Soft bread surrounding indescribably amazing slices of meat so damn tender that no matter how high they stack it, you can eat it in manageable bites, bread and all. The corned beef is no slouch either. Do yourself a favor and go to the far right, the grill counter, and order a hot dog with mustard and sauerkraut, then eat it while you stand on one of the sandwich lines. When you finally get to the front of the line, drop a nice tip in the jar and ask for a pastrami, juicy, mustard only. Trust me, this is the right way. I can't guarantee you will get samples out of doing it this way, but we did. I'm sure it helped that I was waiting with two much older ladies (my mom and her long lost high school friend), but even so, do it right, say it right, and you may get lucky. I think you can order sides at this counter and then drinks at the left end counter, but since we ordered neither, I can't tell you for sure.Still, don't be thrown or overwhelmed by the process or the crowd. Get your ticket, get it marked at every counter where you place an order - DON'T LOSE THE TICKET - then give it to the cashier when you're done. Boom, all good. Also: cash only unless you pay with Amex, I believe. I tried to pay with Visa and she said cash only, but I've heard that's not always the case? Not sure, but I was lucky I had $60 cash on me. No biggie.Amazing food, amazing experience, definitely going back when I visit NYC, crowded insanity notwithstanding."}, {"review_id": "8YI-uCHg5eWUTiTi0khGGw", "user_id": "9biXWKPOGmXTPrJJ9ZBKfA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/29/2018", "text": "A staple to any New York visit. After shopping around in SoHo, we decided to stop by for lunch around 1PM. We waited about 20 minutes outside and 15 mins inside. We had some foreigners in front of us that somehow pissed our guy off and then he was rude to us. I ordered the matzo ball soup first and then asked to try the corn beef and pastrami. I barely got to taste the corn beef about to try the pastrami and then he was rushing us to choose which one. Under pressure I ordered the pastrami and I was not disappointed. Also some local lady was annoyed behind us saying \"oh my god\" when we were still trying the pieces he sliced for us. Sorry lady a few seconds of us tasting the meat isn't going to make things go faster, our guy serving us was taking his time by complaining and being upset already. Back to the sandwich...The pastrami was so tender and juicy and went well with the rye and mustard. The half sours were okay and the pickle were standard. I never got my matzo ball soup and didn't want to deal with this guy and his attitude anymore. 4 for food but I would have gave the service a 3 (the guys bussing tables were nice and quick). Average rating 3.5 then round up to 4 stars."}, {"review_id": "o_JSsmUmfA_LznwGBO64kQ", "user_id": "4AWL_QjOluYiaSgV75bJbQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "$21 for a pastrami sandwich. It's good, but I didn't think it was great. Pretty overrated if you ask me.The place is really big but it gets super crowded during the daytime and the line will go out the door.I'll admit it was cool to try once. Now I can say \"been there, done that!\""}, {"review_id": "g3g3el4cidGu04roc0GLMw", "user_id": "sg-U2-yVKDukw4JblbhiqQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/12/2018", "text": "1. My review here is senseless, as neither it nor any of the Yelp reviews are necessary.  You're not reading this to mull over the merits of coming here - you're just reading this out of sheer boredom.2. Of COURSE you must come to Katz's Deli - and you must order a pastrami sandwich, a Dr. Brown's soda (I'm a Cel-Ray fan) and half-sours.  If you're feeling extra frisky, maybe get yourself a chopped liver with onion side.3. Everything else I could say would be just for the sake of typing - you KNOW you're going to come here if you can, so what's the point.4. Don't bother googling up other deli's because you're trying to \"stay away from the tourist traps\" - there's a reason this is on the map - for locals and tourists alike (remember, VERY few folks in Manhattan are \"locals\" as one would normally think...).  You find a better Pastrami.  Go ahead.  Let me know about that.  Until Katz, I didn't even like Pastrami, because it was the same-ole, same-ole that you find in grocery stores, sandwich shops across the country.  Katz's Pastrami is phenomenal.  So... - that's all I have to say about Katz's (don't forget, however, to stop in to Russ & Daughters' right around the corner, because Appetizer shop is different from a delicatessen)."}, {"review_id": "_DwxwSVI7shmc1_neFWs-g", "user_id": "Z5j9Xw_G0c7M2b1-iS67wg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/12/2018", "text": "The staff here are the friendliest people you will encounter in NY city. They are all incredibly nice and call people adorable things like \"doll\" and \"sweetheart.\" It's cuteness and friendliness overload. It really does have a neighborhood deli feel to it. I could have stayed for hours just to keep talking to the staff.The food is amazing. I had the pastrami and it really was the best I've ever had. Ever. Of all time. I don't get the reviews of people who can't eat the whole thing because I inhaled that joker all by myself. I guess you just need to be committed to eating an entire months worth of calories in one sitting. So I don't recommend sharing, but keep in mind I can eat as much as a full grown linebacker. The sandwich was good and the pastrami was so perfect I couldn't have stopped eating even if I wanted to. The food here is every bit as good as everyone claims it is.Credit cards are accepted at the back register and it is VERY important you don't lose the ticket they give you at the door as that is what you will give the cashier after your meal so you can cash out. You'll also need your receipt/ticket to show to the guys at the door when you're ready to leave....something I wish I knew as I'm the worst at immediately throwing a receipt away once it's given to me. For an awesome NY City experience and amazing food, definitely don't miss out on Katz's Deli."}, {"review_id": "T-HFXPd4_lAntJVU1ApeEw", "user_id": "1kwIDeXyqBSDrOEwoXjMkA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/29/2018", "text": "Now this is not an ordinary review of Katz Deli, I actually have Never stepped foot in the establishment. My father did and he raves about how amazing it was.However... I have tried it! We mailed ordered pastrami all the way to Michigan!!! I just had it for dinner and I have never tasted a meat treat quiet as amazing and decadent as this! If your dad or husband is a meat lover this would make a great gift!!!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/katzs-delicatessen-new-york?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]