[[{"review_id": "tXoGVdu-ObhwdOYU3jvxIg", "user_id": "B1f0VHQ3en9HC_snfGqVFQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "Up there with some of the best tacos in NYC IMO...  the adobada taco was wow.  Definitely the way to go but I've had a few other tacos that were just as good.  My fiance had a burrito which was good as well.   Line was pretty quick even though it was mid day.   Prices were affordable.  Will definitely return."}, {"review_id": "UcwbZdFFN422phTIV31AfQ", "user_id": "c2Ey5yS0Vmjl1XCJiH8WUw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "They named this place right... Los Tacos No. 1 is NUMBER ONE and definitely my go-to taco place from now on. My boyfriend and I were exploring Chelsea Market on a Saturday and we were surprised to find a taco place with such a long line. Luckily, the line moved quick and we ended up ordering the Carne Asada, Pollo Asado and Adobada, all on corn tortillas and a horchata.Once we ordered with the cashier, we were told to bring our receipt to any of the taco makers to make our food. It was pretty cool watching them make our tacos right in front of us. The tacos were made quickly and fresh. All the tacos were good but my favorite taco was definitely the Adobada, which was juicy and jam-packed with flavor. The horchata was also very yummy and balanced out all the flavors from the tacos. Can't believe I didn't try this place out sooner but I'll most likely be back to eat more tacos and maybe try their quesadillas/burritos. The price of a taco here is just a teeny bit high for my liking, but until I find a cheaper alternative that's just as good, this place will do for now."}, {"review_id": "ySgiiWuUd8iZHMA3RuWhcw", "user_id": "nx5-LzxIVXlQrKpWL_3PVQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "It's a fresh taco. Really fresh ingredients.\"Best tacos in NYC\". Maybe so but is it worth having a bad filling to tortilla ratio that causes liquid meat drippings to go all over your face and body while you desperately try to eat said delicious taco standing up? Or awkwardly sitting on some rando surface? My choice to only grab one napkin was a grave mistake. I mean one of the messiest options at Chelsea market.Don't come to NYC for tacos only but if you're here and have a craving these tacos are good. But also the ones from certain taco trucks are just as good also depending on the situation. This place has gotten out of control and now rando tourists come here to get just one taco and instagram it. \"Shakes head at the stupidity\". The taco could use one more tortilla. That one measly tortilla does NOT hold the quantity of ingredients placed within it. The carne asada is juicy. The nopal is not that slimy and has good texture.Hope you find seating and don't wait that long! Also make sure you give your ticket to the taco maker or you'll be waiting cluelessly in the packed taco hopeful area. Also people are kind of cutthroat about those sauces."}, {"review_id": "OW8bdf5d1Eqh9br74WFYeg", "user_id": "BQkC6RneYfvfG6wRe0hsvQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/16/2018", "text": "Got trapped in a vicious rainstorm and hailed a cab to Chelsea Market. Apparently everyone else in town had the same idea because the line for Los Tacos No. 1 stretched at least three dozen deep. I am not exaggerating. Just about every local we talked to said to grab a taco here, so we joined the sprawling queue. The line moved very slowly, exacerbated by the fact that there's absolutely no seating. Technically there are some stools, but be prepared to eat standing up (the good old \"stand and scarf\"). Juggling a taco in a wall-to-wall crowded space is not fun. The menu was simple, clear, and expensive. Five to six bucks for a tiny taco? Get out of here! I live in the Southwest where cheap, authentic Mexican food reigns supreme so I'm a bit of a tough customer when it comes to street tacos. You know hipsters have taken over when a simple snack that usually costs $1 or less is priced at nearly five times that. We settled on a chicken taco and a carne asada taco with cheese to share. The tortillas were properly griddled and tasted fresh, and the meat was high quality. The chicken was not good; if you go here, get the steak. The presentation was beautiful, as each taco was carefully wrapped in paper. I was most impressed by how colorful and fresh the food looked and tasted. The pico de gallo was delicious and the guacamole creamy. I appreciated that each taco was served with a lime wedge. This is gourmet quality street food at ridiculous gourmet prices. It's a great snack or light meal but at the end of the day, a taco is just a taco."}, {"review_id": "BcJyam2Q9lUMIUKw_5iqtg", "user_id": "eY6TPklHTeOaQt9F8a_SGQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/16/2018", "text": "[Intro Disclaimer: As a Toronto foodie, I ventured out to New York for the first time in my life with high expectations and a fully planned itinerary dedicated towards trying all the best foods in New York City!]Give me a capital Y-E-S because I would be so thrilled if Toronto had a Mexican \"quick eats\" restaurant of this authenticity and quality. Nudged away inside the Chelsea Market, the tacos here are one of the more affordable options without compromising quality. With a seemingly never-ending line and so many empty stomachs to feed, the staff are bustling with energy and all orders are made stat. My boyfriend and I were initially going to explore the different food options in the market and tried 3 tacos to begin, but we were smitten by how good they were and ended up ordering 5 more!! We tried every taco variety and collectively agreed that our ranking, in order of most to least favorite, was pork then chicken then beef then cactus. The overall flavours of the tacos were all just so fresh and zesty and I love how they offered complimentary limes and salsa on the side. There was a nice spicy kick to them (which admittedly, nearly made me cry) but it is Mexican food after all! I probably would've enjoyed it even more if they offered a sub-mild option for weaklings like me."}, {"review_id": "koP0HQEqoX0SZiSABE1gVQ", "user_id": "4sihQEwM1_uJthjXqNKFEA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "While in NYC, I was craving for Mexican food and Los Tacos No. 1 definitely hit the spot. Nestled within Chelsea Market, this food stall shares its space with a few other vendors including mokbar, a Korean ramen joint.The layout of the shop is not the best. First, you have to line up to pay for your order, where the cashier gives you a ticket. Then, you have to pass your ticket to the kitchen, which is bordered by a bar table where people stand and eat. Additions such as salsas, limes, radishes, and chili peppers are also offered along this same bar table, so the area is quite chaotic at times and handing your ticket over can be challenging.However, once I got my tacos, I kind of fell in love. The Adoboba taco (i.e. marinated pork - $3.50), was really really delicious and packed with flavour.  I asked them not to add any spicy sauces, as there was already some heat in the meat marinade. There was an abundance of lime offered, and the mild pico de gallo was chunky and refreshing. All the ingredients in the taco were really fresh, and I loved the addition of the pineapple. The flour tortilla was also moist and served warm, and you could tell by its softness that they are freshly pressed (plus the lard definitely helps).I also tried the Carne Asada (i.e. grilled steak - $3.75) in a corn tortilla, and I must say I prefer the flour one as this one is slightly dryer, although still tasty. The meat was tender and juicy, but it was not as flavourful as the pork. Between the 2, I definitely liked the pork taco a lot more. Overall, the tacos were great and I can't wait to bring my hubby here the next time we visit!"}, {"review_id": "Y9aqMyQkmXsTqVl8DccG6Q", "user_id": "gZ5EAATKZ8Riv9VWIqaYug", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/9/2018", "text": "So let me just start out by saying I am one of the rare individuals that are not totally obsessed with tacos. Los Tacos No. 1, however, takes tacos to a WHOLE 'NOTHER LEVEL! Yes, even a non-taco lover like myself cannot deny the deliciousness that is Los Tacos No. 1.My absolute favorite is their carne asada (grilled steak) taco. The steak is well-marinated and the added toppings (lettuce, tomatoes, guacamole, onions) create for a refreshing taste. Their hot sauces come in three flavors, with the spiciest being extremely hot! Together, everything is an explosion of flavor in your mouth!Trust me when I say this is a taco that you will want to eat again and again! The hype is real and Los Tacos No. 1 lives up to its name!"}, {"review_id": "YKVmG2fC-jFyrhnffNXg4g", "user_id": "sHuttBXpuAtgN8VdzD12_Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/1/2018", "text": "Overall - Best tacos I've ever had, and I've lived in texas most of my lifeWhat I got - Adobada taco on corn, steak taco on corn, steak taco on flour, adobada on flour, especial with adobada, horchataTaste - excellent, all of the food tasted authentic and by that I mean Mexican not tex-mex. After just the first bite I knew I had found my new home. The adobada was my favorite. It was juicy and full of flavor. It was seasoned well and had a really good balance of flavors even when loaded with all the toppings. I prefer mine with a squeeze of lime which they generously provide. You can see them making the tortillas so you know they are fresh. Normally I can prefer corn to flour but here both are excellent. The especial is a fried flour tortilla with cheese that is then cut and stuffed like a normal taco. For a fried food it wasn't very greasy and there was just the right amount of cheese. Enough to let you know its there and be all melty in your mouth without being overwhelming. Horchata was pretty good but dont wait too long to finish it because it can get watered down.Value - excellent, $4 for a taco, I can't believe they are still in business only charging $4 for a taco in NYC that is filled with so much meat.Service - counter service, friendly, line moves fast.Atmosphere - casual, it is located inside Chelsea MarketFacility - you have to take tour taco togo and find somewhere in chelsea market to eat it because they dont have their own section of tablesNeed to know - they dont take amexWould I come back - YesWould I go out of my way - YesAdditional info - I'm very reluctant to try Mexican restaurants this far north, but I'm glad I did. This place is awesome."}, {"review_id": "3w5K61MKy_ZYmt7CZDFiuQ", "user_id": "U1vl4SQzO3wTAWlYVnSjnw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/28/2018", "text": "The food we got at this food truck/food stand was so good. You order at the cash and then you line up in front of the kitchen staff and they garnish it the way you want. Ordered a beef quesadilla to share, two beef tacos, and chips & guacamole. The tacos were so tasty and flavourful, the quesadilla is the same thing as the taco except they add cheese, and the guacamole was a very solid 4.5/5 (hint of lime, a bit of onions)Great value for the price, the portions are small but seeing as how you'll be eating a ton of other stuff around Chelsea Market, it's a good thing."}, {"review_id": "Ce2UvTqS0CBpnt5YJBA93A", "user_id": "1bSo9vqRaZnl1mwsoZJP5g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/25/2018", "text": "Los Tacos No. 1 continues to be a reason to actually brave Chelsea Market. It's never been my number one (I find it a little too soupy), but finding myself in the area, this was an easy pick for lunch.Around noon, the line wasn't bad at all and took under 5 minutes. I did a chicken on corn and a nopal on flour for a combined ~$7. $5 minimum for credit card. No seating, so stand where you get the tacos or try to steal some space away from other vendors. You'll need a counter or table as these get a little messy. If you get them \"with everything,\" you really won't need any of the garnishes, as I think it's a good amount of spice and sauce. However, grab some radish for a palate cleanser when you're done.The chicken on corn was magnificent. Great flavor, tender, tasty. I'm from Houston, know my tacos, yadda yadda, and this is great stuff. The corn tortilla was a must-order as it held up to the messiness.Nopal was more of a mixed bag. It was slightly overcooked and slimy, and the tortilla completely fell apart by the end. The taste was also a bit one dimensional and jalapeno-y, but you'll get that with nopal. Doable if you're vegetarian but if not, try another meat.Recommended overall and a fun experience. Los Mariscos will be my next Chelsea Market destination."}, {"review_id": "oo4vZAYnXe7D0iphrMJc3A", "user_id": "lpHn-VnV89cLE5hmkppNsA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/6/2018", "text": "If a taco, or two is what you want delicious, tacos is what you will get. Located in the busy hustle & bustle of the Chelsea market you will find these flavorful hand snacks. The lines at the authentic Mexican stand are discouraging which, is why I have overlooked this location on numerous occasions. However, this time around I was in a total mood for tacos & hopped on the line. I was pleasantly surprised the queue, moved remarkably quick. We ordered steak cheese shell tacos, chicken flour tacos & a chicken quesadilla. Everything was outstanding, very authentic in flavor. Under $5 per item. Friendly staff Clean Quick service"}, {"review_id": "6T9UsMcbheVLPcBtmzFspQ", "user_id": "fUMfR-ljz1904fJLlxKSow", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "The line in Chelsea Market for this was long but went fast, and so worth it.  Tried the carne asada tacos in a corn tortilla.  Leaving your receipt at the counter and getting your tacos was sheer madness due to the crowd but we did it!  Stood nearby and devoured our amazing tacos.  Spicier than I'm used to, my boyfriend added spicy salsa on top of his and his eyes watered but really, really good.  Fresh authentic tortillas and great toppings...hard to describe the minutes of joy as you bite in and it all comes together..."}, {"review_id": "4bgNGGbLVdBRIQ1Rihm4ug", "user_id": "g6NInNSugC85xU3SqiKRfQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "Always a pleasant visit at Los Tacos No.1. I can't go to Chelsea market without eating here or at least getting horchata (a Spanish drink). Tacos, quesadillas, drinks are absolutely amazing and worth the price. I ordered the quesadilla adobada with everything and it was phenomenal. My parents ordered tacos... they got carne asada, al pastor, and napoles and said they were delightful. Pricey but worth it!"}, {"review_id": "k-gI6zKrCZy34jhXiNgr1A", "user_id": "3WvOItDT5-pxuF38jnLpnw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/10/2018", "text": "This place is located in the Chelsea market( which being from out town took me a while to locate) but once you get inside just wander until you find it. That being said once I found it I was very happy. It's counter ordering so take out style. You put your order in then go give them cooks a little detail on what you want inside your taco. They hand you your order and then you chow down. The reason I didn't give it 5 stars has nothing to do with the food or service but that there is not really anywhere to seat down and enjoy your food(but that is more of an issue of the Chelsea market ).Now to get to the food the tacos were out of this world or should I say straight from Mexico. Very authentic and can choose between flour or corn tortillas for those who arnt really about that authentic life. They also serve horchata which is total bonus points for me! Check it out"}, {"review_id": "l8l9iIUeYDQrlRFjihtPjw", "user_id": "i5Cm53q0pmklQsX8soi3tw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "When my fiancé suggested tacos in NYC, I was like, really? No way can it beat California. However when I saw the Yelp rating, the pics, and the number of reviews, I was sold.There's something about the meat here that is unreal. The quality is NOT what you can get in the Bay Area. They actually use good quality here. You can really taste the difference....wow. We got the Carne Asada and Adobada (marinated pork). Sounds pretty typical, but no the meat is really something else.On another note, if you have leftover Mexican pesos, they gladly accept those for tips! There was a line of about 20-25 people when we left (a Saturday at lunchtime). I'd suggest just getting even 1 taco, and eating somewhere else before/after so you can have some more room in your stomach for another restaurant at Chelsea Market. Just a tip from a foodie."}, {"review_id": "tZjjeu0TGt7E_zBL5jgTYw", "user_id": "p5kO-OzEgA0EtdHSdzKUeQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/17/2018", "text": "Transport yourself to the west coast and check out this dive in Chelsea market- my fellow helper Yelpers didn't disappoint when they led me to this deliciousness.There's carne, chicken, pork, and even cactus  Carne Adams quesadilla on flour tortilla is pure heaven I couldn't resist a 2nd helping"}, {"review_id": "vkzOI18IhC8ebkMHXJvuOA", "user_id": "UBnXk1IxefJO1RdB7V3FWg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/19/2018", "text": "I'm always a fan of trying places are offer vegetarian-friendly options, so I was super excited to see that they offer a Nopal Taco (Grilled Cactus)! First you order and pay at the cashier and walk to the left to the bar-table like area where the guys are grilling. Then you hand them your ticket and they'll start preparing your food. On a good day, it won't be too crowded you can proceed to eat there with all the condiments, but I can see how this place would get packed and you could possibly end up blocking the counter from other customers trying to hand in their order.Luckily, it wasn't too busy when we went, so we got our food fast and were able to enjoy it there. However, after trying the grilled cactus taco, I would say to stick to the meat. The grilled cactus was very sour tasting and personally not to my liking. I also thought the tortilla was delicious and that was the saving grace. My friend had the al pastor and said it was good, but not the best he's had."}, {"review_id": "GTib80May4Kx0XH4xk1i5g", "user_id": "X-PJ2iZyw_zqhnwgyoqxyw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/20/2018", "text": "I've journeyed to Mexico and California and thought nothing could compare... until I visited Los Tacos.You know why your local taco truck you swear your life by absolutely sucks compared to this place? They're cooking your meat wrong! The meat needs to be marinated in red chile sauce and put onto a rotating spike. It makes the world of a difference in texture and flavor. Solely grilling or pan-frying does not achieve that same addicting flavor that these places in Mexico and Los Angeles have achieved. Look up El Fogon in Mexico, Ave 26 in Los Angeles, and of course Los Tacos #1; they are all cooked the same way. This is true Al Pastor/Adobada style and don't forget the pineapple! If you're wondering what the difference is between Al Pastor and Adobada - Southern Mexico calls it Al Pastor and Northern Mexico calls it Adobada.Trust me, you must brave the crowded and seatless chaos that is Chelsea Market to see why Los Tacos is truly #1!"}, {"review_id": "udXoRCfUN5TkOjGlpFsYbA", "user_id": "mEEnkOj980tl6QuHdKwYNA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/9/2018", "text": "Very crowded, always bustling but housed inside this den of disrespected personal space are some of the tastiest food stalls, serving some prime eats. To be honest, I used to come here, years ago when I was interning at the former St. Vincent Hospital. Lunchtime consisted of a short walk to the market, seeking out the shorted line, grabbing food and shoveling it down my throat before my superiors were asking about my whereabouts.My girlfriend works in the area and I was meeting up with her so she took me to the market to try Los Tacos which she swears by. This would be my first time eating here. The line was crazy long but they are super efficient so it dwindles down relatively quickly.I ordered some Guac and Chips but dropped my chips due to the lack of counter space and constant moving down the line. The girl who was serving me was very nice about it and gave me a new batch of chips. Both were fresh and I love a tasty guacamole.I had a Nopal Taco and a Carne Asada taco and both were great. My friend and I found a little nook where two diners had just finished scarfing down their food and we did a little light cleaning before pigging out ourselves. It was great. I wanted to go back and order a couple more tacos but that damned line grew again and I was not having anymore of the queue.I want more."}, {"review_id": "1deZfk3X1ng3o0Wq8pWQHQ", "user_id": "qTcese4apYSlYZpSZyj6NA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/5/2018", "text": "I think the hype is a little too much. Long lines... madness to say the least. You wait on a long line to order your food then they give you a ticket and you get on another line to encounter a large amount of people crowding the counter top area where you have to give the guys the ticket and they make your food.  The first time I went there it was really good. Then, the second time I went there the Nopal was so slimy it slipped out of the taco and didn't taste right. Consistency is obviously an issue. I would say its worth it if its your first time other than that, there is limited seating and i think they should put two soft taco shells around the taco so all of the things inside don't slip out.. They should also develop a better system to manage crowding at the counter top area. Cash and credit accepted."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/los-tacos-no-1-new-york?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]