[[{"review_id": "5m6tsXvqsqzWvxsGgdEWbg", "user_id": "KyoxhEO47pPEuBC0cZlc3A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/18/2017", "text": "Late-ish dinner on a Friday night:Spur of the moment date night after being cooped up for a month for various reasons. Our criteria were: within the City limits, where we prefer to keep our money, and tried and true, because we weren't interested in trailblazing. Shango fit the bill on both counts, and the mister smiled at the thought of NOLA style cuisine. Called to see if we needed reservations, and they got us in for 9:30, an hour and a half later, and perfect because we had errands. We arrived 15 minutes early and were seated immediately. I hadn't been here in years and it looked very different... darker, more intimate. Just really gorgeous. The soundtrack was anywhere from Louis Armstrong to They Might Be Giants, nice and upbeat. But not so loud that we couldn't hear each other or our server. Our booth was elegant and we were glad for it, although in the future we'll request a table and chairs. Nothing against the venue, it's just that the booths here are antiques, and made for folks much thinner and more spry than we are. The vibe from the clientele ranged from casual to dressy date nights/work gatherings, which is par for this price range in Buffalo (I'd say around $26 for an entree and around $15 for a po boy; drinks $6-12). The hostess hung our coats for us which was a nice touch. Our server was awesome! Shoutout to \"Robert or Bobby, whichever you prefer!\" He was knowledgeable and attentive despite being a relatively new hire. He made our evening extra special. Left us alone but also was there when we needed him. Conversational but not overly chatty. That's an art. Great beer menu and the mister was able to find things he hasn't tried before. Very extensive wine menu. By the glass, half, or full bottle. No cocktails but we honestly didn't miss them. Started with the fried calamari, which were served with fried olives, pickled red onions, and a flavorful but not overly spicy remoulade. Perfect. Not greasy and definitely not rubbery, a rarity in Buffalo if you ask us. We had already decided on this when we saw acquaintances who made sure we ordered it. \"I used to dislike calamari until I tried them here.\" Good call. My beau decided on the Bouillabaisse, a generous portion with expertly cooked seafood (not rubbery), a satisfying and clear broth, and the right seasoning. I tried the buttermilk-free-range-fried-chicken served with braised southern greens and cheddar cheese grits. \"My God, it's full of stars\" from 2001: A Space Odyssey comes to mind. Not only was the chicken boneless, but it was the juiciest white meat I have ever had. Can't eat like that every day, nor should I, but I'm glad I tried it. Delicious!Lots of good desserts but of course I always go with creme brûlée if it's available. Shango's brûlée is infused with espresso and topped with chocolate covered espresso beans. The perfect post dinner pick me up. Not too big either. But big enough for two to share. We were ordering dessert ten minutes before closing but never felt rushed. A friend told us to say hi to owner Jim Guarino, and he came out to chat with us after dinner which was really nice. Total sweetheart. Buffalo born and bred, and he's involved in local causes, which we appreciated. Lucky for us he was in the kitchen last night, and from the sound of things he often is. It's always nice when we can give feedback directly. Yelp and others are great, but let's face it, a bit passive aggressive. Luckily, we had no complaints. We'll definitely be back! I'm really tempted by the brunch idea. Honestly, one of the best local restaurant experiences we've had in awhile, and all on a whim!"}, {"review_id": "zSpE-q86Z0JRuYFjVtTGfQ", "user_id": "6dlAsxayTFl7oWFPSOJmfA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/12/2018", "text": "My girlfriend and I made reservations for Shango on a Friday evening and were pleased. When I have dinner someplace nice, I like to complete my meal with an old fashioned, which seemed exceptionally appropriate here. I was disappointed to learn they serve wine and beer only, but the impressive bottled beer list quickly caught my attention and the Allagash Black stout was enjoyable. We split the barbecue shrimp and cheddar grits appetizer -- it was excellent. The jumbo shrimp were enormous and flavorful and the grits were tasty. The complimentary bread tray came with several light and dark varieties, all of which were perfect, and the cajun olive oil dipping sauce was very good.  I had the fried catfish po boy with a side of jambalaya; my girlfriend had the gouda mac and cheese (she orders this anytime it's on a menu without fail). The po boy was so-so -- it could've been more flavorful. The chili aioli was tasty but spread lightly. The quinoa, shrimp, crawfish and andouille jambalaya was perfect -- strong meaty, seafoody flavors with a nice peppery kick. The food came out a bit slow, but not so much that it was a huge bother. Our waiter was knowledgeable and friendly. It was a pleasant experience and we'll likely be back -- if for no other reason because I love cajun/creole food and it's tough to find in Buffalo."}, {"review_id": "gAN-aB9tsADlq2aIFLxp-g", "user_id": "4hjIeYRJPCQ2_r71Cc9Ypw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/1/2017", "text": "First time at Shango and I was pleasantly surprised. Great atmosphere and even better service. My boyfriend and I came in around 7 on a Friday night. We were seated immediately at a cozy table in the corner.We ordered the special jalapeño cheddar tater tots as an app.... YUM. I decided on the buttermilk free range fried chicken dish with cheddar cheese grits, bacon-braised southern greens, and andouille sausage gravy. Chicken was juicy but definitely under seasoned. Grits were ok and the gravy was probably my favorite thing on the plate.Every dish coming out around us looked and smelled amaze so I will definitely be coming back to try more!"}, {"review_id": "YYgXY22RcA8V2psF225n1g", "user_id": "eqS5lpxVMEzS_xaGP8NW_w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "How could we live less than 2 miles from this restaurant and have never heard of it until this week when Gusto did a feature on Restaurant Week locales to check out? This place is outstanding - from service to food quality to decor. We made a same day reservation and had to wait 20 minutes past our reservation time. The host checked in with us multiple times, apologized for the delay and comped a round of drinks. For 20 minutes? Sold on this place already. Soup and salad - fresh and delicious. Seasoned oil for the bread - OMG, give us a loaf! Pasta and fried chicken entrees - plates wiped clean. Key lime pie and peanut butter chocolate torte deserts - ditto. Can't say one bad thing about this gem of a restuarant. Looking forward to becoming regulars. Thank you Shango!"}, {"review_id": "EzORhu0tQZ_Ga0or_CgTEA", "user_id": "e09R_MxH1rfbooizqy09fw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/9/2018", "text": "Happy HourI went here with my husband to meet some friends and it was great!! Awesome wine! They didn't have the beer my husband wanted but he was satisfied with what he ended up getting. We ended up getting appetizers and they were great! Fish tacos and calamari. Both were delicious! Learned a little bit about the history (it was originally a bakery!) from our super friendly bartender. I would definitely go back!"}, {"review_id": "jWv7EImGqr9KMkAKhhioXQ", "user_id": "7Ul1OjUXUdrgWnoMZoq9gw", "rating": 1.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "A mistake. Steak over cooked. Didn't have truffle fries and was served frozen French fries and offered ketchup as a result. Waitress ignored us and forgot to bring drinks"}, {"review_id": "QjHaKgwcc4BD35CYPNoGuQ", "user_id": "U6SAvRzs2Orov6nrGgQlUQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "I went for restaurant week so I won't comment on the wait time because of that. But either way, the food was worth the wait! I had the penne with shrimp, scallops, and sausage and it was amazing. It had just the right amount of spice and was extremely flavorful. The vibe of the restaurant was also very trendy and intimate; this would be an excellent place to take a date. The wait staff were great and apologized for the wait times because of restaurant week. I had a great time and would come back again to try other items on the menu."}, {"review_id": "qLUdjSd4-1MBLafRYhXMNA", "user_id": "oKenH3hbdJyAIoD-ErvsNw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/5/2018", "text": "The service was good, walked in with no reservation and got seated quickly on a friday night. The wine and seafood never disappoints. The downfall of the night came when we got our desserts. In my boyfriends ice cream was a small metal round piece, that he nearly swallowed. This is such a hazard. We told our server and they discounted our drinks, but I'm still weary of anything containing ice cream. A piece of their scooper fell in. Oh well, might just be going here for wine from now on."}, {"review_id": "gDptVvRAASJggWC19jPYAw", "user_id": "blMIJM3CGThhg0VwzPwalA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/3/2017", "text": "Found myself needing to leave the apartment one night because of a concert across the street, so I met up at Shango with a friend. The location is nice, near SATO ramen, and O'Connells. The inside is classic nice restaurant: white tablecloth and votives. While I think they could improve the look of the restaurant with some renovations, it was nice. Our server was very attentive and personable, offering his personal recommendations (which I always love). Off his recommendation, we ordered the Mussels off the specials menu. It was a big portion (could have been a dinner if not shared), and had a hugely flavorful broth. The waiter probably brought four bread baskets over b cause we kept soaking up the broth with the bread. At this point I should mention that the bread is also excellent. They make a cornbread and crusty white and wheat bread, served with a garlic herb oil, and pickles. The hostess remarked that the cornbread would probably more aptly be called corn cake, and I wholeheartedly agree. You know that joke about asking the waiter to cancel your entree and bring more bread? Well you'll understand when you have the cornbread.As to the entrees? They were great. My friend got the shrimp and pork belly po boy (served with sweet potato fries and coleslaw), and I got the amberjack with creamed corn, shrimp, and shoestring sweet potato fries. Both entrees were fantastic, although the sweet potato threads made mine somewhat tough to eat.In the end, Shango gets 5 stars because the waiter and the cornbread were phenomenal."}, {"review_id": "PL9xOuW9vbLVg7PhcHHuQw", "user_id": "DUEdblSXOHgiKbJTxjuHbA", "rating": 1.0, "date": "5/14/2017", "text": "FYI, this review is more about the terrible experience than the actual food AND it's incredibly long. Yesterday, we dined here to celebrate my graduation. There were about 12 of us, and my mom made reservations 2-3 weeks ago (and I have emails to confirm our conversations should the disgusting owner ask to see them). Also, for context, I would like to describe our party: 9 black women, 2 white women, and one little boy. I think it's important to note that we were primarily a group of black women because I'm pretty positive that we were treated so poorly because of this. I'm an educated, well-travelled and reasonable person, and I try very hard to think of reasons why people act the way they do ASIDE from racism, but there's no way for me to justify the owner's behavior as anything but a genuine disdain for people of color. He spoke to us like we were beneath him and not worthy of his mediocre food. Now, let me get to the review. My mom and I were the first to arrive at about 4:50. The (I assume) manager could not find our reservation for 20, and there was another party of 20 booked for the same time. Seeing that we were disappointed, he tried to accommodate us and had the staff bring up tables and chairs from downstairs to create extra dining space. But it didn't really work; it was SUPER cramped and we couldn't fit. Because my mom was upset and it was supposed to be a happy occasion for me, my friend (who is white - this is important for the story), offered to be the spokesperson for our group and spoke to the manager about getting a different area to better accommodate us. They decided to move us to an area in the back. So now were seated at a round table in the back, with mix-match chairs. Yes, some of us had to sit in cheap metal folding chairs from their basement. But whatever, I just wanted to spend time with my loved ones. The service was a little inconsistent and there were issues with meals getting mixed up and orders being placed with the kitchen at different times. My aunt and little cousin got their entrees WAY before everyone else and I got mine after everyone finished their food. Also, the food wasn't great. Some things were tastier than others but they couldn't even get fried chicken right. But whatever. It seems like the staff was a little flustered, and honestly, it's not even that  big of a deal anymore. During our dinner, my friend (who was our group \"representative\") joked about a discount while the waiter handed out the drinks that were initially sent back because they were flat. I think this is what added to the drama at the end. My mother reviewed the check and questioned something with the waiter. She also asked to speak to someone about the total. I was sitting across from her so I could not hear her exact words. A few minutes later, the owner (who was not present for any of the previous exchanges) STORMED in the room and YELLED, \"WHO ASKED FOR A DISCOUNT, WE DON'T DO DISCOUNTS (yet there are other yelpers who say they were comped in their reviews)!!\" My mom tried to answer him and he proceeded to SCREAM over her. \"IF YOU DON'T WANT TO PAY THE CHECK, I'LL CALL THE POLICE!\" Hold the damn phone. Even if a customer is being difficult, even IF my mother was unreasonable (which she was not), who would speak to a customer that way? And what man thinks it's ok to speak to women in that manner? And you'll call the police?! Why was that needed? And how did it escalate to that so quickly?He also said something about only accepting reservations through Open Table (my mom called and made one over the phone), even though their website says nothing about how one should make a reservation. I just want to explain that we were polite and spoke respectfully the ENTIRE meal, even when we were frustrated with the repeated mistakes and poor dining conditions in general. He spoke to us like we were trashy heathens who did not deserve to be in his establishment. We are college educated, professional women. We did not deserve to be berated. And as a black woman, I'm acutely aware of how we may be perceived by other races when we express discontent. To avoid the whole \"angry black woman\" stereotype, my friend chose to be the voice of our group until the owner stormed in. I'm not delusional, I know this review isn't going to put them out of business, but people should know how this owner treats people. Although I'm seething mad, particularly because of how he spoke to my mother, I feel sorry for this man. How miserable he must be. And I feel worse for his staff, if he can speak to customers (the very people who keep him in business) like this, can you imagine how he speaks to his employees?!?I would just like to thank the guy in the green shirt (who I believe was the manager) because he was nice to us throughout all this nonsense. I truly feel that he really did try to accommodate us as best as possible. And he appeared to be incredibly embarrassed by the owner's behavior."}, {"review_id": "4KNSvM79jTDN8sTWNPkoHg", "user_id": "G5jF4SJxprxf4rQYkemHtw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "10/8/2017", "text": "Stopped in for a quick meal. We ordered a finger lakes Riesling but they did not have in stock and replace with another New York Riesling. Which was good however little dry. We had the shrimp and grits and the fish kabobs for appetizers. The coconut rice with the kabobs was amazing and the topping was flavourful. However the shrimp and grits was bland with little to no spice and tasted off. For an entree we had the seared perch which was good perfectly cooked the sides were delicious. For dessert we had the Bananas Foster which was a bit over melted and was not made tableside. A bit of a disappointment. Our tummy were later upset and we think it might have been the shrimp and grits. Will probably not be back again, unless just for drinks."}, {"review_id": "e-a1bHuUKWM6nkU7WL0ckg", "user_id": "ghJlR6RtTjyhRuPMzzETsg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "10/31/2017", "text": "So, I'm trying to find the words to describe both the food and experience at Shango and can only come up with ok. I initially picked this spot to meet a friend based on the amazing food and ambiance photos. When I arrived, there was a happy hour going but only at the bar (I think two or so people were there). Thankfully, one of the servers said she would honor the happy hour prices at a nearby table as we wanted some wiggle room to chat and unwind.I ordered the crab, artichoke and jalapeno dip which was just ok. Given my love for any and all things crab and artichoke, I found this appetizer to be a little on the oily side with clumps of green onions thrown on top as garnish. The bread it came with was also a bit tough that made me pray I didn't scratch the side of my mouth trying to eat it, lol.The salad I had wasn't bad, either. The balsamic dressing had a nice flavor and thickness to it, and it's always nice to have some fruit with your greens. My gal pal I was with had the pork belly appetizer that she said was just ok. (Can't speak on it any more than what she told me.)While the food wasn't bad (it wasn't out of this world IMO), the service was ... off. Our server did check up on us, but it almost felt as if we were inconveniencing *her* for sitting and eating. Maybe it was an off day, but with the ok food, I don't think I'll be going back to Shango anytime soon."}, {"review_id": "_cLYRCy6K2_9RTrOgy-W8Q", "user_id": "Mcx8_oKnSa41wF2f28DeWw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/15/2017", "text": "Amazing brunch!We came here on a sunday, for brunch. We got there just at 11 and we were lucky to get a table. I guess they were pretty booked up with reservstions. The restaurant was more upscale than I had expected. I was wearing Sunday morning-after-night-of-drinking clothes, a bit underdressed. We ordered the gumbo to start with a mimosa. Both were good, gumbo was very tasty. For brunch we ordered Blackened Flat Iron steak and the poached eggs over smoked salmon hash. The steak was cooked perfectly medium rare over a very flavorful jumbolya. Her meal, from what I was allowed to try was very good as well but apparently it was excellent as I usually get left the left overs, not this time.I wish they offered brunch more than once a week. If that were the case I would probably be more broke so, I  guess it's a good thing. If you're going, I would call ahead. If not get there at exactly 11 and cross your fingers. If you're anywhere near this place go, you will not be dissapointed."}, {"review_id": "FI3iJj0RcMLCJgZarqY6Kw", "user_id": "c8Du5NCHQwEu-kGio1-4yA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/6/2018", "text": "What a delicious and authentic feeling New Orleans Bistro. From the grits and po boys what a treat this place was. We ate at the bar and the bartender was excellent. It's much fancier feeling in the dining room. We would eat at the bar again as it's more our speed. Can't wait to go back next time we are in Buffalo."}, {"review_id": "hK6AEec0O6ZOgawnBvkAwQ", "user_id": "DyuP4tp1qUCD8NlMyYyhLw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "7/19/2017", "text": "Been to Shango quite a bit, both for brunch and dinner. I love me some New Orleans style food! I always try to get something different when we go, but I love the avocado spring rolls and lobster cakes. My husband's favorite is their stuffed French toast for brunch. My favorite New Orleans influenced restaurant is still Dick and Jenny's, but if we don't feel like driving out to Grand Island- Shango is our go to and we usually bring out of town guest to Shango too."}, {"review_id": "ShSGs0SCEJyKHjk4LiUTBg", "user_id": "2JqFNR3E15Re1v1CtigviQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/6/2018", "text": "Dinner at Shango was out of this world. They have very limited hours, but if you get the chance and you like New Orleans cuisine like we do try it!   I had the scallops over jumbalaya, the wife had fried chicken, Ma had Mac and Cheese and all 3 were out of this world! Magdeline was our server and did a fantastic job as well."}, {"review_id": "xv0w3zX4x4yVXk64Tlq3rw", "user_id": "Qq-TXsHEdE7NL_mzqNYFJg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/16/2018", "text": "This was not our first visit to Shango, we have been there for brunch and dinner many times. We chose Shango tonight for Restaurant Week based on the 2018 menu online.  First disappointment, we had reservations but couldn't have a booth even though there were two open. Second disappointment, the menu was completely different than what was posted on their site. We were fine with it because the food is always very good. First course, seafood chowder or seasonal salad. Both excellent! Main course, my husband had the pork chop. It was very tender but was too salty for my pallet. I had the ahi tuna and the plate had two pieces of very rare tuna which is how it should be.  The first piece was flavorful but the second piece was stringy, so much that It was difficult to cut.  I have to say, I enjoyed the key lime tart with blueberry compote more than my tuna. Service was fine and attentive but I did feel that the courses came out too quickly. In fact, our crab cake appetizer came out with the soup and salad. Although this visit was not one of the better dinners we have had at Shango, we will return to give it another shot."}, {"review_id": "fJmMnB-3g6YK8P1YAFk0_w", "user_id": "mel3b3nLLYe2wLdHBOwavw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/11/2017", "text": "Beer and wine only, but quite an extensive wine list. Wish they had beer cocktails.There is one vegetarian option on the menu, a roasted root vegetable farro risotto, which can be ordered vegan. It's a great dish but because there is only one, I'm giving the place three stars. Nice ambiance, excellent staff."}, {"review_id": "LoJd99WKoz6Fo0ak0CV41Q", "user_id": "Qspt3fVVA2s_U4A6gmJp4Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "10/23/2016", "text": "It was restaurant week and we forgot about that. We enjoyed the food,  it was extremely tasty.  The only thing we didn't like is you could only order off the restaurant week menu.  So we were limited to what we could order.  The waitress was average. The owner parents were extremely nice. They asked if we were cold and turned off the fan. I had the pork porterhouse.  It was excellent and water in my mouth.  My friend had the blacken Salmon and said it was good, but need more spices, but the gumbo was great.  For an appetizer we had banana peppers that were extremely spicy. We also had duck tacos that were out of this world. The meal came with salad , main dish and a dessert.  The salad had toasted walnuts, apples, craisins, smoked blue cheese with the dressing of balsamic vinaigrette. I really like salsas and this one was great. The desert was apple crisp. For a price of less then $22 for restaurant week it was a great deal"}, {"review_id": "GP4g4iFu_p_KzMmomKVZyw", "user_id": "l3GHHpbC9b1yGmIvpDr_cA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/26/2017", "text": "Great atmosphere and excellently food.  Waitress was extremely friendly. I had the Cajun meatloaf.  Wow!   Good flavor.  I ordered a side of gumbo- big mistake.  The portions were large and plenty.  Good eats!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/shango-new-orleans-bistro-wine-bar-buffalo?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]