[[{"review_id": "BiXYrDNj0vGMkhsnQo1qDQ", "user_id": "bjIlPbH8aDChmGZmZp__HQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "WOWWW Totto ramen really surprised me.BTW This is the original and Totto Ramen Next Door is the tonkotsu sister restaurant. Honestly I was skeptical about eating chicken ramen bc I've only had tonkotsu aka pork (being from California & spoiled with Menya Ultra and Orenchi). The sound of chicken ramen sounded... Healthy *cringe*BUT I was very wrong. It was AMAZING. A must try when in NYC. FOOD:-Extra spicy Chicken paitan with chicken, option of chicken meat or pork (~$13): A perfect bowl of ramen! The spicy sauce similar to a saute sauce comes on the side. The soup was flavorful with a balance between salty and fatty (on the lighter side of fat compared to tonkotsu but won't leave you feeling heavy). The noodles were cooked perfectly al dente (ask if you want more cooked). The chicken was sooooooo good. It wasn't dry at all but it wasnt too salty or fatty either. Please teach me how to cook my chicken like this ah. -Miso paitan: comes with half a boiled egg, ground pork, bean sprouts, and a choice of Char siu or chicken. Wasn't as huge of a fan of this one because I felt like the miso flavoring wasn't strong enough for me. But the egg was amazing. I would definitely add this to my ramen. -Sapporo bottled :( was hoping for draft (~$6)SERVICE:Amazing service with smiles everywhere ! Wait on Wednesday for a table of 4 at 5:30pm was 10 minutes.AMBIANCE:Casual with dim lighting. Small place with a ramen bar and about 3 side tables for slightly larger parties (not good for tables of 4+)."}, {"review_id": "L7LtR_zq-svs8VmkBZ60fA", "user_id": "b9oSFGOCWH9UOcVmZjg4qg", "rating": 1.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "FOOD : So good ! Rich in flavor and very large portions. best ramen while in NY for sure!!!!!!!!SERVICE:  WOW! THEY DEMAND you leave a certain amount of TIP.?? i left a tip and according to them it has to be 10% . i was literally .33 cents short! (she came out with 8.99 as time. but my calculations for $54 bill is about $ 5 and change! )  a  so i had to bring out a $20 and break for change so i can leave another $1.tipping is not a demand! we leave tip for gratitude  . Unless they are running an illegal scheme here, and not paying the waitresses hourly lol i dont see how they can demand what one should leave.,   Cash only so you know they arent paying taxes like most restaurants! $18 ramen is a bit much for noodles lol"}, {"review_id": "93j1Y-A-HfcessrRvqhF0A", "user_id": "5Ih7YcRrIk1T-Od7P5S9Fw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "Tried Totto Ramen for the first time on a Saturday night. Because we were looking to eat around 11pm,  we opted for this location since it closes at midnight. Our group of 5 got there around 11:10pm and got our name on a list; there was a crowd waiting already. Around 11:30pm, they stopped taking names. The hostess took our orders before we sat so that the kitchen could get to work preparing. When it came time to sit, the hostess asked if we were okay splitting in a table of two and a table of three, as we would be able to sit much sooner compared to waiting for a table of 5. We were fine with that and two of us sat at the bar and three at a table. We got an order of the chicken bun and then the spicy paitan ramen and added corn and soft boiled eggs. The chicken buns were okay, a little heavy on the mayonnaise. The ramen was flavorful and the noodles were cooked well. But the broth was very very thick, almost gravy-like consistency.  Not sure that was because it was the end of the night or that's the normal broth for them. Either way, not my preference.Wouldn't say no to going back and trying another location or another time, but wouldn't seek it out with the other options in the neighborhood."}, {"review_id": "xi6oiekq3keVMnQn3E63FQ", "user_id": "PejkrWKTSfuGibt3tW-vaA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "This is a mixed review and I would state my reason for giving this location 3 stars.We've always eaten at the Midtown East location because it is less crowded. Today, we were at the Theatre District and chose to eat at Modtown West. Totto Ramen always serves excellent ramen and it is our group's favorite. However, this particular location played very loud heavy metal music. There were 6 of us in the group and on a Sunday evening peak hour, we arrived at 5:15 pm and got seated at 6:20 pm. The lady took our order ahead of time and when we got to our table, food was served in less than 5 minutes. Great! But then again, the very loud noise makes you want eat your ramen faster than usual, so maybe that was their technique? My take on that is we wanted to eat our ramen as fast as we can so we can leave the place. This is the only why we would never go back to Midtown West. If you want a more quiet and less quiet Totto Ramen, go to Midtown East."}, {"review_id": "yPD_o2JDb7y3GfrTyeRfXQ", "user_id": "IgmfJOA9yFyTr8B2BWcVqA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Solid ramen joint. We came here because they were open til midnight and it was getting close to 11. Even at that time, there were about 10 people waiting but with most ramen places, lots of people don't linger so table turnover is pretty quick.They are a well-oiled machine. If there are people waiting, you can place your order (including drinks) with the host. I was hesitant to do that since a place I went to in LA did this and we got ramen that looked like it was sitting around for five minutes before getting to our table. But the ramen was still hot and the noodles weren't overcooked.I tried the Nibo Paitan and my friend had the Chicken Paitan. Both were good and had distinct flavors. The ramen broth is thick which makes it great to cling to the noodles but not something I want to drink at the end. Too much salt.Despite getting to our table and getting our ramen shortly afterward, the downside is the tight space. Every table has the possibility of becoming a community table. You should be okay with sitting next to someone else or a group of people and hearing all about their lives. My friend and I are introverted and being that close to others was so draining that basically we just sat there, ate our ramen, paid and left."}, {"review_id": "JedZ_1NoBanHnfHQ8PITCw", "user_id": "oQM1HlheCRO0-HRqZOUETg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "Came here a few months back during my NYC trip. Arrived on a Thursday night around 9pm and there was a line out the door already. Put our names on the waiting list and about 30 mins or so we got seated inside. After all the hype I decided to try it out and it was A-OK. I think I'm spoiled by all the good ramen places out here in the Bay Area that this was just OK. I ordered the Miso Paitan which included ground pork, half boiled egg, scallions, bean sprouts, onions and char siu. I paid extra to add some tofu. Broth was steaming hot which was perfect for cold weather. Noodles were plentiful but it stops there. There was no WOW factor just a quick bowl of ramen that got lost in the shuffle of all the other hundreds of bowls of ramen that I have had. Also ordered fried oysters and a plate of curry rice over chicken. Both items were OK. Service was quick as this is a quick in and out type of place. Asked for a coke which never came. Super busy so hard to have severs that are attentive. This is also cash only, a little inconvenient but there is an ATM right next door. Unfortunately won't be back."}, {"review_id": "gfstjc2Q_GpKbiTmETvNzw", "user_id": "Zq31drx-JM2R1MKQg8uJQw", "rating": 2.0, "date": "4/16/2018", "text": "Let's start off with the bad and end good I guess.Venue: tiny, as most NYC places, it was cramped but not only that, they really try to squeeze you in there just to make that extra bowl of money. Not the cleanest of places, grungy looking. The wait is always long, I've been multiple times, during the cold season they can't even get a small heater outside for their waiting customers, that's how cheap they are.Service: what service?! It's all about cranky people in and out without any courtesy. The more bowls they can make the more money. We got sat in the far back corner with a shared table, that's great we get to make friends. The other folks ended up leaving so we scooted in so that the next group had a place to sit without moving in and out. We got told to move and forced us to literally sit in the walkway of an already cramped restaurant so not only did we not get to enjoy our meal fully, but people kept excusing themselves to move behind us constantly.... I think that's a sign to cut down on the number of seats or expand the venue. The service was very rude when we brought up this idea as if it was absurd. We were trying to create less burden on all parties, they just wanted to make more seats for more money.Payment: it is unfortunately cash only. Another inconvenience they purposefully choose as this saves them money, fees, new equipment, etc. We gave our cash and suppose to get back $56 but instead they kept the $6 and gave us back two $20s and a $10.... so they expected us to give the $10 as tip and they already kept the $6. The party next to us even noticed and thought it was absurd they would do that, at least break the $10 if they wanted to keep the $6.Ramen: the best part of this experience wasn't even that great. I've been here once before and got a different bowl which was good, this time it was also good, but man was the char siu NOT AT ALL TENDER. It was very tough in fact for everyone, so maybe it was the batch of pork? But the soup at the end of the day was still delicious and I got the extra spicy ramen so got to spice up my broth as much as I wanted. Food was a 4 Star but everything else was less hence the rating.Honestly, next time we will go to ippudo around the corner for a larger space, much better service, and just as good of ramen, better apps! Will not be back, happy eating."}, {"review_id": "bKm6KE-UO4oIUDFFHX1fVw", "user_id": "8yotJzdYmtsaCHIfJhNmCg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "I recently visited Totto Ramen during a trip to NYC. We got there pretty late on  Thursday night (around 10:30PM maybe?) and there was still a pretty large wait. It was pretty chilly outside so most people waiting were crammed into their small entry way as we waited to be seated. They took our order before we were seated, which I appreciated because I imagine it speeds up the process. The place is pretty small with only a handful of tables and then some seating at a bar that overlooks the employees preparing the ramen, so I imagine there is probably always a wait for the most part. Also, as a heads up, this place is CASH ONLY! So prepare accordingly. Once we got seated our food was brought out relatively quickly. I got an order of the char sui pork buns (2 for $6) and the spicy miso paitan ramen ($12). I felt like the pricing here was pretty good compared to other places in NY that I visited, so that was nice. I LOVED the pork buns! I know others in my group said that Momofuku's pork buns were better, but I would disagree. The ones at Totto came with a white sauce (maybe mayo?) on it that really tied it together for me. I just thought they were so delicious. The ramen was pretty good. The egg was the perfect amount of runny and the flavor of the broth was good. Also props to this place for having a sick playlist. They were throwing me back to my early high school days at Warped Tour which I appreciated for the nostalgia. Overall, I'd say check it out if you're looking for some good ramen and pork buns that won't break the bank."}, {"review_id": "zOeKzGzkxw48uE0jYMdvkw", "user_id": "4PQDWy8hB0of5cAYIyr6IA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/4/2018", "text": "The mega paitan is the way to go. Comes with three varieties of pork so you can try them all! It'll put you in a ramen coma. I was a bit apprehensive about trying it because I thought chicken broth would be a bit bland, but I'm glad they used chicken broth because otherwise, I think all that pork would have killed me. The shredded pork, garlic, and other garnishes make this broth extremely heavy (in a good way), and I think you could easily split this bowl with someone else.The place itself is a very chic hole-in-the-wall type place. It reminds me of Ramen places in Japan, but like, American hipster-fied. Really cool place to grab dinner. Beware of the wait - I came early, but there was a bit of a line when I left.There's a place next door that seems to be the same restaurant, but with tonkatsu broth. I might give it a try next time I'm in the area."}, {"review_id": "Lv0OGBNlDq27TEQxU8gXBw", "user_id": "Swp5dBhWTcuTjhi0XmLNcA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/23/2018", "text": "I came here with my boyfriend a little before they opened for dinner around 5:15. There was already a group of about 10 people waiting in front of us. We put our name down on the list and then was given a menu to place our orders before they seated us. We were seated at 5:30 which is when they open, and had already placed our orders at the stand in the front. We ordered the mega ramen and the spicy ramen. Both with creamy and savory broths. I wish the ramen was more al dente, but still delicious. Good size chashu with the ramen unlike other places. I was definitely full off the one bowl of ramen. I also ordered the pork baos but found them to be underwhelming, next time I'll stick with the ramen only."}, {"review_id": "Pxv4QOUNN4PrALS7MHudWA", "user_id": "ZGTuCOVq7I4bsyypXAFcLw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "It was raining and exactly 12pm opening time but already there was a wait with several names on the waiting list. It's recommended to come a bit earlier than 12pm so you can try to get inside and be the first 15 or so seated since the restaurant is small with just a bar counter and a table that seats 2 and 4 people. The counter is great to sit at and watch them cook as you eat. You can see them torch the pork and create the ramen bowls in front of your eyes.I got the chicken paitan with pork and 2 piece cha siu bun to split with my friend. It was delicious, it was filling, and something about sitting at the counter and watching the cooks prepare the ramen elevates the eating experience. CASH ONLY."}, {"review_id": "8Uudj5hzwUeWi5rLuTlMXw", "user_id": "p5kO-OzEgA0EtdHSdzKUeQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/23/2018", "text": "I agree with the fellow yelpers that this place is a solid 4 stars  Got the pork buns, spicy  ramen  and a regular chicken  bowl. It was all tasty, they are cash only and do require one order per person."}, {"review_id": "R8epWo89JLu3fmUE28njyg", "user_id": "Ak9b_afOhPFOCApDaeqlrg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/19/2018", "text": "When my girlfriend and I were planning our weekend getaway to NYC, this was one of the places we knew we had to hit up, so we planned that after going to Broadway, we would come here for dinner and we did.Located on a side street in Midtown/Hell's Kitchen , we came here after seeing Anastasia. This a no-frills place but even at 10:00 pm the line was out the door. The concept is pretty simple. You write your name down on a paper outside the door and how many in your party and you grab a menu. Promptly the hostess will come and take your order while you wait for your seat. After a 10-15 minute wait we were seated and not even 5 minutes from when we were seated, we were served our ramen bowls. We both ordered the spicy paitan with chicken. The ramen was served in a ridiculously large and deep bowl, and being outside in 30-40 degree weather with rain, this was such a comfort food that we gladly slurped it and finished it.As stated before, this a no frills place, so you order, eat and pay. This is not the place you want to stay too long, due to the long lines and the size of the restaurant, but if you do get the chance, try it.Oh and also, cash only."}, {"review_id": "ggSfYhlE-jcH6J78CErTyw", "user_id": "41Pmd4H_9UGuLYbO-mCQ5A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "Arrived at 3:50, no wait at all. This place has an amazing authentic Japanese atmosphere. You sit at the counter, where you can see the chefs doing their work. Ramen cooks to the left, massive vats of broth bubble away to the right, and the meat is flame cooked right in front of you. The staff calls out everything in Japanese.How about the food? Divine. I got the extra spicy Miso Paitan Ramen with pork, and a hot green tea. The broth was so deliciously flavorful, I finished every last drop. The pork belly melts in your mouth and bursts with flavor. The noodles are perfectly al dente, with an addictive texture. The egg was perfectly cooked, and all the toppings (I held the bean sprouts) perfectly complemented the bowl as a whole. And the green tea was deeply flavorful, it reminded me of a good matcha loose leaf green tea, I'm not sure what exactly it was, but as a connoisseur I wasn't disappointed (except that there are no refills).Cash only, and the place is small, but it's worth it. I definitely intend to stop here next time I'm in New York!"}, {"review_id": "izsZutfxH6Ff1iorV1wL7g", "user_id": "n7VTcg4-F94ziJ4eRERSdw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/16/2018", "text": "We booked a trip to NYC and wanted to know what the hot spots were. I happened to find Totto Ramen as I was looking for a place to eat after watching Anastasia on Broadway. Given that it kept popping up on many lists, I had friends who had visited it on Yelp, and that it was close by, affordable, and something that there isn't a lot of in Miami, we went for it.Totto Ramen is underground. You essentially go in the entrance, go downstairs, and sign your name. Waiting is outside unless it isn't packed and you have a little area by the stand that you can wait. When you write your name, make sure to include however many people are in your party and make sure everyone is present. They will not sit you if you have people in your party missing.Anyway, take a look at the menu and get ready to order. The hostess takes your order while you wait. Once you finally get let inside, you are led to a table or to the bar area where you see the employees cooking, pulling noodles by hand and the like. It's pretty interesting and the employees there are super nice. They answer questions about the process, and in general, just want you to enjoy your food. That's another thing, too, the food is almost immediately placed on the table once you are finally sat. This is a no frills, let's eat, pay, and get out of here restaurant.The place is ridiculously small. You really want to enjoy your meal without rushing. Still, don't overstay your welcome. Other guests want a shot at the ramen, too, and let me tell you it's worth it. We waited 10-15 minutes in raining cold and I was so happy when I finally had my spicy paitan with chicken. Note that the boyfriend got the same and we ate happily, our bellies full. We were probably in the last group of the night as this place closes at midnight and we were there around 11 PM or so.I saw people order a variety of dishes from pork buns to mega bowls, but what really stands out here is the chicken paitan. Have it spicy or not spicy, big or small, but have it. You will have no regrets and it definitely hits the spot after a long and arduous day. Add the weather being subpar and it's a recipe to get you smiling. Be aware that this isn't the only location. There are several around town, this one just happened to be the one we went to. Oh, and if you speak Japanese all the better, even if it's just to say thank you. If the staff was nice before, they're even nicer when you show them you appreciate their hard work.Pretty sure, too, this has been covered, but I'll say it again. There's one just last thing that you need to know: CASH ONLY."}, {"review_id": "i7WqcBeh1PhplIiPOXwKOw", "user_id": "JWpy5zJN4NkHK6GmruJ_FA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/13/2018", "text": "Been here many times and to other ramen shops in the area, and I think this is one of my favorites. If you come during peak hours, you could wait for about 30 minutes but their service is fairly quick.During a busy time, you need to walk up to the front and put your name down. When it is almost your turn to be seated, they will come to you with their menu so they can take your order before you are seated. Once you are seated, the ramen comes out in just a few minutes.I have ordered multiple items on their menu, but I think their spicy paitan is my favorite. The extra spicy paitan isn't that much spicier and I like the flavor of the spicy sauce compared to the extra spicy sauce. The ramen comes with a LOT of green onions. If you do not like green onion, make sure to ask for none. If I remember correctly, the miso ramen just comes with a dollop of miso paste on top and you need to mix it in.-The broth is really nice. It has the perfect consistency--it is not too thick where it is super heavy and it isn't too thin to where the broth doesn't hang onto the noodles. I would describe the broth as peppery. The noodles are also nice and chewy!If you are lucky (or not), you will be seated at the bar and you can watch them make each bowl of ramen if you are into that. You can see them use the torch to char the meat right before serving it, cook the noodles and add all the toppings. They have it down to a science.Reading multiple reviews, I have seen many negative ones where their staff demanded more tip than what was given, which has yet to happen to me since I usually give the typical amount of tip. Just keep this in mind when coming."}, {"review_id": "7gX7PP4YesZBy_uTdBbAgA", "user_id": "gHtqoc_VbUdCB58jzjXizg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/11/2018", "text": "So when the wife and I came there today on Sunday we were met with a HUGE wait line, and there was a place right next door that was the same thing but pork broth??? Which is the same people... but in Japan I agree it is Pork that is the original... but, I just had to try the chicken broth to see what everyone else was eating. So it came time for us to order, we had the number 2 and number 7 wow great taste from that broth and nice spice from the green onion and the nice flavor on that pork! Sweet mother of Jesus those bowls were pretty spicy even without that extra spicy oil.We loved every bite. Thank you so much!!!"}, {"review_id": "tH23lNM0TXao2DwkcWICeg", "user_id": "Q9oeD_YWNJ_M8F8_If9jzQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/11/2018", "text": "My fiancee and I went in here when it started snowing like crazy. We experienced heaven on earth when we started eating the buns. They were very soft buns and the meats were very juicy. Ramens were superb. The soup helped us keep warm during the storm, and we didn't want to go back out. They don't accept credit cards though, and they make sure you give appropriate tips. I was giving 15% tips for lunch, but they asked for 18% unless the service was terrible.... it started off really well but it didn't end well.. the only reason I'm giving it 4 stars."}, {"review_id": "VrhqmYW9QiNv4PV_xe3P8Q", "user_id": "Wouha-rlwv9qqRPg9KWKFA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/15/2018", "text": "The mega ramen was a fun one to eat! It's pretty big and very flavorful. It came with more than one type of meat, each of which were great! The pork buns were also incredibly delicious. Had my budget (and stomach space) allowed, I would have ordered way more. Definitely try if you haven't had one of these kind of buns before! The only problem with my visit was that the staff were very rude to my party, even though they were the ones who made a mistake. We had requested to change from a table of 2 to a table of 4 because we were going to have additional friends join us, but a few minutes after they seated us, a lot more people came in and the staff threatened to force us out of the table if our friends didn't arrive soon."}, {"review_id": "BT0QyrIWNWzU3ME-MFyZKg", "user_id": "MWYoSAuDrvUDEIQyIa6Hzw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "That broth is T H I C C thick. I came during a rather off time because there were about 3-4 tables in the back and 2 other people eating at the bar so they may not be as quick they were with me(food came out in less than 3 minutes, top ramen ain't got nothing on totto for speed). It is a bit warm if you have counter seating but it's also fun watching the guys in the back assemble everything. Service is brisk but friendly.Big tip, the egg will be a bit cold-lukewarm as a proper marinated egg should be so let it sit for a bit to warm the whites if a hot egg is your thing. So back to the first point: that broth is T H I C C thick. It's a bit salty and I'm completely surprised it is all chicken. It is delicious. It is worth the hype. It is worth the sometimes hour long weekend wait(not that I had to suffer this). You will save on lip balm. I had the mega paitan which came with shredded/pulled pork, fatty pork belly, and charred chashu. The chashu is definitely one of the best bites. Also there is pickled cabbage which really helps offset/roundsoff everything(I wish my bowl had more).Prices are on par with most other ramen places(which I feel is a dollar or 2 higher than they should be but it's been set so....)"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/totto-ramen-new-york?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]