[[{"review_id": "c45tZWzFmpTtxJfMHBMzsA", "user_id": "IeWHypMzaosVCFe2_-VXWw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/23/2017", "text": "The choices. The choices!!! Between the incredible menu and the extensive drink list, I think you could spend an hour here simply just trying to figure out what you wanted to order!! I ordered the pork rinds. Now, if you wear dentures or have fake teeth, DONT GET THESE. If you love a crunchy challenge like I do, please enjoy these yourself!! You feel something like a dog gnawing at a rawhide. The pork rinds are amazingly crunchy and perfectly salt-and-peppered.My friend got the pretzels, which were huge and salty. They came with a honey mustard dip and a cheese sauce - both of which were perfect creamy, salty, and sweet dipping sauces. I actually dipped my pork rinds in the sauces too (highly recommended)Both of these appetizer dishes were very much large enough to share with the entire table - \"family style\" is the way to go!She got the Cuban and I got the Mushroom Swiss burger because I just had to try the burgers. Neither of us were disappointed. Both dishes were bursting with flavor. Mushrooms can sometimes be cooked with not enough salt or spices, but these ones were great. The Swiss pairs perfectly and the burger was perfectly fatty and meaty - And local beef? You cannot go wrong with that. I so appreciate an affordable restaurant with local meat and produce! My burger was cooked to perfection - medium rare just as I requested. There is no way one could possibly visit tap and mallet and not find what they are looking for!!"}, {"review_id": "DU-o5zE1-dcc0QqnyDsCIA", "user_id": "_mAlYGsmAzWhzCU9C8u1GA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "This is one of my favorite local pubs.  We are vegetarians and my absolute favorite sandwich comes from the Tap.  The CLT is delicious- crispy thin cut smoked coconut, lettuce and tomato on multigrain bread with vegan mayo, this is truly a unique sandwich.  We also get the vegetarian poutine which is generally outstanding (but was a little drowned in gravy on our last visit- but it won't stop me from trying it again every time I come in).  Pickled veggies and brussel spouts are side options and both are outstanding.  Tap and Mallet only has wine and beer but the beer game is on point.  Since opening, the beer has been standout with a wide variety of draft, can and bottle options- some unique to the bar.  Joe McBane is a Rochester notable and owner and commands the beer program here.  I'd say that they are one of the first and still one of the best establishments for a tap takeover.  Consistently bringing in the best beers in the country they have raised the beer game in the whole city over the past several years.  During our most recent visit we went with the Singlecut Half Stack which is so super good.  I'm willing to pay the $6 to $8 pint price if the beer is worth it and when it's matched with food that I love and a cool pub atmosphere it's well worth the trip across the river to the South Wedge."}, {"review_id": "MiREYfbH3kB3xOl_1sYetg", "user_id": "EaQnPNS3wyatlry_k-9tuw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/27/2018", "text": "We recently moved to Rochester and had repeatedly heard about Tap and Mallet but never visited until last week. For some reason, I envisioned a cramped space where you'd fight for bar space based upon newspaper article photos. Space is not an issue - the place is huge, with large bar communal tables, bar seating and a full dining room. The beer list is phenomenal, the bar snacks we had were tasty and the staff were awesome!I highly recommend the place!"}, {"review_id": "kXfWaGONFvYWCTYC674YIQ", "user_id": "FBvie9YjT7jAkpm0PF8ybw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/11/2018", "text": "I would come here again!Now I'm not a beer or brew person, so this is all about the food, service and ambience!Food: Fried chicken sandwich- YUM! It has pickles on the bottom that are jalapeño flavored. the bun is a bit tough, you have to really squish it down on the already high piece of fried chicken to take a bite. The first half of my sandwich was amazing, however the other half was had no meat, but cartilage and what I call the bad part of the chicken. So really I had half a sandwich. Maybe it was just the piece of chicken I got, so I'll maybe come back to try it again. The chicken I DID have was moist, not chewy and perfectly breaded- not too crunchy!Bacon Scallion poutine with beef gravy (you can choose the gravy): YUM!! I would get this! My boyfriend ordered this one and it was gone within minutes. The gravy tasted nostalgic to me, very good! The plate was small however- if you're a guy you'd want to order two or get dessert after which is what we didCrème brûlée: this had some sort of bourbon or beer infusion into it- definitely would get again.Perfectly crip on the top without being burned, sweet without being overpowering. I don't have creme brûlée a lot so I'm not entirely sure if it's supposed to be warm throughout, but our wasn't- it was cold under the crystallized sugar and I wishes it was warmer. Service: our waiter was a no nonsense waiter- idk if it was because we are a young couple, but he swore a lot and \"told it like it is\" if we asked for helping choosing an item. We asked about dessert and was going to go with the lava cake, when we asked him if it was good he said \"well they don't pay me enough here so I'll tell you it isn't that great\" then compared it to Applebee's. Yes it was helpful but the matter of fact tone rubbed me the wrong way.All in all: I'd come again to try other items on the menu, however my first experience had me not totally satisfied due to the weird chicken, small portion of poutine, abrupt server and the cold brûlée. But I'll always try anything twice."}, {"review_id": "xRVQ1joBss0EZZ9N6Z4sog", "user_id": "ehb7SPb41mD31zrU8_3zkA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/7/2018", "text": "There's a small parking lot behind the restaurant, but it was full so I had to park on the street. Someone hit my driver side mirror off, but no biggie. So just be careful when you park, and push your mirror in!When walking in, you have to walk over to the back right corner to find the hostess and ask for a table. The wait was about 20 mins. It was trivia night so no surprise. They only serve beer and wine. I had the rose- it was fine. My friend had the blueberry wheat beer and didn't care for it too much. However, neither of us are beer or wine people! I missed liquor last night, that's for sure.  We had the cauliflower wings with mild buffalo sauce as an app. SO. GOOD. and their vegan bleu cheese is great too. Just spicy enough, and they had a nice crunch.   (The mallet sauce and spicy Asian bbq sauce have honey in them!) My friend ordered the cauliflower tacos. The flavor was on point, and the portion size was nice. 3 well filled tacos! I ordered the vegan beef and cheese. Meh. Seitan is an acquired taste that I apparently don't have. For me, there wasn't enough cheddar cheese on it either. Vegan cheese can be expensive so I almost understand the skimpyness. There was a white sauce on the sandwich that I was not a fan of. The dipping sauce was good though. and the fries were pretty good too! Overall, decent experience. The server left before we had a chance to pay so we sat there for a while waiting to leave. But the restaurant had a nice vibe, and the food was good. I will definitely be back to try more off the vegan menu."}, {"review_id": "aepfZgO8UJ5qvAtYBZ8cxQ", "user_id": "Kc7IwXLrJVqAVMkX6pxWbA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/27/2017", "text": "While up in Rochester recently Wifey, my son and I wanted a decent lunch before heading home. As usual we checked Yelp and found Tap and Mallet. This place isn't your normal pub as the food is a bit fancier than a lot of places and their beer selection is really pretty good. When I come to a place like this I love when our server has a good understanding of the beers and Michele H was great. My son ordered the Blue Pig Burger. Blue cheese, bacon, and greens with fries. My son loved his \"five-star burger\" and it was served on a small Portuguese roll. Looked awesome. Wifey ordered chicken tacos and a Bell's Amber Ale. She really liked the beer and thought the tacos were pretty good, said they were very tasty, but she was hoping they'd be a little spicier.I had the shrimp tacos and ordered a Dieu du Ciel Scotch Ale. The meal came with three fully loaded tacos with lots of shrimp in a jalepeno cheddar sauce with pickled red onions and pineapple. All I can say is Wow. The tacos were awesome and the beer was a HOME RUN!  I doubt I'll ever be up in Rochester again, but I'd definitely come back here if I ever found myself in the area."}, {"review_id": "pBeqoG2g6qR7byy6Ni1iig", "user_id": "v7W2WS_z-uFNV00Tn7qAVQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/22/2017", "text": "Tap and Mallet! As one of the only places with an open kitchen after 11pm on a weeknight, this was my place of choice when a friend came to visit but arrived at 10:30 pm.Let me tell you! This place rocked it. We were honestly 4 out of 6 customers in the bar and the other two were just drinking. How profitable was it to stay open? Who knows, but damn I'm glad they were. We each grabbed a dinner: Shepard's Pie, Salmon LT, Swiss mushroom burger, and a fried chicken sandwich for me!All of my friends loved their meals, but I couldn't get enough of mine. Chicken was well made and the breading was perfection. With just the right kick of spice, it brought the whole dish together. Add in a creamy sauce and you've got the winner! I will say, I added hot sauce to some bites which was out of this world, but it's still great without the extra heat.I got the Mexican street corn for the side and I swear, if you don't get it, you'll have food FOMO forever. GET IT. The waiter, I believe his name was Dan, was fantastic. Great conversation throughout the night and kept us laughing! He made the entire experience so much better. Throw in tons of tap beer and a very knowledgeable staff and you've got a great place to go. I'll be returning regularly!"}, {"review_id": "62lk9x-RKjeGjsuznBGjEg", "user_id": "nQE96j0z3aEqrjjeaa88-g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/22/2018", "text": "This was a nice bar with a nice crowd. There's not really much else to say about it, but the poutine was great!"}, {"review_id": "aPqA5ii_7i-C1XqiUcwG8w", "user_id": "DkiwbmwJuqz2nj3NVA1QYA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "10/10/2017", "text": "This is a lively bar in Rochester. We are not front the area and decided to go here for dinner because the food looked really good. There is a small parking lot in the back which was filled so we had to park on the street. Upon entering we were told there would be about a ten minute wait, which was fine. However we saw a few empty tables in the dining room area. Finally after about ten minutes the hostess comes over and tells us we can sit at a table in the bar area if we want.  So we decided to do that. We didn't realize it was trivia night, which happens every Tuesday at 730 with the winning team receiving a gift card to the bar. This was pretty cool to participate in. Our waiter John was extremely friendly and gave his honest opinion about the food on the menu. I ordered the fried chicken sandwich with poutine fries. The sandwich itself was pretty good and the chicken tasted fresh. The poutine fries were great. The beef gravy really had a good flavor to it. The price was a little on the high end though.All in all, it's a pretty cool bar with some good food that you wouldn't typically see at a bar. The trivia night is a lot of fun and it seems as though a lot of the people that go there know each other so it is definitely a nice local spot to have some food and drinks."}, {"review_id": "yAq1Zxpharzrq-yrV4xNvA", "user_id": "B_-ZN03P7XW-U4_H2X_mXw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/17/2017", "text": "Tap and Mallet has excellent food. Their poutine is one of the best in the city, especially the bacon and scallion one. They have a good sized menu with lots of options, including some vegetarian ones.The bar area is nice and big and is located near the entrance, with a separate dining area to the right. I like having the separate dining room, since it cuts down on noise from the bar. There are booths and tables and the booths are spacious and comfortable.But back to the food -- tonight I had the soft pretzels with beer cheese and dijon and they were great. The pretzels weren't salted but they were crunchy on the outside but still had a soft, chewy texture inside. I also really liked both dips. The bacon and scallion poutine is a huge portion and the cheese curds melt so perfectly! The fries are crispy and all of the flavors blend deliciously.Tap and Mallet is a great place to grab a drink and/or a bite to eat. I love the atmosphere, the food, and the extensive beer list!"}, {"review_id": "o1AN36t9ng96C_vgAGIVow", "user_id": "Oxds7I97cKoHP0KlFnZ3Xg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "8/16/2017", "text": "I don't go to the Southwedge very often and it was my first time checking out this place. It's a great location, with plenty of seating both indoor and outside. They have a fantastic draft selection, perhaps once of the best in Rochester by sheer quantity of options. The vibe was great and again, they had a diverse selection of drinks. I'm happy to be back sometime in the future to try the food as there's lots of vegetarian options. With that said, I really want to be giving this place a 1/5. Not sure why, but our service was awful and I'd like to think that wasn't the norm for this place. Our server seemed to be extremely annoyed when we said we wanted to order drinks first and we were still considering ordering food and wanted to hold onto a menu. Our server seemed visibly upset...and I don't think our request was outrageous or something! Just a heads up for anyone going there soon!"}, {"review_id": "jJEIa8aUYzq_q7Dtle803g", "user_id": "jEDfCTKBpj2B7jToki6k7Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/6/2018", "text": "I can always count on good, solid food and service at this place. They have a huge craft beer selection. I have been here a lot and have never been disappointed with their food. My absolute favorite thing to get is the poutine with mushroom gravy. They have different gravies to choose from for their poutine. The dining room is cozy and adorable. A must go!"}, {"review_id": "xz5eARFqo0e6ZjIUA6IkmQ", "user_id": "AfrXgPZfuELNQSprkesTxg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "This is one of my favorite places, the tap beer list is immense and the staff have no problem selecting great beers for you to try. The food is ok, it's been better, but still good for this type of place. Parking is ok, the goat mural is one of my favorite things in the south wedge!"}, {"review_id": "W3HPDy0ozjR6Zl3oDtdx_g", "user_id": "uRxKsCHsOk3QusODFkzNtg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "9/12/2017", "text": "Great place for beer selection. I stopped by on a hunch from a fellow employee. Place sits on a corner with outdoor seating. One issue is parking. It's a residential neighborhood. Inside the bar is a bit small but seating area is large. Food was pub food. I ordered the Caesar salad large and it was a very generous size along with the Beef Tacos. The tacos were very spicy. So much so that I really didn't taste the beef or anything else including the beer I was so enjoying prior to taking my first bite. I would be back with some coworkers to enjoy the great beer selection."}, {"review_id": "TbINDGs3gjkfDR_QW1x8tQ", "user_id": "K1rq2vtUmwxs8GWZPF8XeA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/7/2017", "text": "We like the menu here but we had avoided this place for dinner since it always seemed too crowded and hard to get a table. They only take reservations for six or more.  We stopped with friends last Friday around 6:30pm and were surprised to see three open booths.  So no wait!Obviously their beer menu is extensive but it was the food I was interested in.  I was tempted to have some poutine but passed as I did with the giant pretzels.  I ordered the southern fried chicken sandwich and it was very good.  I was worried the chicken would be dry but it was not nor was the roll it was served on.  The fries were good but too limp for my taste (unless covered in cheese curds and gravy).  The smoked salmon BLT was a big hit.  The Sheppard's pie was deemed delicious as was their fish fry. Overall a big thumbs up on the food!It was busy so it did take some time to get our food but that was the only downside.  Our waitress did a fine job.  For those of us starting to get like our parents... the dining room was not as loud as the bar side so it made conversations a bit easier."}, {"review_id": "1_kI5vtHyms76ZlbSpbktQ", "user_id": "Ba9PhDcNT0gCvsn64HnBuw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/4/2018", "text": "This is a nice American place. Sometimes you just that juicy burger and beer. It's in a residential neighbourhood. So parking might be an issue. But since we were here in a Sunday afternoon, it was not bad at all. Their fried chicken sandwich was great. Juicy and tasty. They have wide selection of beer and ciders. Fried plantains Cole's were fun appetiser. If you are looking for a quick American bite, it's a good place."}, {"review_id": "ux32FFefhHanlR0TxEQkoQ", "user_id": "b0Yh1g8U3-aX-kzqxzlEwQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/17/2017", "text": "This place was a bit confusing depending on what door you came into. There are about 4 different entrances and if you are looking to sit in the dining area, you might confuse yourself walking into the bar. The hostess stand isn't really noticeable so we had to walk inside and look for a server to seat us, we weren't sure if we could just seat ourselves or not. So it's a bit of poor planning on so many different levels.In the wintertime, don't sit by the doors or windows, it's SO cold. We asked to move to a booth away from the door so it wouldn't be as cold. I mean the dining area isn't huge so you will get a breeze anywhere you sit. The food, it was on point. I wish we had room for poutine but we just couldn't bear it. I love that there are vegetarian and vegan options, even for the poutine! We ordered the tomato basil soup and bread with butter as a starter. Woah, that bread was awesome. SO good and soft. I ordered the vegetarian Tempeh Reuben and I'm not normally a sandwich person but it was on point. I would definitely order that again. My other half ordered a burger and fries. We both loved our food, we definitely enjoyed it.So why the 3 stars? Our waitress wasn't that great. I like to rate on overall service, food, atmosphere and she brought it down for us. She was barely paying attention to us. She would drop off stuff and ask how it was as she walked away, but the table across from us? She chatted and was super friendly. Us on the other hand, she could care less. I was not impressed. For the food, 4-stars. I think this would be a lot of fun at the bar area and maybe next time we'll get a better server."}, {"review_id": "k-Xf4aB2cdmFmZolBV8sjQ", "user_id": "SyEkn6txmX40l5a3upYaGw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/12/2018", "text": "Very good lunch here today! Had the beef and cheddar sandwich, very tasty with brussel sprouts, outstanding! The craft beer selection is extensive. Had a 5th Frame DIPA, nice finish."}, {"review_id": "cuMSxpoQHfMu697k99Js9A", "user_id": "P-wBhAvMlEuc01zXAQePPQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/14/2018", "text": "I've only been here one time and other than the price being a little on the higher end it was a good experience. The name is a little misleading - the beer selection was OK. Not bad but not as great as I was expecting. Would go back."}, {"review_id": "kIHICIMmUi2e4EM9PY2TJg", "user_id": "_bfaIThQUeUbxWjl8t7OVw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/4/2017", "text": "Tap and Mallet is a cool intimate bar with beers on tap for every pallet, but the main thing I want to talk about is the food. The food was incredible: we ordered the Chicken Sandwich and the Tempe Ruben. My gf is a vegetarian and was really excited to be able to order a Ruben sandwich. Lots of fermented sides: sauerkraut, pickled vegetables and pickles. The chicken sandwich was the perfect balance of breaded outside and tender meat inside. I wish I could give this place 5-stars, because the food definitely deserved it, but the wait that we had really was unfortunate. We ordered at 2:45 on an Saturday, not prime lunch time, and waited until 3:35 for the food. Three of the six of or dishes were salads, so we really didn't understand what caused the wait. Other than the wait, definitely would visit again next time we're in Rochester!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/tap-and-mallet-rochester?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]