[[{"review_id": "k3AMWCqsR6to_hjrR1z_Bw", "user_id": "zDaTJ0wc3L_8LmogvICk4Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "We love it here! First of all, black rice is delicious. It is nutty and mild and beautiful! It is always sticky and delightful here. We are vegan, and they have a huge selection for us. My favorite is the Garden Mango Sun Roll, it is so so so good. My friend always gets the sweet potato rolls, which are also delicious. I love the avocado rolls as well. The ginger salad is super weird, its a vinaigrette dressing and its full of these crunchy little things, its just super weird. But the mango salad, on the menu its marked as famous or whatever, is a must get. It's basically a deconstructed sushi bowl. We get it to share because it is big.I will say that the service is kind of slow and a bit...odd. The timing that they bring things is always strange. They bring everything kind of out of order. Like they bring your sushi and then your salad, or everything at once, or your appetizer last, it's just weird. I want my drinks first, because I am sitting here with nothing, then soup or salad or appetizer whenever they are ready because that is presumably the quickest to make, then sushi and/or meal. I thought that is standard but I would never request it or look picky/demanding so I just endure the strange order I must eat my food in, LOL. It takes drinks a long time to come usually. The food keeps me coming back, and the servers are always very kind. It's all good."}, {"review_id": "2aAF4Alk1X-RObPpQBR6Zw", "user_id": "mROcQ6XTlDx6o0tI_QUjZg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "My husband and I went here for our anniversary and couldn't have been happier! We wanted someplace reasonably priced with a wide array of interesting foods - we were not disappointed! We had a TON (don't judge) - the Fish Rangoon Roll (TO DIE FOR ), Steamed Dumplings, Tiger Sun Roll, Crispy Red Snapper, and Seafood Medley Pad Thai. It was easily the best Pad Thai I've ever had! One thing I absolutely loved, specifically because of the location, it was SO great that they have their own parking lot. It made it so much easier to not have to worry about finding parking. We will be going back there more often."}, {"review_id": "O9nHxkwjGx87v7MMZCsZtg", "user_id": "Rv88O1lGun9J3HcLxyHLqw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "After spending months in Buffalo hearing about this spot, we finally made it. Located about 15 minutes from downtown, it is a nice stand alone restaurant with large tables that can accommodate a large group. For appetizers we order the coconut chicken soup to share (size large feeds three people easily as an appetizer!) and a grilled shrimp black rice roll. Bother we're extremely flavorful and unlike foods I'd had before. For dinner we shared the Burmese chicken curry and a wide Burmese noodle dish. Again bother we're amazing with a balance of flavors and spices. Our waited warned us of the spice level on everything and was very attentive. Overall we had a positive experience here that I would recommend to anyone!If you haven't had Burmese food and are wondering if you would like, I would think about if you like Thai or Indian food. If you do you will love this!!"}, {"review_id": "mmlEGYMhLCbBp6cbYTk48Q", "user_id": "O0vmEzPFUjGRZJ3TRnNmYA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/26/2018", "text": "Sun cuisine was great! I got Vietnamese Pho!!! It was super good it even came out in a clay pot. ALSO! The avocado shake was fire which is a must have when you have PHO! Guys you should all get here and get some Pho!"}, {"review_id": "gu-ppVFL2BSv5XplP526EQ", "user_id": "LU322e1MdWbyi0xTlqc4xA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/23/2018", "text": "Disclaimer: I did not have Sun Cuisines at their location on Niagara St., but rather at their satellite location in the Expo Market. At the Expo Market location, you get rolls BOGO 50% off, which is fantastic. The rolls are delicious, utilizing black rice which is unique. I had a sweet potato roll and a California roll. These were off of the less expensive menu. They do have more premiere rolls that are also still BOGO 50% off, just at a higher price point. I also had an order of chicken dumplings. Amazing! They were soft and chewy on the outside, and the filling was delicious shredded chicken and scallions. Staff was nice and accommodating. I'm looking forward to a trip to their full-service restaurant."}, {"review_id": "Kx7kmLkXgLPhPGdzjOjjjQ", "user_id": "pwxk1Vc4W522ZoRa1Nc14A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/3/2017", "text": "The food was authentic and delicious. Upon pulling up - I will be honest I may have judged the book by its cover a little bit. I would have missed out big time. Inside is very pretty, food was delicious, very authentic. I am super picky with my thai and if did not disapoint one bit for myself or my boyfriend. We can not wait to come back! We could not believe how popular thwy were with the delivery services either. I can see why. Yum yum. I already have my next dish picked out."}, {"review_id": "pW2ddri7XA5OgNKFO2IIKw", "user_id": "MhYMa5fv6RoeWV6gvvHZSQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/25/2017", "text": "Yet another Buffalo gem!!I finally made my way here. I have been to their location in Expo and have had their food at various events, but never been to the actual restaurant. We went on lunch the one day. This is a perfect lunch place!It was quiet and peaceful in there, really very enjoyable. We ordered one California roll and one mango roll. They both are great! The black rice is a super unique aspect too. The sushi is all fresh and hand rolled. They served us soup (it was included with lunch). The soup was called tom yum soup. It was a little spicy, but super flavorful. I wasn't sure if I would really like it, but it really hit the spot!  A great soup if you are feeling a little under the weather. I am really glad we got that soup. We also ordered fried spring rolls, which again are just phenomenal. Homemade is always a million times better. The dipping sauces they give you are perfect too. The service was great. They were out to please and were very friend and genuine. I recommend that everyone comes here, whether dinner or lunch. The lunch menu is great, but I am sure dinner would be just as good!"}, {"review_id": "T4k0yMavsWsMXWZwkV86lw", "user_id": "oVoucnaIIcg42Z28oOGgYA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/15/2018", "text": "LOVE the speciality sushi, integrated menu, pricing, selection, and service! I have never had \"black\" sushi until this place and now, I don't know if I can go back!!! In my opinion, the texture is better than regular \"white\" sushi. Their thai iced tea is not too sweet and the right amount of milk. My fav is their mango and garden roll. (Have a deal if you want to get both for $10.50) It has chili sauce which adds little more character to the basic veggie sushi you can find anywhere. Wide variety of thai dishes and alcohol selection from saki, wine and beer.Also, a cute little gem for social events and for date night!"}, {"review_id": "exHMRXydK2AC8GbYgOGvbQ", "user_id": "xZ5jbKLv-0a7WzH9MA0SZg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/6/2018", "text": "What a treat- truly different asian cuisine here, with black rice sushi!!!  The items on the menu are familiar but have a twist, so you can get familiar kinds of dishes but wth a new take or a different or unexpected ingredient or presentation.   The quality of the food was top notch, and the service was just as good.  I was there for a late lunch with a friend, and it was not incredibly busy so we have a nice quiet meal, and were able to take our time and enjoy everything we (over)ordered!  This was one of my favorite sushi experiences in Buffalo, and I can't wait to go back."}, {"review_id": "8ntJuZcypwcGUgG0LhvbyQ", "user_id": "Ta8vU1VCejBxxgo2cfokYQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/8/2017", "text": "There's a lot of excellent sushi places in WNY but I believe Sun Cuisines is the only one with black rice, which is heartier and healthier than white or even brown rice. I'm a big fan of their Philadelphia rolls. You have a choice between raw or grilled salmon (not smoked) or crab sticks with avocado and cream cheese. I recommend the raw salmon over the grilled.They have a variety of plum wines by the bottle, or you can get a 5 ox glass of Kobai plum wine. It's sweet with a hint of spice (not spice as in heat, just, well, spice.) They also have a lot of local beers. For example, they have my beloved Jelly Donut from New York Brew Pub.The space is very attractive and distinctive. I love the art on the walls.Service is excellent.One of these days I'll have to try one of their Burmese dishes."}, {"review_id": "nkkSpGczs1lhMh82CpIZfg", "user_id": "5a90i_AVCq5DxOxpp3QVCw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "11/30/2017", "text": "Something must be off with me and my taste buds if everyone is giving Sun Cuisines a 5 star. I'm only reviewing based on the dishes we ordered, the flat Burmese noodles, curry noodles, coconut shrimp and black rice salmon roll. Flat Burmese Noodles : my favorite dish of the night. I got it with beef and I had no complaints here. Curry Noodles: this was a miss. When we received our dish, it was warm, almost turning cold. The taste was interesting. We tasted sweet, salty and zesty flavors but the temperature of the food is what really made this unenjoyable. Coconut Shrimp: crispy fried chicken battered with coconut. The sauce they gave was unpleasant and overly sweet, as if you're dipping the shrimp into a sugary concoction, thus, ruining the flavor. Roll: this was very good. My partner and I thoroughly enjoyed this roll because of the black rice and how the avocado and the cooked salmon mixed together. I have been here before and have had other dishes but I wanted to give it one last try. Maybe I ordered the wrong dishes? Who knows. But maybe I'll be back, but for now, probably not. There was absolutely no problem with the service by the way."}, {"review_id": "WKbyKGdWc-GcKaIHPu_Tog", "user_id": "lOJ1l2ZiGDYajw5FqjbeQw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/11/2018", "text": "We have eaten her three or four times now and have never had a bad meal! The spicy chicken is my favorite and there's honestly enough for two whole meals! We also got the black rice sweet potato roll which was delicious! Highly recommend."}, {"review_id": "x3vVad_3zhlfJjhs7nSPhA", "user_id": "eYaZ4dvC1pmA-LKut7atgQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/19/2017", "text": "I am obsessed with the sun. They have Thai, Japanese, and Burmese food and it is all SO GOOD. The black rice sushi is also delicious (and so pretty)!! My favorite things to order are the spider roll, spicy salmon roll, and the Thai red curry chicken. The Thai iced coffee is also really good. I have tried a lot off their menu and have never been disappointed. Last night I tried their spicy miso ramen and green tea ice cream - both were very tasty. Would absolutely recommend!"}, {"review_id": "kKSQpV5KpVDeX-uLSBbzvA", "user_id": "Aj6yxcGvQMle7yWwJtkSXQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/17/2017", "text": "We were told that this small restaurant apparently has the best Pad Thai in Buffalo! So we had high expectations about this Pad Thai.  So is it the best? Impossible to say because once we saw the menu and downed a flight of saki, we decided to try something different!  The mix of Thai, Burmese and Asian Fusion dishes they offer is staggering, and the smells are heavenly.  More than the saki, I think this is more likely why we deviated from our original plan to go for the Pad Thai.Food Summary:Soft Shell Crab - battered and fried over bed of mango cabbage.  Great appetizer --- very flavorful particularly the dipping sauce.Beef Curry (Amare Thar Hin) - Rice dish of Burmese curry mixed with star anise, beef, ginger, garlic, onion and chili.  Taste was nice and spicy, refined with lots of layers of flavor.  The beef for this dish is listed as \"tender lean beef ribeye\".  We didn't particularly like the beef chunks because we found them to be hard and chewy... certainly not our expectation of ribeye.  We enjoyed the flavors of the dish, but not the beef itself.Seafood in Claypot - Asian fusion dish with shrimp, squid, and scallops with bean noodles.  This was like a an Asian spicy soup bowl of Zuppa di Pesce Fra Diavolo.  Excellent --- they even surprised by adding in a few mussels.  Would order this every day of the weekWe simply love Thai food, but both had to deviate and delve into the Burmese and Asian Fusion selections.  We're glad we did... and will definitely return because we still have to try that Pad Thai!"}, {"review_id": "qOOH4JcQdgepr234CKaDdw", "user_id": "cM0nU9_fsv0CNiCc2txhqA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/18/2018", "text": "Really great food. Also very fast service.We got the Tea Leaf Salad, Beef Curry and Coconut Shrimp. The tea leaf salad was a bit stronger than I was used to but still really good. I loved the coconut shrimp. The beef curry was quite spicy and big portion. I would have liked the beef to be a bit more tender/juicey.Overall really great spot for your Burmese/Thai needs :)"}, {"review_id": "HKQkIxTxy5mkees7LxDa6w", "user_id": "m847xNzqyjAEouSRFXVONQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/6/2018", "text": "Everything we had was delicious, even the edamame appetizer! The interior is really warm and cozy. I've loved every sushi roll I've tried from here (and the Expo Market & Williamsville locations). The Williamsville location does have a nicer, more modern feel to the dining room, though. But the Black Rock location is more intimate. Definitely would recommend! You get a lot for your money - I can almost never finish everything I order."}, {"review_id": "c-nIv7lT8aKDKdFuIqq9WA", "user_id": "X0ThBT2nXkeEFzd7RSuy6Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/10/2017", "text": "Me and my boyfriend came here to get lunch on our way back to Pittsburgh from Niagara Falls. The rating is great on yelp so we thought we'd give it a try. The food was delicious, we got their Burmese food, I don't remember what my boyfriend got. I ordered the Burmese flat wide noodles with chicken. It was soooo good!! I finished the plate probably within five minutes. I wish we would of ordered their black rice sushi just because I've never seen it anywhere. I love black rice and it sounds delicious, but at the time we were craving for noodles. The service was very good, the waitress refilled our water very quickly. Since we were about to go on a road trip, the waitress refilled our water bottle for us with iced cold water. The price is very reasonable as well, it's worth the quality of food you get. Normally you can get Burmese and Thai food for cheap in Pittsburgh, but the whole atmosphere this place gives you and the quality of food make everything worth it. I highly recommended it!!"}, {"review_id": "SnJDO9LL1BwZ-HKtjIKVsQ", "user_id": "PtV45pQ1JpGVp6EeGyqS3g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/26/2017", "text": "I was very happy with my dinner at Sun Cuisines.  It's such a low-key and relaxing atmosphere with delicious and authentic food!  Sun specializes in Burmese dishes, but they also have some great Thai options.  I had trouble narrowing down my choices because everything on that extensive menu sounded really good!My friends and I split the following items:-Fish Rangoons: Salmon & Cream Cheese fried egg rolls- absolutely delicious and unlike anything I've seen on any other menu.  I would definitely recommend ordering these as an appetizer!-Chicken Dumplings: My least favorite dish we ordered.  The taste was just a tad off for me.  I wouldn't order these again.  I would replace the dumplings with the Burmese Ravioli appetizer next time.-Tunacado Sushi Roll: Made with black rice, avocado & seared tuna.  It was fantastic!  The black forbidden rice is such a nice touch that makes their sushi very memorable!-Tiger Sushi Roll: Also made with black rice.  This one was also good, but I liked the Tunacado better!  -Burmese Fried Rice with Chicken: Absolutely delicious!  A lot of times, I feel nearly dehydrated after ordering fried rice because the restaurants WAY overdo it with the salt.  That was not the case at Sun.  The rice tasted light and fresh.  I loved it!-Mango Black Rice Dessert:  Who knew that Black Rice could also serve as a dessert?  The black rice was served over a sweet, thick coconut sauce with sliced mango and strawberries.  It was VERY different, but I liked it!I am extremely eager to return to Sun and try more dishes.  My first impression did not disappoint."}, {"review_id": "Ey0R584buXkZ-ZY5LIli2Q", "user_id": "gyVGewSugCFTDxXQ-cIERg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/3/2017", "text": "I liked this place a lot. A friend recommended it and I'd driven by it several times so I thought what the heck. We started with the fried dumplings (vegetable) which were delish. For our entrees my daughter got the Sun's Eggplant Dish and I ordered Chicken Curry. They were fabulous :)Highly recommend"}, {"review_id": "s4e-LrrylI9Adayj9-pqQg", "user_id": "TvIykBCHdGmIR6gN2FWz-A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "8/26/2017", "text": "Came here with my friends because I was craving their deep fried whole fish. All of my friends ordered the Burmese version of Pad Thai (I forgot what it's called) and they said it tasted pretty good. My fish, however, was way better than their Burmese version of Pad Thai. It was crispy, not over cooked, and not greasy. We also ordered an appetizer platter to share, it was delicious. The only reason I am giving them a 4 stars instead of 5 is because the server brought us the check before we finished eating and I think that was rude."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/sun-cuisines-buffalo?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]