[[{"review_id": "7kPebbs3pe3xudpIxIyv9A", "user_id": "Zk0-wvM40P8F7tSah2v61w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "My favorite steakhouse so far. They are not the best when it comes to customer service: calls are not answered, whoever does answer is pretty snobby, staff in the restaurant has the \"idgaf\" attitude lol. But the steak is so worth putting up with that! I don't normally eat steak or beef under medium well or well done (gasp I know), but when I come here I don't mind going under medium because their steak is so tender and flavorful. Depending on your appetite, you really don't need to order much. We usually get the steak, creamed spinach and German fried potatoes. Their sides are around $12 regardless if you order cream spinach or steamed broccoli. Some items on their menu is just not worth it: for example their $12 tomato salad. Instead, spend your money wisely and get a bottle of wine. We got a bottle of Malbec which was decent price $65. Definitely get a reservation, probably a month in advance, during holidays call two months to be sure. Sometimes you can get lucky and get a reservation right away. When you do come, expect to spend about $150pp but you can definitely get a dinner for less. Worth every penny!"}, {"review_id": "xQQ2oELLNL63FE9dnk32JA", "user_id": "qeZHItma2m0F2FW_MMJcvQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "I finally made it to the famous peter lugers.  All my steak lovers rave about this place.  I went with experience leuger eaters.  I was surprised that they had hambergurs as an appetizer.  The hamburgers were simple but surprising good.  It had raw onions and American cheese.  They also order thick bacon.  Which was a little salty but good.For the main entree we share a 3 \"doubles\" plate of steak.  It was decent but with all the hype of the steak it was below my expectation.My bench mark is Arthur's in Morris plains.  It is not clearly a lot better.  One nice touch that Arthur's does is automatically give a nice big pile of pickles.  The pickles in Arthur's in my fiber for the meal.  Arthur's is reasonably price and a lot easier for me to get to.  So if I am in the mood for streak my first choice will be Arthur's over peter leugers.I do admit the the service at peter lugers was excellent.This is why I give peter leugers a 3 instead of a 5."}, {"review_id": "7vexIUYL7e2Z-Afc-aexBQ", "user_id": "mdgJ21WscxAG2eGpgVtL4Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "Are there enough words to put together to describe how exquisite and AMAZING this place is...? I think not. Before even coming to the restaurant, I had such high hopes... THEY WERE ALL MET! Everything I had hoped for was real. Sounds silly, but this is my favorite experience.THE HIGHLIGHT OF MY NEW YORK TRIP! I'll say it a million times. You definitely need a reservation to start off. They do not take credit cards so come prepared.  A lot of good things have been said about Peter Luger and I am here to say that you should believe them all. The holy grail of all steaks I've ever had ( and I'm a steak snob). Make sure you try their famous bacon strips because they live up to the standard, oh my goodness they were so good!The steak was like family style. We were a party of 6 and so we all shared and it was plenty!! Easy to chew, awesome flavor, quality steak for sure. Be sure to not overstuff yourself with the amazing bread basket they compliment you with. Sounds hard to have just a few bites, but trust me you want to save room for the holy grail. We had the most fantastic service and our server was intelligent, knew exactly what we wanted, and efficient to every point. Overall, just wow! Go here you will not be disappointed."}, {"review_id": "utPEaJvHOecE7VB8tllPNw", "user_id": "HQ1kFlb7JO8nr-LZwbfEdA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "Had you told me that there was a restaurant that served only 1 main course, had notoriously brusque waiters, didn't take credit cards, took an eternity to honor reservations (unless you slipped the maitre d' a $20), tried turning your table out the door in under an hour, and paid a few hundred dollars for the \"privilege\", I would have assumed that you had the worst dining experience in the history of modern cuisine. However if you followed up that description with the fact that this all happened in the pursuit of a Peter Luger's steak - well, let's just say my assumption would make an immediate 180. While Peter Luger does have all those idiosyncrasies, they are all deservedly forgotten as soon as the porterhouse comes sizzling to the table. Half filet mignon, half strip steak, all delicious - each piece cuts like butter and almost dissolves in your mouth, leaving an amazing taste. Although some chefs might blanche at dipping their steaks in steak sauce (or worse ketchup), here a gravy boat of their secret sauce - part tomato, part magic, all delicious. One small issue comes with the ordering - rather than offering different types of steaks and weights, you are presented with a choice of how many people the steak should feed. Generally, you can get away with choosing a number one or two less than the total number of diners (for our party of 5, we picked a steak for 3 and left the restaurant with leftovers)While the steaks are the main event, many of the openers of the show are also incredible. One popular standby is the bacon, thick slabs of heavenly pork, making breakfast bacon look like JV in comparison. For those not looking to have clogged arteries after a bite, the raw tomatoes and onions are a refreshing change of pace"}, {"review_id": "3Sp0c7UiY6bE5TtF3qIwfQ", "user_id": "JChx-48PcGZjD1OE7O69VQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "Came here with a reservation for four people. Would definitely recommend making a reservation because some people came without one and they had to wait in line for a while or sit at the counter.Really great interior -- definitely feels like a steakhouse. You could just feel the history of the steakhouse just by sitting inside. Wonderful staff, very attentive and were so great to talk to!Because we were a group of four people, we got the steak for four. We also got the bacon, cheesecake, and schlag. First though, I have to say the complimentary bread was wonderful. Had to stop myself from eating too much bread so I could save some room for steak. The bacon was great, definitely recommend getting it. Probably liked it better than the steak. I've eaten a lot of steaks in my life, but this was definitely top notch. Wonderful, easy to chew, great flavor -- wow, now I know what quality steak is like but I am sad because I can't eat like this all the time. Cheesecake was also wonderful and the schlag was interesting. Didn't really touch it because I didn't want that much whipped cream, but was really funny to see how they just serve you a bowl of it.Anyway, definitely a wonderful experience!Note: Cash or debit!"}, {"review_id": "BuXGuRGBe2K5alyiNmkdlQ", "user_id": "vf09i6qL5BmSaCUZ2cwHHQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "I'm a steak snob. My fiancé can make a porterhouse that rivals the best Manhattan steakhouses. I've heard all the hype about Lugers and after dining at their establishment I can say: the hype is real. Lugers has a parking lot catty corner from the restaurant with an attendant. They don't take reservations, so slipping the host some cash is advantageous. At 4:30 on a Saturday afternoon, we were seated within fifteen minutes. You receive onion rolls and bread upon arriving at the table. The onion rolls are something special. We ordered the tomato onion salad, three pieces of bacon, and shrimp cocktail to start. The tomato onion salad is special with the Lugers special sauce. While I didn't indulge in the bacon, the table had rave reviews. Shrimp cocktail was outstanding. The cocktail sauce it was served with was very close to the Lugers special sauce in terms of taste and consistency.We ordered a steak for two medium rare and a steak for two rare. Both were totally on point. Eat the steak and drag it through the au jus. You won't be disappointed. Get the German potatoes. They're crispy and provide great texture to the meal. The creamed spinach is not your traditional creamy creamed spinach, but does the trick. The onion rings are reminiscent of an onion flower in terms of batter and onion-piece size. I requested a cappuccino; apparently, Lugers lacks an espresso machine. They brought me a \"schlog-uccino,\" which was coffee that you can spike with a spoon of schlog. With that, they provided an entire bowl of schlog. While I've heard that service can be abrupt, we had the most fantastic servers. They were attentive, they were fun, and we couldn't have been happier with our experience. I can't wait to return."}, {"review_id": "Vx46WDlhHm_fqRAM4xlx0g", "user_id": "dTeudRt-2Acd3A7WrqlDqg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "I have been to steakhouses all over, and this place is still number one in my book. The steak is out of this world. Unfortunately, they are not keeping up with the times and their appetizers are really nothing to be desired. The mozzarella with tomatoes, the large shrimp cocktail. All is delicious, but something additional is needed. The German potatoes are really not German but burnt potatoes that are often inedible. Took my family here earlier and they couldn't eat them. The French fries however is out if this world. I suggest a steak for two with shrimp cocktail and the french fries. The apple struddle for dessert is a must. Also, they make good solid drinks. Listen, if you are interested in amazing steak, this is the place to go. You won't have fancy appetizers, but your belly will be full with amazing meat that is difficult to match."}, {"review_id": "6stYk8aZ9spPxsTqtufhVA", "user_id": "B_0zbRNyCT5dBuudxVpUmQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/16/2018", "text": "I had such high expectations for Peter Luger. I really, really wanted to like it. However, these expectations were not met... We made a reservation 2 weeks in advance, but there was still an hour long wait. I was slightly peeved, but assumed that the food would be worth it. The steak here is okay. Maybe I'm just a snob, but for the price, I expected it to blow my mind. It just seemed like steak that I could grill at home. We ordered a side of broccoli and it was nothing special. Just steamed broccoli. We ended up having a lot of leftovers and we were struggling to eat more than 4 pieces each person. Don't think I'd come back. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't all that great. It was just steak."}, {"review_id": "raCZzmYCk3Hm6cQ3exLTow", "user_id": "eY6TPklHTeOaQt9F8a_SGQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/10/2018", "text": "[Intro Disclaimer: As a Toronto foodie, I ventured out to New York for the first time in my life with high expectations and a fully planned itinerary dedicated towards trying all the best foods in New York City!]Was this the best steak I've ever had? Undoubtedly, yes. And clearly, I'm not the only one who thinks so considering how adorned this restaurant is with Michelin Stars and Zagat awards. My boyfriend and I ordered the Steak for Two as well as one slice of bacon and we were both so impressed by the quality of both dishes. Succulent, fatty, juicy, and tender meat, we ordered our steak medium-rare and it was the perfect texture. The steak was so photogenic and our waiter was very nice in helping us to capture the best photo. Side note: Not sure if it was intended but my boyfriend and I found it amusing when we noticed that we were seated on the one side of the restaurant that was purely Asian (like actually, 6/6 of the seated tables were comprised of fully East Asian customers). Did we get seated in the \"tourist-only\" area? We will never find out."}, {"review_id": "ZqKx3cFn2cJnKRKcoz1kaw", "user_id": "9G8EyOAEv5mfSOdsbrIF7A", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/1/2018", "text": "tl;dr: 3.5 stars. Keens is better.Don't get me wrong, the steak here was pretty good, but I just prefered the refinement of Keens' porterhouse. I ordered the porterhouse, medium rare in both restaurants (when you order the steak for 2 at Peter Luger, you get a porterhouse), and while chewing on my Peter Luger steak, I thought to myself... Keens' steak was more melty, a little more rare (especially around the bone), there was crunchy little sea salt flakes on it, perfectly seasoned and needed no steak sauce...And Peter Luger's steak came chopped up for you (which I personally felt detracted from my experience), and there was a thicker border of well-cooked meat compared to Keens. Also, maybe I just have a huge appetite, but I felt like the steak for 2 at Peter Luger wasn't particularly filling. I think I was expecting to be stuffed, especially with all the bread I consumed, but nope. Peter Luger does offer a variety of different breads to start - a dinner roll, a garlic roll, and an onion one. They were alright, nothing to shout about. They also finish off the meal by giving you two milk chocolate coins.Personally, I didn't regret this meal, but I wouldn't come back here again. Whereas for Keens, I am already thinking about when I can head there next."}, {"review_id": "McX-Rx3BS0NSRQ-VcdAsUQ", "user_id": "Itzy1C-zulmAH0lPKpmZzA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/29/2018", "text": "Visiting my NYC friends so I had to try Peter Luger's ... old school NY steak house.Get there early, the line starts fast!  Tried the famous bacon, oh my sooo good, I think I would be happy eating 5 of these suckers!  A little palette cleanser with the sliced Tomatoes (ehhhh what a rip off, glad we were splitting it).  Then the steak, we got smart and ordered 2 steak for 2 since it was a party of 5.  Just the perfect amount.  Normally I like my steak medium rare plus but medium rare was just fine here.Overall a great dining experience and I'm thankful my city friends took me.Luger's sauce, man it's an interesting mix.  At first I thought it was shrimp cocktail sauce :)"}, {"review_id": "T77MZoOYW4629fobubgUuw", "user_id": "YDes3PJMBnNQvEY425I9LQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "Everyone should already know about the steaks, hands down you're getting a great steak period when you order one.  I'm a fan of the burger for lunch.  WOW......definitely a home run....."}, {"review_id": "pB6M0mPDhpdZPre7jwq3tQ", "user_id": "0NP4Iu3a5Mt3Tg9z1MTBxA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "Peter Luger the original icon of steak. It's the reason you could never ever be a vegetarian. What a blast we had tonight! No guys allowed tonight, just 4 of my New Jersey cousins and I! Arrived early and checked in with Tom. Noticed that quite a few walk ins with no reservations were turned away.  Started chatting with several people at the bar (who said New Yorkers are rude!) and started up a conversation with a man I thought was another patron waiting for a table. Turned out his name was Bud. Note that you must be nice to Tom and Bud--they will make sure you get a good table. Two of the nicest guys! My party arrived and off we went to a corner table by the window with privacy and space! (Told you be nice to Bud and Tom!) easy to do!What can I say but that the food was great! Crispy fresh, not soggy! Caesar salad seasoned just right, fatty, crispy bacon ohhhhhh.  Followed by two lovingly prepared bone in rib eye steaks on hot sizzling butter platters and four meaty lamb chops. German potatoes and creamed spinach on the side followed by key lime pie served with a mountain of fresh whipped Creme.  We loved everything. Bud came by several times to make sure we were happy and Shabo our waiter was excellent. Professional, attentive and friendly. You know people say New Yorkers are rude, they say the same thing about Parisians.  Simply not true. . They are friendly, helpful, upbeat and fun.  Evening to remember with a big smile of pleasure."}, {"review_id": "HLpQT2HIgvznFXzUvN78_g", "user_id": "x1paA3aUHJTurbtFkBSOGg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/8/2018", "text": "One of my favorite steakhouses. Every time I visit, I make it a point to go. Call and make reservations in advance. This past time, I decided to late and got a pretty late time and we were the last ones to leave. Very old school feel to the place and you know it has been around for a long time. The servers are always friendly and the food never disappoints. I love the crust on the outer part of the steak and the thick cut bacon. Sides were okay, but needed with the meal in my opinion. Side note: Cash or Debit ONLY."}, {"review_id": "72GWDP30w37dHRnGMMLidA", "user_id": "eAw1TQ-FCrPmlgYYkG-ahg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/2/2018", "text": "THE BEST STEAK I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE.Period. Getting was annoying, even a month in advance. The wait was long even when we got there. However, IDK because of the food people... ahhhhhhh!The bacon was the most glorious thing I've had, the cream of spinach was divine, the steak was godly, and the sundae.... oh man, I could eat a whole bowl of just the whipped cream, but everything together was amazing. Highly recommend this for a special event!"}, {"review_id": "3g41G_49HAdO0n3oAm_KQQ", "user_id": "1jI-NB71H-JyetTWk8oKGA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/27/2018", "text": "This is a quaint restaurant that offers a german infused ambiance. The dining area is very bright and the waiters are straight forward. Make reservations to save some time. We had reservations for 4 and didn't wait to be sorted once we got there.Don't order the tomate appetizer. It's literally 4 thick slices of tomato and 4 slices for onion on a plate. No dressing no salt. Not worth it. The bacon is different and worth trying. It's $6.50 a slice and it's more like a slice of pancetta. It's juicy and crispy at the same time. Worth trying. We order 2 steaks for 2 and it was plenty of meat. The steaks are perfectly cooked to your liking and still sizzling when they come out. The meat is so tender that melts in your mouth. It's definitely worth eating here although it's a little pricey."}, {"review_id": "hoy84Le2gJYKyed7lSvltw", "user_id": "762bWtmGR3A9t01BjjVeDQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/20/2018", "text": "Peter Lugar's steak burger is so infamous; I had to try it myself. Came here on a random Monday for lunch and it wasn't busy. The hostess and waiters were responsive, but not particularly pleasant.  The first thing that came out was the bread basket, which honestly is enough to make me go back again. All the different varieties of bread were warm and perfectly cooked. Then the steak sauce was brought out. It was fabulous. We ordered 2 steak burgers, with a side of bacon and fries. I had no idea the bacon would come out the way it did (a huge piece of well done goodness), but I was very pleased by it. The burgers were fabulous as the reviews ensure.  Was it the best burger I've had in my life? No, but it was up there. It's also kind of annoying they don't take credit cards and that if you pay with a debit card you have to go punch in your pin. It's a bit archaic for 2018. I want to come back and try their desserts due to my uncontrollable desire for sweets."}, {"review_id": "jxdEwLdTna7hsyEu1zLpJw", "user_id": "0dGzvPlPAcvBTBiHk8bAqA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/9/2018", "text": "Their porterhouse is really something you should have. The quality of meat and its preparation was perfect. It's a bit too crowded and you have to wait in a long line so first impression is not something you would look forward. The food was really good though and for that it's worth to wait."}, {"review_id": "taXBUcB9etnnQFJmObqWSQ", "user_id": "KJxxqYNI6VGD-qB0A3bp2Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/7/2018", "text": "Make sure to book well in advance for a reservation because you don't want to be stuck with a 4:45pm or 10pm slot. I booked about 2 weeks in advance and landed a 4:45pm and almost didn't make it because of Nor'easter. Smh. Broke another umbrella on the walk from the subway to the restaurant too! The lights also went out during our dinner due to the storm and didn't come on for quite some time.Steak was pretty phenomenal, but the service was meh so had to dock a star. We ordered the house Cabernet and a old fashioned. We got our steak medium rare and as you'll see from the pics, they got it right. I'm not sure if I'd say that this was the best steak I've ever had, but it def came close. Crispy and delicious on the outside and flavorful and tender on the inside. I didn't use the steak sauce as I usually don't add any extra sauce to any of my steaks, so I have no opinion about their in house sauce. We also got a side of spinach which was very creamy. And then we ended the night with their famous choco coins, which was a nice touch. I felt like our servers weren't very attentive to our table. I'm not sure if it's just the culture of NYC or if it's because I'm used to southern hospitality, but our waiter was quite short with his responses. I did like the ambiance of the entire place with the rustic decor. The waiters themselves were also v representative of NYC themselves with bow ties and heavy accents."}, {"review_id": "JpZrS5kF3qK7sMFiCq8WDQ", "user_id": "KXRtVrT2iwxPTJnFp5LSQw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/20/2018", "text": "// ServiceI had the day off (President's Day) so I decided to try Peter Luger's famous burger for lunch. They take their last burger orders at 3:45 and I called about 3pm to put in a takeout order. After 15 min of being on hold, I was told you have to put in takeout orders in person. I got to the restaurant at 3:30 and the girl there said they stop making burgers at 3:30pm. I knew she was 15 minutes off but she continued to feign ignorance because she didn't want to take my order. Luckily her manager was there and was very pleasant to me and told me burgers stop at 3:45 and he would send someone to take my order. The guy who took my order was also extremely pleasant and helpful and explained everything that was in my bag when he gave it to me. So overall, 2 of the 3 people I interacted with were absolutely wonderful, while 1 could be better at her job.// FoodOn to the food - absolutely amazing! I had a brisk walk home and had my first bite within 5 min of getting my burger. The burger comes with cheese and onion on top, highlighting the big beef patty. The patty is juicy, loosely packed and was perfectly cooked medium. You can really taste the quality in the beef - so flavorful! I also got bacon with mine. I've heard about the bacon here, and it lives up to its reputation - thick, great texture, salty, smoky, fatty but not too fatty - absolutely delicious! The fries that came with also tasted better than normal. I wonder what they fry it in. And the Peter Luger steak sauce that goes with it is amazing - an unexpected yet delightful amount of horseradish. I can't wait to come back to try the steaks!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/peter-luger-brooklyn-2?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]