[[{"review_id": "1RFVmHBaIBA5DiBwfXFTVw", "user_id": "VVxDe3-2NdjFPRj1z8Fpgg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "Romantic. Cute. Cozy. Delicious. Words to describe 300 East. Food: I tried the Farro Sauté with grilled shrimp - SUPER good. It was a relatively healthy dish but very flavorful and cooked to perfection. My bf had the Grilled Hanger Steak, which was also very flavorful. Fresh ingredients (you can tell as soon as you taste the food), well seasoned and prepared to perfection - that is how I'd describe the food. The wait for the food wasn't too bad either. They also have a good wine selection for all you wine lovers and connoisseurs. Service: Our waitress was sweet and knowledgeable. No complaints there. Also, a note on the prices - for the location and quality, this place is not overpriced. Ambiance: ROMANTIC! This place is intimate, has low lighting in the evenings and definitely appropriate for date night. The booths and tables are nice inside, and has outdoor seating as well. This building is over 100 years old, but still looks very nice. That being said, in my own opinion.... this place is not appropriate to bring the kids - its not loud at all in here. This restaurant is appropriate for date nights as I said before and during the day for work lunches as well. Overall, my experience was definitely enjoyable and I will be returning."}, {"review_id": "jXKDc9COxZxvbjZsFbKJWQ", "user_id": "wWYCtKRlXTIiDfUS006Buw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "Where is this restaurant? Duh, 300 East Blvd, 28203. It's only five minutes from downtown (\"uptown\") attractions like the Mint and Bechtler museums in the Dilworth section of Charlotte's historic South End. It is in a vintage home that has been converted into a small, charming ambiance. Patrons can dine outside, downstairs, or upstairs.What 300 East offers is an eclectic menu of new American cuisine. These somewhat unusual options are creatively prepared and simply delicious.We arrived Sunday evening about 530 pm and were seated upstairs. Shaine was our friendly and professional server.We learned that bottles of wine are 50% off on Sunday, so certainly took advantage of that with a bottle of Italian Pinot Grigio.We started with Crab Cake appetizer ($12.50) which was mostly crab with very little breading. Yummy.For entrées, we had a Cod special ($18) and NC Broiled Shrimp ($20). Both were delectable. Everything was quite fresh, nicely seasoned, and perfectly cooked. Although we were rather full, we managed to share a scrumptious piece of cheesecake for a great ending to a delightful dining experience.We are just visiting Charlotte for a few days. If you are a local reading this, you are fortunate to have a gem like 300 East in your town. Go!"}, {"review_id": "KFroMjbW85Sg1Z-ADpgb6A", "user_id": "3MRXxQRcAPHhRTNnV8HR_A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/18/2018", "text": "Hands down, the best French Onion Soup in Charlotte. I set out on a mission for the past 6 months to try the best FOS and I've finally hit the mark with this one. What separates it from the rest? Well, there are a few factors:1) Freshness of the Mozzarella2) Fluffiness of the Baguette 3) Softness of the Onion4) Flavorful taste w/o the overwhelming taste of salt.Needless to say, I will be back very soon for more."}, {"review_id": "5Rhsln4dOe8Fue9SFihXmg", "user_id": "r7RdCrF0SpzFoUWFb_8oyA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "Really cool house in Dilworth. The place is so romantic and still casual. I had the sweet potato ravioli and it was good! I loved sitting upstairs - it felt so cozy! Our server was great and quick. The desserts were incredible....I got the violet milk cake (I think that's what it was called...) and it was similar to a tres leches cake except it had more flair..it had a sorrel sorbet that was refreshing (see picture). I will definitely return soon!"}, {"review_id": "7rLUpm68i8lqXlJaGHZsHw", "user_id": "huUG47ciWyCYujKeP0fO-w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/1/2018", "text": "Great brunch spot!! Sat at the bar and had coffee and drinks while waiting which was very nice. Both bartender and our server were very nice and attentive. The menu is fantastic - lots of options with your standard brunch fair but also specials with a twist that bring in creative flavors. Had to wait a bit for food but was worth it as it was hot and freshly prepared. The atmosphere is as casual or nice as you want. Situated in an old home the decor makes you feel as if you're at a relatives for a big Sunday family brunch. Would definitely go back to try more menu it"}, {"review_id": "m5R7utb6OOOrPad5e4XCdQ", "user_id": "GGTF7hnQi6D5W77_qiKlqg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/21/2018", "text": "Great Eclectic Menu in a restored Dilworth HomeTalked my wife into driving into Charlotte after Church in Davidson for Sunday Brunch. One place I have been wanting to try for Brunch is 300 East which needless to say, is located at 300 East Blvd in the Dilworth Neighborhood. Dilworth was Charlotte first Suburban Neighborhood and dates back to the 1890's.They have done a beautiful job restoring and re purposing original structures in the area restoring many to private residences and others in professional offices.300 East is one of those structures.A word or warning and I know better. Irregardless of when you are going, make a reservation. They will not turn you away but it reduces your wait.  Did not occur to us to make a reservation before we left Davidson so when we checked in, were told it was going to be like 35 minutes.We chose to wait and it did not take 35 minutes till we had a table but folks with reservations generally were seated with almost no wait. Another thing, they have a policy of not seating patrons till all of the party is present.We had a nice table by the window. Our seats were probably the ministers and bishops seats in an old Church and made for a great seating.Menu is constantly changing so it is always fresh and new and I must admit, very creative.We started with water which is unusual for me but for some reason, I was very thirsty today. After that, my wife had a Bellini and I had a very nice rich and robust coffee.This restaurant is known for it's Soup. Soup of the day was Lamb Noodle but my wife went with the Standard French Onion SoupRather than entree, she ordered a Fall Salad which was full of berries and nuts characteristic of the fall all on a bed of Arugula and other mixed greens with a Balsamic DressingThe Frittata of the day was a lamb Frittata with Feta Cheese and other goodies. Not sure where the Citrus notes came from however.My wife then did something she does not normally do and ordered a slice of the Carrot Cheesecake to take home.The Brunch was a hit on all counts. French Onion Soup which is one of my wife's favorites was full and rich.  Salad was loaded with seasonal favorites and my Frittata was one of the best I have ever had although I must admit, I had never had one made with Lamb.Definitely someplace we will visit again although making reservations first.Service was outstanding and atmosphere was nice although a bit crowded and an above average noise level."}, {"review_id": "4sX9tcLKHu1YN1zlzW7epg", "user_id": "3xmYx2vCd34xSJwwsjr7ow", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "Went with 5 co workers Thursday night for dinner. Appetizers: spicy pimento cheese, sweet potato ravioli and crab cakesEntrees: 4 of us had the salmon, and 1 tried the shrimp gritsSalmon was excellent perfectly cooked and served with spinach and brown rice.Dessert: violet milk cake and peanut butter ice cream sandwich.  Both were excellent- must try!!Friendly waitress and prompt service!"}, {"review_id": "ZrcL2vtP7IhJcvFGc7fOSg", "user_id": "N9hqTPQu2bmI8c2Pj8F1ww", "rating": 3.0, "date": "1/8/2018", "text": "I needed a treat. So, I came here to try one thing, and one thing only. Brownie à la mode. If your New Year's resolution is to \"eat better,\" this brownie à la mode will make you put off your no-more-sweets diet for another day. It's worth the calories.Brownie à la mode is staple dessert at 300 East since 1986.Brownie à la mode was delicious, sweet and very rich in flavor. Brownie à la mode rock your world.Three and Half Yelps."}, {"review_id": "uPzumdee6bDFUkStX5KyAw", "user_id": "QLgFEumhrHq6LgbEOKCzdw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/2/2018", "text": "The French onion soup.That's what this review is for - because it's amazing. Seriously, please order this. The atmosphere of 300 East is cozy and romantic. The servers and staff have always been friendly to me and helpful. They do however, make you wait until your entire party is there to be seated. The lobby space is very small, so it makes waiting uncomfortable if you've come in more than one car. But once you are seated, it's beautiful, warm, welcoming. And the french onion soup is to die for. I'm so glad that I ordered it. It comes out in a crock with cheese everywhere. It's salty, and comforting and amazing. Our server was very helpful too. My mom ordered one of the drink specials on a whim and he offered to comp it if she didn't like it. So, in short, I will come back here time and time again for that soup. And I might branch off the menu too, the burgers are suppose to be good."}, {"review_id": "a-8Bvz5at5Q5B0Ki75QIxw", "user_id": "zyBwoFrZQq4Umo8DtkWj1Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "Probably the best pork tenderloin I've ever had. The honey glaze sauce they put on it was fire! Definitely try it out. I'll go to eat here again ever chance I get."}, {"review_id": "uq37_sbaGuMhsaZh-gSXBQ", "user_id": "5OseeYdcfuvYGyyjZamXDA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/23/2018", "text": "I have eaten at this restaurant for many years but I hadn't eaten there in a while.  I went at the busiest time possible- noon.  The place was crowded and there was a very short wait.  We were seated within five minutes.  Our server was at our table immediately to take our drink orders and tell us about the daily special.  She was very friendly and knew her menu.  I wound up ordering the avocado BLT with a special Greek tomato soup.  It was great.  I am glad she told me about the soup that day.  The dining area was clean in appearance and very pretty.   Zero complaints."}, {"review_id": "Wv2eUzb_MFInpYSVkKHhQw", "user_id": "XhZx3Ao18CfFhj2eQmxP5A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "10/19/2017", "text": "Came at an odd time 2:30, so end of lunch, not quite dinner. Overall, it seemed nice. I had the goat cheese app and a beet salad with shrimp. The baked goat cheese was good, had roasted garlic and sun-dried tomatoes. The salad was excellent, lots of good flavors with Gorgonzola cheese, roasted beets, and walnuts. The salad dressing was light but complementary to the flavors. I was also very happy that, when I ordered shrimp on the salad, I got more than just 2 or 3. It was a nice spot to sit outside and have a glass of wine after a long morning and would be a solid place to take your parents."}, {"review_id": "do3Yv7Q4pljMyZ5_7DisRQ", "user_id": "I2xm1Zy9UZOWwaxPfnsksw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/6/2017", "text": "While on my TV Foodie Road Trip from NY-FL we popped in for a snack at the 300 East Restaurant in Charleston, NC which was featured on DDD. Indulged in 1 of the items featured on the show-The sweet potato Ravioli w/ walnuts and Gorgonzola sauce. Which was so rich and delicious but would benefit from a drizzle of balsamic or fried sage. I was bummed the 2nd featured dish the lamb ragout was only served at dinner so I drowned my sorrows in  -Goat Cheese butternut Cheesecake with fall flavored crumbs and pecan brittle.I'm not a cheesecake fan but the key word is Goat Cheese my weakness. This was very good but I couldn't finish it."}, {"review_id": "4RBLalBl6mu5ep4iCqZb_A", "user_id": "M1iMJ-j8utBDWNgpTfqBzA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "1/5/2018", "text": "Hubs and I came here for another friend's birthday. They have a parking lot in the back which is convenient and is located in Dilworth/Southend. It's very easy to find and feels just like you're dining in someone's house. It is very cozy and romantic feeling inside even though it's a casual dining spot. It was completely packed for a Thursday night, so I recommend making a reservation. We were seated upstairs which was nice, but very tight. I couldn't take off my jacket and purse without hitting the people behind us. Our waitress was amazing and really fun. The drink menu had interesting mixed drinks and overpriced wine IMO. We picked up our friends' bottle of wine at $32, and that was one of the cheapest ones. For casual dining, that seems higher to me.The menu options sound really good and appetizing, but I was rather disappointed in the actual meal. I ordered the gorgonzola stuffed filet wrapped in bacon which came with mashed potatoes and green beans. The steak was absolutely amazing, but the mashed potatoes tasted like boxed potatoes and the green beans were so crunchy, they could have been raw. The other people in our party enjoyed their meals, but I wouldn't pay those prices for the quality you get again. Nice experience though!"}, {"review_id": "TXkM-eoZyzzrm3tyjox5FA", "user_id": "qss1G9PhuUlFzdOlUVXl0Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "8/5/2017", "text": "Oh yes! We came here during Charlotte Restaurant Week...and we fell in love. The goat cheese appetizer was all I needed it to be...warm goat cheese with garlic and warm bread, Yes, it was quite amazing. We ordered the salmon dish, and the hanger steak. Both dishes were equally yummy. The coconut basmati rice that came with the salmon was soooo good, and the horseradish sauce that came with the steak was perfection.And as if I needed another goat cheese option...I did! The goat cheese and white chocolate cheesecake  was sooo good. We can't wait to get back here to check out the regular menu."}, {"review_id": "wNRiYy4O3LZRIwdZVRI6GQ", "user_id": "kkdNZ7XhSf8lEdKA3EqGkg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/13/2018", "text": "My friends were in town from the Buckeye State and I wanted to take them to one of my favorite spots in Charlotte - 300 East was the obvious choice! I've been here multiple times and have always had a great experience with food, overall price, and service. My friends loved it - we even convinced one of them to order the Matilda Wong. He was pleasantly surprised by his own mini pitcher of boozey-goodness, and even passed it around like a good friend should.Also, if you're like me and frequently daydream about living in one of the gorgeous, charming homes in the Dillworth area, you can kinda pretend you're eating in your very own mid-century dining room when you're at 300 East. Seriously, the cozy ambience and charm of this place can't be beat."}, {"review_id": "OAP04M4_vhNDrMFxQ4CyDA", "user_id": "vRMlt2TBsH5_efNSJLGD7w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/10/2018", "text": "Great for brunch and dinner!  They arguably have the best French onion soup in the city, so I would highly recommend it! Cute, cozy spout on East blvd in a old house."}, {"review_id": "LHfJU_4lyjk0fBca0ZNz4w", "user_id": "g4CEweu8TJo9NRvbtd4zEQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "9/17/2017", "text": "I've dined at 300 East several times...2-3 dinners and 1 Sunday brunch.  Ambiance is more of a warm and cozy vibe.  You feel like you're dining in someone's house!  Can get a bit loud depending on where you sit, so I would say this place is most conducive for parties of 1-4 people (maybe 6-8 if you sit upstairs and they put tables together.For dinner, their French Onion Soup is great.  My dad ordered it last time they were in town and the flavor was REALLY good.  I'm also a fan of their chicken, which is so juicy and delicious!  Definitely enough to take home for leftovers.  I've also had the steak here before and it was certainly worth getting!  Dinner gets a solid four stars.For brunch, my love for this place died of disappointment today.  Service was so incredibly slow and the waitress never came to check on us during the meal until it was time to clear the plates.  My Breakfast Pizza was clearly burned, which was disappointing as I looked at other well-made breakfast pizzas around me with lots of toppings and fluffy crust.  Brunch gets a solid two stars.  One star because the Mimosa was good and another star because I tasted the other dish on the table and it was pretty decent.I would recommend this place for dinner and that's it.  I would pass on brunch so you don't run the risk of getting a sad-looking, overcooked breakfast pizza like I did."}, {"review_id": "epLkdJpcjzcdk7H4y9RksA", "user_id": "Obue3xCi58G3Da5ZMSXwIA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "I took my aunt and uncle here while they were visiting and we loved it! The food comes out looking like a work of art and something you shouldn't touch because it's so well plated. Definitely a great great quality for the price. Nothing too upscale or high class but it's an awesome restaurant and in a unique setting. I will be going back for sure."}, {"review_id": "plOHTJ4bDnxfi2znI1UnKQ", "user_id": "fL1LSppTTRD0dsKbBZ-2sQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "Cool place to eat. Today was the avacado BLT for me and my daughter had the chicken sandwich special. Both were delicious. Buttttt, my side was the penne ala vodka today and it was awful. Pasta was over cooked and it tasted like it had been sitting in a pan all day. Our app was the pimentoCheese which was very good. Dessert was the purple sweet potato ice cream and it was different. Rich, creamy, slightly sweet and did taste like sweet potato. And we had the cheesecake which was delicious. Set worth going here. Only issue today  as the pasta. Next time it'll be the fresh fruit."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/300-east-charlotte?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]