[[{"review_id": "A0s3ZPXEuXdyQYKS7nhOBg", "user_id": "BA0Bkw1caVtHLEgXlyxKhA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/14/2018", "text": "If you enjoy breakfast foods in large quantities, excellent service, hot coffee, and affordable prices all paired with deliciously dense biscuits the size of your head then THIS IS THE DINER FOR YOU!!!!I got the breakfast combo - two eggs, breakfast potatoes (cooked perfectly), and a biscuit. I added turkey sausage (two flavorful lil patties). And I couldn't resist adding a plate-sized pancake for $0.95! I'd recommend getting the combo instead of a breakfast sammie it's a better bang for ur buck. Also - treat yourself to the pancake, it's nice and soft on the inside with a little crispiness on the edges!Would DEFINITELY recommend."}, {"review_id": "Vt52qlzeSlYtBdP-S_d_GQ", "user_id": "iePCiaqrMz79hMy9RVj_WQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/12/2018", "text": "I have no doubt in my mind that i will return to this place and update my review to five stars but for right now I can only rate the experience i had this weekend. Service: Very friendly both on the phone when I placed my order and when i picked it up. I came early around 7:30 on a Sunday morning so only two or three tables were occupied. Food: After seeing all the reviews and pictures of their homemade corned beef hash i knew for sure that's what i wanted and i ordered a side of well done Sausage for good measure just incase it wasn't filling.The Good: The way they package my takeout order was smartly done. The gravy grits and hash all had their own compartments, no mess. The biscuit was way larger than any pictures I'd viewed on Yelp. Almost the size of my hand!The Bad: Upon further inspection I realized that my homemade Corned Beef hash was not homemade at all. It was that canned mush my grandparents ate growing up. Man was i disappointed. I didn't realize you had to specify homemade when you ordered one of their specialities. I guess it was my fault but a big part of me feels they should've asked homemade or canned when I placed my order. Since I didn't get the corned beef hash that I wanted I didn't want any part of my breakfast and ended up giving the whole platter to my maid. I'll be sure to say HOMEMADE corned Beef hash the next time. Not taking this place off my list just yet!"}, {"review_id": "sf3T4MCWfrT2FQj8JvzCng", "user_id": "LHgroEtJ4AAyQsK69TyUSA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/20/2017", "text": "After driving by the Smith Street Diner many times and reading about it in a number of publications, Southern Living was the last I saw, we finally went here to try it out.  It wasn't where we had planned to go for Brunch this past Sunday, but our original destination had a long, long waiting list.  Now that we have been here it is certainly on my radar for lunch and dinner as well as being in the rotation for Sunday Brunch.Even though we arrived shortly after noon on a Sunday, we were seated immediately, and this bothered me a bit.  If this place is as good as its reviews say, why wasn't here some kind of wait?  Well now I know, it was purely the luck of timing, because when we left there was a long waiting list, and we were both stuffed full of goodness, and I even left a few bites untouched on my plate.We were waited on immediately after being seated, and the server was very helpful.  I asked him about the three different listings for Corned Beef Hash, a big favorite of mine.  He explained that two of the three were prepared with the Corned Beef Hash that was made in house, and the other came out of a can.  That brought the choices down to two immediately and they were the right choices.  The homemade Corned Beef Hash was as good as I can remember having in NC.  And Mary even commented that the pancakes she had were outstanding.  It must be the 'love' they put into the preparation. The service was excellent as well.  The place is a bit crowded and the tables a little small, but that allows more people to get in a get served so it was worth it.  And the kitchen did an excellent job on getting the food out quickly.The only reasons that I am not giving the Smith Diner 5-stars are: first one of the glasses they gave us for our juice was chipped slightly and probably should not be in use.  But seeing it I was able to avoid the chip and the server was vey busy.  And that point, I believe, also created the second issue, when my plate was delivered it was obvious that it had sat at the window a while before being brought to us, because the outer parts of the meal had cooled off.  Going past the outer layer the food was warmer, but not hot.  But that did not stop us from eating it.  And they serve large portions!  Overall it was a very good experience and we plan to get back there real soon for lunch and or dinner."}, {"review_id": "W-xhHJatAu05vVjs4UXclA", "user_id": "mbunKDLkOZNzieGVjrX9EA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/7/2018", "text": "Came here on a Friday morning with no waits! It's a cute mom and pop shop so don't expect anything crazy regarding the ambiance or the interior design. The service was impeccable; everyone was so sweet and our drinks were never empty. For food, we got the eggs, pork tenderloin, home fries, grits and a chicken biscuit. I was looking forward to the biscuit, but found them to be a little dry. But the prices were phenomenal. We paid $25 for our entire meal which included the food listed out above, iced sweet tea and a chocolate cheap cookie. You can NOT beat those prices! If you're around the area, I highly suggest stopping by. We personally made sure to stop by on a weekday where there would not be a huge wait list."}, {"review_id": "yUVBwiOUipY0BWHIOdXkaw", "user_id": "bQCHF5rn5lMI9c5kEwCaNA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/18/2017", "text": "Solid, down-home diner fare that's a good bet any time of day.In particular, you can get breakfast all day long. The biscuits here are almost loaf-sized, and the gravy quite delicious. I'd ordered some sausage on the side which was absolutely delicious too. Prices are incredibly cheap (at least by Bay Area standards) and service is fast and super friendly.Definitely worth a visit if you're in downtown Greensboro."}, {"review_id": "awyqa10YNd3oy6fg7YbGOg", "user_id": "Fe7yxyBu2z6imu6ZVlNFXg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/11/2018", "text": "Why oh why did I wait so long to enjoy a meal here! I was dreading the parking situation down town but they have a lot behind the restaurant that was easy in, easy out. Went with the chicken fried steak, side salad with Greek dressing and the fried okra. The steak was so tender and the gravy was perfectly seasoned. As others have said, the okra was fried just right and a huge portion. They give you a roll or cornbread so I went with the cornbread. It was good but not as good as that steak. I want to go back on a Thursday and try the fried chicken. The roast pork on the table beside us looked pretty damn tasty too. I'm a fan!"}, {"review_id": "1G_Cdj_LBpOWpk8-55WCRQ", "user_id": "puT28l8yK4a5xVcDEbKOGA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "10/4/2017", "text": "Highlight of our breakfast at Smith Street Diner: the corn beef hash!! I've never had one with tomato in it, and it really works. It's a very hardy dish, and definitely shareable. We also had the fresh banana pancake; it's just a plain pancake with some raw banana slices on the side... But man, is that plain pancake good. I love a chewier, slim, golden pancake and Smith Street Diner delivered. The atmosphere wasn't great; looks pretty old and yellowed. It's really tiny like everyone else says, but there was plenty of space for me and my friend on a Monday morning. The food itself is enough for me to come back!"}, {"review_id": "gHL8knDNhPACJcKFV13Yjw", "user_id": "XAImZVjPPMb_2qYwhuL_iQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/16/2018", "text": "I get my truck worked on across the street and came in because of the reviews. They have a special where the whole fried chicken comes with two sides at a lower price (its one of the daily special deals). Well with that I got the rice w/gravy, collards, and cornbread. The fried chicken was ok...super juicy but not enough seasoning. You can get a hint of hot sauce in the bite but it was just the aroma. I finished off the wings and a leg. The sides were also ok. The aronald palmer was great. Freshly squeezed lemons and unfortunatley, (for me due to allergies) freshly squeezed orange juice."}, {"review_id": "psfCWyXoJ0BIr-5nTjL4ow", "user_id": "OKDGR4dTFtWzWochwROC-g", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/24/2018", "text": "When I visited there was a long wait. Was it worth it? Not really. The food is okay. It's a diner with food that's full of butter and fat. It's not a place to eat if you're watching your diet. But it's a place to go if you want comfort food and huge biscuits. I ordered scrambled eggs and I could taste all the butter in those eggs. Lol They were yummy though. I also liked the pancakes. It's a cramped space but it's kid friendly and the wait staff is prompt. I would  visit again if in the area but wouldn't go out my way."}, {"review_id": "awzN0FOgggMn5Bg0Yf49bw", "user_id": "BuYZ9Jbb45uVoVpvubs06g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/10/2018", "text": "Love this place!! Great food, awesome staff, and biscuits the size of your face. Do not miss out - Its a must try."}, {"review_id": "LejXwaAFzqnyp0jgW3myxw", "user_id": "EHQ6H4WB4K2R0BMvBFocAQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/21/2017", "text": "This was the family's first time eating there. The ambiance is truly old school diner. The food was really good and reasonably priced. Service was excellent. On weekends you may need to wait a bit for a table but the charm, food, and service are well worth the wait. The biggest downfall in my opinion is the parking situation but that it is expected on the edge of Downtown Greensboro."}, {"review_id": "NeRjejEZWv6qhbWTFRtt1Q", "user_id": "fHrRc3bcNDjx7VPxB7aeKw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/28/2017", "text": "Find this cozy spot at the intersection of Battleground Avenue and Smith Street in the downtown area of Greensboro. The smallish gravel parking lot is immediately adjacent to the restaurant. For me, any place that serves breakfast all day long, wins approval automatically. There is a set of stools at the counter and maybe 16 tables - not a huge place. We arrived on a Tuesday evening at 5:30 PM and the place was perhaps six tables full. Service was immediate and excellent. The wife and both opted for the chicken fried steak. This comes with choice of bread and two sides. We each had a side salad, cornbread, and one of us had mash potatoes with a brown gravy or Mac and cheese. The chicken fried steaks were in delicious white gravy and in a word, \"perfect\". The mashed potatoes with its brown gravy were excellent and flavorful. The Mac and cheese had been made with real cheddar cheese, which was a little grainy, as cheddar tends to do this. If you are a big cheddar fan, the flavor was one you immediate recognize. I prefer a baked Mac that is smoother, but the Mac was still \"ok\" for me. Next time I will have the mashed potatoes. The corn bread (could have been warmer) is served with real butter, jelly's, jams and honey. The packets of honey were encased in some indestructible packet that even kryptonite would not penetrate. Hacking at the plastic with the dinner knife did not seem to have any appreciable effect on the packet. We did not access the honey.We smelled the specialty - the corn beef hash as we were leaving that smelled heavenly. A must to try next time. Great place for an affordable delicious diner. Happy friendly place that I strongly recommend!The restrooms were tiny but everything was clean."}, {"review_id": "LSSj_UfOuThlN56EipCvlg", "user_id": "M6GwVbo9pvnBfq7IGB2tCA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/9/2017", "text": "This visit was just a spur-of-the-moment decision. I was downtown and hungry, and definitely in a \"shop local\" type of mood. For your basic breakfast, it doesn't get any better than Smith Street's eggs, bacon, home fries, and toast combo. Add fresh-squeezed OJ and you won't be hungry again until dinner time.I've been a few other times with friends and always sat a table, but this time I sat at the counter since I was dining alone. Great decision, as it's close to the action - fun to watch all the activity of servers and cooks doing their thing. I was also interested to learn about their coffee roaster, which is in Durham. And I took home some wonderful house-made oatmeal cookies! Great spur-of-the-moment decision. People who live in or near downtown Greensboro are lucky to count Smith Street among their frequent dining choices."}, {"review_id": "a7X_KdTSNz0rMPKwStBhUg", "user_id": "QretFcnTI9ubU4mSVtgDNQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "7/1/2017", "text": "Overall, this was a great experience. The wait list polices are very no-nonsense but for good reason because the space is pretty small. They ask you to wait outside until they call your party to be seated. The diner advertises homestyle cooking, and that's exactly what it is. The biscuits and gravy were incredible. The homemade chicken salad reminded me of my mom's recipe. They serve breakfast day which is always a perk in my opinion. This place gave me the ultimate southern home cooking experience. The only thing I didn't like what the cucumber salad. It was too tart and vinegary for my palate."}, {"review_id": "57duOEMYkh2G7u3DzGNK2g", "user_id": "WnRy9_JyKxdBi0fszVMQvg", "rating": 1.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "Just had a horrible experience. To start, as soon as my children and I joined our party we were asked if we were ready to order. Politely said no and the server said, \"No problem.\" She wasn't rude about it. Then a different server, Alex, came over to take our order. My son ordered a decaf coffee, per his usual. When Alex returned for the second time, after my son's beverage was ordered, without his decaf coffee, I stated that we haven't received his drink yet. Alex said, \"I had to brew some.\" (snarky tone) I then stated, \"That is something you should tell us, instead of us thinking that you just plain forgot.\" Next, the food comes to the table and my mom's food isn't correct. She asked to have it sent back and fixed. After she explained what was wrong, a different server proceeded to ask what was wrong; I'm gonna give her the benefit of the doubt and say she didn't hear my mom. Alex come back to refill coffee and some dropped on the back of my arm. I grabbed my arm and naturally said, \"ahh, that's hot!\" Alex just stood there with no emotion, no smile, no \"are you ok/I'm sorry!\" All the while my mom still is without food.Alex comes back to the table and my mom asked her about her food and why it was taking so long. Alex said, \"What did you order?\" (ARE YOU KIDDING ME!) First, ALEX, YOU TOOK THE ORDER! Second, you never ask a guest what they ordered. The server should say, \"my apologies/let me check on that for you and then go find the food.\" If you don't recall what the guest ordered, then look at the ticket that you wrote it down on, ask (if it's not your table) and or check the computer. Within a few seconds, tada my mom's food arrives to the table. It was not cooked correctly, again. My mom asked to have the food taken away and the bill corrected to show it was taken off, because at this point the rest of table was almost finished eating. Then she asked to speak to a manager. The server asked what was wrong with the food. SERIOUSLY! She just told you. Then my mom asked a 2ND TIME to speak to a manager and the server walked away. My mom got up to follow her. I spoke up, loudly, that my mom asked you a question, twice, you can answer her. The server turned around and said, \"I'm gonna go look for one.\" There are 5 people on the floor and another server comes to the table to tell us that she wasn't sure who the manger on duty was but that the bill was completely taken care of. That's RIDICULOUS! You don't know who the M.O.D. is. We didn't want the entire meal taken care of and were willing to pay for the food and beverages that we received, just not my mom's. The server insisted; fine and thank you. The kicker: ALEX FELT THE NEED TO COME BACK BY THE TABLE AND INFORM US THAT, \"BY THE WAY, I'M NOT EVEN YOUR SERVER!\" WTF! WOW! At no point did she indicate that she wasn't our server; she took our order, refilled of beverages, dropped food, checked back on us, but was not our server. Could have fooled me.I've been in the food service industry/restaurants for 20 years and this experience was completely unacceptable and avoidable. I don't care that it's Smith Street Diner and not a fine dining establishment. I expect the same level of respect at any restaurant I visit. Alex, maybe you were having a bad day, I don't know and it doesn't matter. The guest(s) should never see that. If you can't turn that off when you come to work and/or visit a table, then you need to find a different job. This industry isn't for you and it'll eat you up."}, {"review_id": "ncFk8GLA6n9C3mJjrwNrQQ", "user_id": "4dQ_2ZwhKkGVxfIAEGUxSw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/10/2018", "text": "I've gone to Smith Street Diner a few times, and have enjoyed the food each every time. They have the best biscuits in Greensboro! I would recommend the Cuban sandwich, burgers, and French toast...but not at the same time. One of my favorite restaurants in Greensboro!"}, {"review_id": "FTxoHZ_kIV1Y-RomiRzeNA", "user_id": "wKcXtU8E-UTVGlyVqZRaZA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/3/2017", "text": "Great food and lots of it. The hash is amazing as are the biscuits and pancakes. Service was very good and the atmosphere was very cool."}, {"review_id": "bbHKWs_oSlwfDmXwImmTLA", "user_id": "Zd7WghrSqR8bcwtlkP5MOQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/15/2017", "text": "I found this diner on my way to a meeting and it was a dream come true! I had the BEST country breakfast... the pancakes and biscuits were huge and delicious. At one point I was looking around at other tables around me and everything I saw looked amazing... I'll be back!"}, {"review_id": "akTqLNAG1cdbsM-59hYImQ", "user_id": "ixbBdn0kZfsHnBsPBD8_sQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/12/2017", "text": "If you love breakfast, then this place is a must visit! We lucked out on our visit and did not have to wait for our table. That is not the norm! The restaurant does not have a huge waiting area so they ask that you send in one person to add your name to the waiting list. The rest of the party waits outside. Be prepared for that. We were seated right away and were instantly greeted by our waitress who was awesome! She told the people at our table who were first timers about their cathead biscuits - biscuits as big as a cat head! We ordered our drinks. Their coffee is he best! And they do an awesome job of keeping it coming too! I ordered my favorite breakfast there, the Mexican eggs. I order mine over hashbrowns vs grits. It is so good!! The runny egg with the potatoes, salsa, chilies and sour cream is perfect. I usually order a side of bacon to crumble up for it too. Others made their own omelets and the 2 egg combo. The biscuits were a hit! The gravy from the grits is also the perfect dip for them. Overall, we had a wonderful visit and will be back!"}, {"review_id": "tpgQkIGCogauuK0T7r-J_w", "user_id": "7UnTxoK0B1OSTKPjMKVIgA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/21/2017", "text": "Who knew you could find Latkes (potato pancakes ) in Greensboro ! Everyone's version is different , I find theirs to be the most authentic so far. They were flavored perfectly along with apple sauce and sour cream! Just yum! The fresh OJ is also delish & a must! I really liked the divider tray to keep everything from becoming mush, especially since I placed my order to go."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/smith-street-diner-greensboro?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]