[[{"review_id": "H0oDmOCGC_JbpVvVHpcVsQ", "user_id": "B9NlFI4hwYPV4yrCpCsx1w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "We were driving back from SC and wanted to stop off for lunch. After a quick yelp search, we decided to give The Pit a try. I could see how the parking could be difficult, but they do have free valet or plenty of street parking. We scored an outside table and had 2 friendly servers. They promptly greeted us and had drinks at the table. The menu has a large variety and is very reasonably priced. We only came for lunch, so decided not to do the family style menu (but, this would be an awesome option!) I ordered the brisket with coleslaw and baked beans. The brisket was moist and very flavorful. The meat fell apart with just the touch of a fork, no knife needed. The baked beans were my favorite part of the meal! They had the perfect amount of spice and sauce. The coleslaw was my least favorite, as it lacked flavor. My husband ordered a combo with chicken, a half rack of the Carolina style ribs, greens, and mac and cheese. The ribs were very tender and well seasoned. The chicken had the perfect amount of breading and was fried to perfection. The greens were so good that my husband didn't even let me try them. And the mac and cheese was melt in your mouth good. We were so stuffed that we didn't have room for dessert. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for good Carolina style BBQ at a reasonable price. If I'm ever in Raleigh again, I will be back :)"}, {"review_id": "3MzxFxQo8TzWReBE2OZHBg", "user_id": "LQpL5HPEBnSN-wIUDc-9sw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "Some of the best bbq I've had, and definitely the best in town. The place in clean, and we got a table quickly without a reservation on a Sunday. They also had complimentary valet parking which is really convenient since parking is scarce in that area. The wait staff was very slow, only refilled our drinks one time, and never came to check on us during the meal. The food was excellent, so I'm hoping the staff was just off today. PS: Try the pimento cheese balls!"}, {"review_id": "k0tALGTyzNmxXvfcHvrK5Q", "user_id": "wVFx5HKx0Y9yS0KoZEtHJQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "I found this place on Yelp as we were searching for a good spot for dinner for our last night in Raleigh. We walked in and the hostess told us there would be a 45 minute wait for our party of six (the place is huge we were a little confused how the wait could be so long). A brief minute later, we were told about open seating in the bar and were lucky enough to get a table (#winning).Shortly after we were seated, our server (think his name was Chris?) came to take our drink order. After explaining to him that 4/6 people at our table do not eat pork- he specified which sides and entrees were made without for us. As we waited, he brought out a huge basket of hush puppies and biscuits. Try not to overdo it on the hush puppies like I did before the meal. I ordered the fried chicken, green beans and macaroni and cheese. The portion sizes are major- two breasts and two wings!! The chicken was cooked perfectly, macaroni and cheese was good, and those green beans?! So freaking good!! They were legit the best green beans I've ever had they were bursting with flavor. What doesn't make this place 5 stars is the fact that the whole table was legit freeeezing as we ate our food. While waiting for our food, I had to go out to the car to find a sweater. I'm not sure if my sides were cold when they came out or if they just got cold by the high power ceiling fans over us (lol). However, I'm very pleased with my experience at The Pit and I can't wait for my next trip back to NC to eat here again."}, {"review_id": "uYuBgJqx74XusSU-w-Dhhw", "user_id": "ym3OVElvzmd2jpwXhBsj3Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/7/2018", "text": "One of downtown Raleigh's most well-known restaurants. Located in the warehouse district, next to the Boxcar barcade. Parking can sometimes be a little difficult, but you can usually find spots on the nearby streets. They also offer valet parking. It's a large restaurant and quite popular. They serve Carolina-style BBQ and other southern staples. The Pit is not necessarily the best nor the most authentic barbecue place in the Triangle, but they are in a great location, and they are more upscale and presentable than the typical family-style roadside barbecue places. Prices are a bit more expensive too than the other BBQ places, but they are along the lines of mid-end restaurant so you probably won't have to break the bank. It's a good place to take out of town guests for a meal and introduce them to the local barbecue style. I've been there several times and tried most of their meats. Their chopped BBQ (Eastern NC, vinegar based) pork is alright, and the same goes for most of their other meats. I do think their Carolina ribs were pretty good. Every time I've been there, service has been good."}, {"review_id": "J55XoppTNVx18YTjDAQqsQ", "user_id": "cr5r9-fGICQc8coz-gCw6Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "The Pit is a very well-known spot in Raleigh that definitely lives up to the hype.  If you're near downtown and in the mood for barbecue, you could do quite a lot worse!I've been a couple times now and have received great service and food on both occasions.  During the last visit, we started with the fried tomatoes.  The batter on them is a little heavy for my tastes, but coupled with the feta and vinaigrette, it was very flavorful overall.The barbecue is on point - we only got the pulled pork, which was very tender and had a nice smoky flavor.  They offer two sauces for your BBQ - one Eastern (vinegar) and the other seems more Lexington than Western.  Depending on how you feel, both offer a satisfying experience.I also nabbed some of their fried chicken, which was juicy and nicely seasoned.  It's a great add if you get the combo.  Sides here are pretty average - the mac and cheese, coleslaw, collards and potato salad are all good, but nothing revolutionary."}, {"review_id": "d1VONvx0A2SAug7e6YrrpA", "user_id": "QKHm5bsOcd8Dl7f_8vOzug", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/13/2018", "text": "Since we were in the Raleigh area for the day, and in the mood for some BBQ/Southern cuisine, we popped in for a late lunch. We came on a weekday afternoon just after the lunch rush, so there was no wait. The dining area was very spacious and inviting. The meal started with complimentary biscuits and hush puppies which was a nice touch. For a starter, we ordered the pimento cheese balls, which were fried perfectly. The pepper jelly really complimented the cheese balls. Then we ordered their lunch plates which came with two sides, the Southern fried chicken (with black-eyed peas and mashed potatoes & gravy) and the pulled pork (with green beans and fries). Everything was flavorful and well balanced. The chicken was crisp on the outside and tender, juicy on the inside. The pulled pork had a good smoky flavor to it, but was slightly dry in my opinion. All the sides tasted fresh and well seasoned. Service was very good and friendly. I'd recommend coming here on a weekday for lunch since prices will be slightly cheaper and less crowded. If you plan on coming here during peak meal times or on the weekend you may want to get here early to find street parking."}, {"review_id": "Rjjkr7nHg2GXMXSnOhbZpg", "user_id": "e8EWCYnDaVcQ5hxLmGzz4w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "Best pulled pork I've ever had, absolutely delicious! Also the fried green tomatoes were pure perfection and the service was nice. Prices were on point as well. Loved!"}, {"review_id": "06ikNc8QIH2ipOCfFjyJxw", "user_id": "KiJqU2eaA2h_ikyMKwLAzg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/2/2018", "text": "The food was good, not the best but good enough. The fact that you get many servers on your table is confusing, we got 3 serving our table, each served us for a few minutes! The inside needs some updates especially the restrooms that are very close to the kitchen that looks chaotic. Maybe they cannot help it due to the fact that it was extremely busy and they have to cook a ton of bbq...Their biscuits are extremely good. Good portions."}, {"review_id": "EVExwALdfZrCzKs2jXtD-g", "user_id": "FI-RrP4GE_N8r5ajjR1Efw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "This is good if you want to take your parents to a BBQ joint and you're afraid of taking them to a TRUE bbq house. The ambiance is way nicer than a true bbq house and is mainly for business and family dinners I'd have to admit. It's a safe bet and don't get me wrong, it was good food and I enjoyed it but I've definitely had better BBQ. 3.5/5 but luckily I still support math and rounding up"}, {"review_id": "QMuyj1kVWu_KGJGBGm0slg", "user_id": "G5-4QlCPjUxFvMUo9vPBXw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/19/2018", "text": "One of the best place to eat for pulled pork and brisket in Raleigh!!! I brought my sister and brother in law from California and they loved the BBQ! We ordered Chopped BBQ, Pulled Pork, and beef brisket! One double combo and an appetizer is satisfying for 3 people! We always tend to over order but this was so deliciously tasting! Prices are AWESOME for the flavor and flair you are getting from the food! Customer service was top! And we were surprised at how FAST the food came out (around 15-20 minutes!) while you are waiting they serve hush puppies and biscuits! Mac and cheese is delicious too!"}, {"review_id": "hUrXk27XvdinfV-JMu6LiQ", "user_id": "ohy37YZh1K5RNjPhfgTwdA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "Came here with a group and the hosts were flexible in getting us seats together. Food was good and the service was fast. A little bit on the pricier side. The trick is to get your money's worth with biscuits and hush puppies."}, {"review_id": "UyEtD1DJKu8IFyzFrZs4qg", "user_id": "rZElTUaWI9ycLCMfkhvRkA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/5/2018", "text": "So, this is the North Carolina BBQ I've been hearing about clear over on the West Coast, and I'm so glad we got a chance to try it! We had the big meat combo, which is definitely enough food for two people. Service was fast and attentive. Very popular, even on a Monday night."}, {"review_id": "d-XN2qHnVt1mu_bBQPN1bQ", "user_id": "hwpNR2qUDMbyRmhfPnCGyQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/27/2017", "text": "Favorite BBQ place I've ever been to!! I was driving back north from Florida and we thought we passed all the southern BBQ places, but decided to try The Pit. They feature a bunch of Carolina meats and sauces, which is different from other BBQ places! The venue is pretty large, with lots of booths as well as tables. Right when we walked in, the hostess was welcoming and quickly led us to a table. Both waiters serving us were friendly and accommodating throughout the meal as well. For the meal, first off, there are complimentary biscuits and hush puppies! I wish we had known, we wouldn't have ordered as many starters. We did order cornbread and deviled eggs (a bit too much pickle in the deviled eggs IMO, but still creamy and good) as starters still. For the entree, my family ordered different variations of the double plate and a catfish plate. All of which were delicious, well-made meats. I had fried chicken (so juicy, crunchy, spiced UGH I'm still dreaming) and brisket (tender, well seasoned), then cole slaw and baked beans as sides. Overall, welcoming, comfortable, clean (surprising for a BBQ place haha) restaurant with many selections of delicious, well priced food! 100% would recommend."}, {"review_id": "YH9HzTKQtyjcryPjSXPOiQ", "user_id": "oK6Ck4teMzK847MFg7XAKw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/27/2017", "text": "It's all about the barbecue. North Carolina barbecue--both eastern style and Lexington style. Both are just excellent. This is probably the best barbecue in Raleigh. I crave this stuff. I only get back to Raleigh every few years or so (I lived in North Carolina until my mid-twenties), and I make sure to visit The Pit for my fix every time.They have all the classic accompaniments (except sweet potatoes). Tender collards, hushpuppies, Brunswick stew, iced tea, decent biscuits. It's all here, all really well executed. And the place runs like a well oiled machine. The food is out almost instantly. Let's talk about that barbecue. With the spread of babecue culture they even have beef brisket on the menu. I considered that some Texas abomination when I first saw it, but I've tried it and it's great. That said, brisket just cannot hold a candle to pork barbecue. Sorry Texas people. It just can't. The Eastern style babecue, isn't too finely chopped (some places chop the chopped barbecue too much). And the simple peppery vinegar sauce is prefection. The end product is a bright, acidic, smokey dream. The Lexington style is pulled shoulder, and the sauce has a decent amount of sweet brown sugar and ketchup to be sweet-tomatoe-y, but is still mostly a vinegar sauce as God intended.They have ribs and chicken and even a burger on the menu. I'll never know what those taste like, so if that's your thing I can't help you. This is great stuff."}, {"review_id": "sBLjGvhkZXuDm2GJMHsKqg", "user_id": "4CRqqtRltEsW3kWSfSf9rQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "The Pit is an upscale barbecue restaurant (yes, they DO exist) in downtown Raleigh. It's popular but large enough to tolerate the level of business it generates. There's valet parking as getting a spot anywhere in that part of town can be quite the challenge!We normally start with the pimento cheese balls... the cheese is coated and deep friend and served with a spicy pepper jelly. This is not to be missed! Hush puppies and biscuits are complementary and are well done.While I normally drink water, the sweet tea is tasty (and de rigueur for any barbecue joint!) and is actually sweet enough for my preferences. My wife  likes the Back Porch Iced Tea which is made with vodka, raspberry liquor, lemonade and garnished with fresh raspberries. It's delicious but since I'm the usual designated driver, I've only sipped it, alas!You may wonder what my vegetarian wife eats there... this is a good question! They have their Barbecue Soy Nuggets which are really, really good (I've had them as well). Despite the less-than-creative name, they are a must-have if you want to drag your vegetarian friends to a BBQ place.For my part, I go with old classics: pulled pork and baby-back ribs. The pork is tender and usually moist and the ribs are well done. Honestly, they are typical barbecue fare but done well and well worth it. The sides are likewise very familiar and we usually enjoy the green beans, fried okra, mac&cheese and (for our son) french fries. One doesn't go to such a place for novelty, after all, just the classic fare done right.The Pit is a great place to take visitors or business clients as long as you don't need to actual TALK business as it tends to be a bit noisy when they are their busiest. While not romantic, one could bring a date there as well. Though I don't typically drink wine, their cellar looks excellent and there's a full bar.All in all, worth the trip and we have been there often in the past and will go back in the future!"}, {"review_id": "YjerU7mmoPHp2dvVU2Bs-Q", "user_id": "kS2vzWZDufqinHOHkHurzA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/6/2017", "text": "This is one of my favorite restaurants when coming to Raleigh. Even the thought of their Hush puppies and biscuits alone makes me salivate. They come anyway before even placing the order. Theoretically, I could leave at that point. But staying and taking in the actual menu items is worthwhile. The pit sampler is a great start. To follow, there are a number of classical Southerner plates. A good choice is the double or triple combo which allows to combine different meat choices and select among the sides. Plates are generally big, chances to take left-overs home high.The place is crowded, young, casual, offers free valet parking ... and just a great place to go and come back ..."}, {"review_id": "e8OwOVEUcEexy2sTV0jUQQ", "user_id": "DAmEqHQipxMhBxYe_8Audw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "The most amazing BBQ I have had in my entire life.  It so wonderfully cooked if you thought about putting sauce on the meat it would be a SIN."}, {"review_id": "xswOo4w90NpetDKMJ6Xkgw", "user_id": "xyreCK_8QOqd0j8c2XVY2A", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "Gotta say this place was a disappointment.  We heard such good things, but the food was sub-par. It looked fantastic, but the flavor was lacking. I ordered the brisket plate with Mac & cheese, & cole slaw. My bf had the combo of chopped pork & brisket. Another gentleman had the chicken, which he devoured so it was either good or he was just hungry. My brisket appeared  tender but it was dry, even with bbq sauce. *that you add yourself. My bf had nice looking hunk of brisket, but he was also let down. The Mac & cheese was dry, & lacking flavor. How??? Cole slaw was better. The waiting dynamic was different. Whoever is nearby will wait on you rather than the one waiter. That being said it still took awhile to get someone's attention after they brought me chopped pork instead of brisket. Mistakes happen, but it was sorta awkward waiting on my food while everyone else was eating. Write things down... Less mistakes will be made. I gave 3 stars for: 1. Banana pudding was amazing 2. A nice waitress didn't want me to be left out when everyone ordered dessert except me. (I planned on sharing with the bf)  3. Ambience was nice, & they offer complimentary valet parking.  (Although, the valet couldn't turn off our push to start ignition so our car was running the entire time we were inside)"}, {"review_id": "-i_Km-GyXtkmLoAX-1jrxA", "user_id": "cooyyc2ckSXgWvr8q01GMA", "rating": 2.0, "date": "10/29/2017", "text": "Since moving to Raleigh, I kept hearing about and being told I needed to try The Pit. After checking it out yesterday, I'm really not sure why. I made a reservation that really wasn't needed as they were seating people pretty quickly and it wasn't that late for a Saturday (5pm). I went to the restroom prior to ordering and wasn't pleased with how dirty the floor leading to the restroom looked. It was as if people opened all their straws on the way to the restroom and threw the paper on the floor. This really was off putting since this hall also led to part of the kitchen.Anyhoo, I came back to biscuits and hush puppies. The biscuit was pretty good but could have warmer. For my entree, I ordered the catfish dinner with mac n cheese and cabbage greens. The portion size of the catfish was more than I expected with 4 pieces. However, it looked like it had been fried 2-3 times in chicken grease as the batter was extremely hard. I was struggling to find the actual fish and had to drown it in hot sauce to mask the burnt flavor. The mac n cheese tasted like it was loaded with powdered cheese and the greens lacked flavor. I get that the primary focus is BBQ but this place also bills itself as a Southern/Soul food restaurant. I guess I expected it to taste better. I just didn't see what the fuss was about."}, {"review_id": "Fw7BQdBPyGcV7Wv6uIwT2A", "user_id": "z4RpPl09kAzkSD6y2ZQnDA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "10/18/2017", "text": "When you come to North Carolina, what is the ONE food you absolutely must try?! Carolina 'Que of course! So, for dinner on a Friday night, we made our way to The Pit. There was a bit of a wait if you wanted to eat indoors but since it was such a beautiful night, we opted to sit on the patio outdoors (which was first come, first serve). To start, they brought us out a delicious basket of hushpuppies and biscuits - seriously, I don't know how to resist their biscuits in NC. We ordered some fried green tomatoes, which were fresh, delicately breaded, and fried to perfection. Yum, yum, yum.For my entree, I decided to try a combination of some classic North Carolina chopped barbecue and some brisket. The brisket was SO tender and melt-in-your-mouth. It was honestly some of the best brisket I have ever had in my life. As for the local chopped NC BBQ, I was glad I gave it a try but I can honestly say that I am more of a St. Louis or Memphis style BBQ girl. The Carolina BBQ was tart and tangy - lots of vinegar - that after a few bites, kind of killed my appetite.All in all, seems like a nice spot to grab some friends, get some drinks, and enjoy some 'que."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/the-pit-raleigh?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]