[[{"review_id": "OJbf_C9AkK5Wkcjc1eZ0zg", "user_id": "Uf7HTEgQ2P2ChUdMEq2UVg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "This is one of our favorite restaurants in the Charlotte area.  The service is top notch.  We have been there so often they know us by face.  I encourage anyone who goes there to try the Brussels Sprout appetizers - in one word OUTSTANDING!  They are both crisp, fresh and sweet all at the same time. We also love the Rice Crispy Squares.  My go to is always the Miso.  It is a warm broth with fresh corn, bean sprouts, Bok Choy, pork belly and an egg.  It is delicious - pork melts in your mouth and the veggies, noodles remain crisp and delicious!  My husband gets the Buta Bowl it has a bit of a kick but never fails to impress!  Truly a great restaurant - worth the wait!  I love the traditional Japanese sitting - if not for that we would have never tried the Brussels Sprouts!  Great service, excellent food and reasonable prices!  Love that it's right off the train -"}, {"review_id": "dDUATs4AcRVBBKJ9GVfTUw", "user_id": "YymWWZaElUXTJrVA_5JPqg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "Without noodles, we'd have darkness and no carbs...oh and did I mention DARKNESS?!Futo Buta makes HOMEMADE ramen noodles. I mean, can someone just send me noods so I can be in the comfort of my home already? Ubereats, I am looking at you. My fiance and I came here for a date night because Ramen is the perfect way to enjoy a romantic rainy day. After reading reviews and putting my Yelpyness to work, I noted the lack of reservations and the size of the establishment, but that didn't stop us. Arriving at 4pm on a Saturday, I thought would put us in the power position. WRONG. We got in line and put our names on the list and 30 minutes later we were seated at the communal table in between another couple who was on a date night and a group of three who had the most interesting conversations. (definitely, a girlfriend meeting her new boyfriend's best friend for the first time.)Upon sitting down, we hardly looked at the menu because we are pros and looked ahead of time. With fired sticky rice, Fire and Ice with an egg and the traditional Miso ramen ordered we were off to the races. Our waitress didn't miss a beat and was super helpful the few times we had questions. With the size of this restaurant, I was excepting to feel on top of the people next to us, but I didn't. The moment of truth...When our food arrived, I am positive that David leaned over and whipped the drool off my face. I've been seen a more beautiful display of ramen in my life. What are we waiting for -- let's dig in! Fire and Ice was a huge hit. You can tell the noods are hand rolled and have that extra bit of love in them. Adding an egg is a pro tip. Do it, you can thank me later.Fried Sticky Rice nom nom nom. When this plate came out, the couple next to us asked what we ordered and told us they were experiencing food envy. After taking a bite, damn right they were because those rice squares are something to talk about. I can't wait to go back to Futo Buta! If you haven't been yet, make it a point to come here. Expect to wait, but it's worth it!"}, {"review_id": "rPmwKGdGxfXeKbed_iVpwQ", "user_id": "rgiPHZo_gt39TOMfpDISbw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "Even though I'm new to the Ramen craze, I'd like to consider myself a professional ramen connoisseur. This was my first time trying Futo Buta and it definitely will not be my last! When it comes to ramen my primary concerns surround spiciness and substance. I like ramen that has multiple ingredients (or at least the option to add/change ingredients) and it needs to have a kick! The Buta Bowl not only met those requirements but instead exceeded all expectations. The Buta Bowl priced at $18, is the largest portion size bowl offered and contains: chicken and dashi broth, double noodle, pecan smoked pork belly, duck confit, spicy pork, ono chili sauce, sweet white corn, leek, scallion, cayenne pepper threads, onsen egg. The spice which can be requested on the side is the perfect combination of heat, sinus clearing and flavor.The restaurant has a modern/trendy vibe which according to my friends remains busy at all times everyday. The space is small and many tables have you rubbing elbows with neighboring guests. I would not recommend this location for an intimate dinner, unless your comfortable having people listen in on your conversations. but besides the lack of space the place is GREAT! The restaurant is located in South End area of Charlotte, NC directly touching the light rail across from popular bars Oak room, All american pub and Hot taco. The restaurant has no direct parking but has multiple pay for parking lots nearby and if your lucky some free street side parking."}, {"review_id": "5AsUL3g8X_oFLC0QvcPObg", "user_id": "EaRd_4nFnPs8Fei-H2ZmVA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/10/2018", "text": "What to get: tonkotsu ramenService: 4/5Atmosphere: casual, small crowded shopWait: 20 mins (Saturday 3PM for 1)Parking: metered street parking (free on weekends), parking garageThe Experience:Very crowded ramen spot in a small shop, I'd only go on off times and with a very small group (or solo). Tucked behind a shopping strip, you'll need to park along the street or in nearby parking garages. If you add cold weather with possible rain, be ready to wait more. They actually have a texting system so you don't have to wait there, so that's pretty convenient.If you do wait it out, their food is pretty great. I only ordered their tonkotsu ramen since I didn't want to stay in there too long. Maybe having lunch late and it being cold influenced my appetite, but I ate the whole bowl. The noodles were fresh and had an almost al dente texture. The broth was rich and balanced, not too fatty or salty, which is key. Lastly, I'll note that the smoked pork belly had a great crunchy 'bark' when biting into it. I didn't expect that, but if you love a change in textures, this is a fantastic surprise.Gochisosama deshita!"}, {"review_id": "11OPCX1Mstf_9WK7xERWnw", "user_id": "PyX0acIbA3ZVyFotziKIJg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "In from out of town and have this place a try. Was able to immediately sit at the bar. Service was fine. Tori Kara Age (Japanese Fried Chicken) - 5/5. Absolutely delicious. Super crispy, moist and flavorful. Squeeze the lime in top. The sauce that it comes with is delicious, but a little spicy. It's not necessary, but brings the chicken to another level. Tonkatsu Ramen - 3/5. I wanted to like it. It was fine though. The noodles were good-great thickness and chewy. Egg was perfectly cooked. The char sui was a little different, where it's seared. The broth, which is the foundation for any ramen, was lacking. It was one note and didn't have really any flavor. I added the hot sauce and it still do anything for me. If the broth was better then the stars would be higher. Tonkatsu Ramen is all about deep, milky, flavorful broth."}, {"review_id": "UzQgXSoo151UvoC-kuGtrg", "user_id": "bZV2ug7-lfHipsIOo4z1ag", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/19/2018", "text": "Soooo...Im trying to find the words to explain exactly how dope this little gem of a restaurant is.  Futo Buto brings authentic, flavorful bowls of deliciousness unlike any ever seen before in the city of Charlotte.  Let's start at the beggining.Izakaya are, for lack of a better term, appetizers or small bites.  I always start out with Kurobuta Pork & Scallop Gyoza.  They are the best dumplings I have ever had.  Kurobuta pork is basically the Wagyu of the pork world.  Phenomenal quality meat and they are sticking it in traditional gyozas with scallops.  Insanely delicious.  I am also a huge fan of the fried brussel sprouts...never thought I'd say that in my life.  The pork belly buns are incredible as well and always round out my meal.Ramen- First of all, the broths are truly remarkable.  A lot of love and time has to be put into building the layers of flavor that penetrate deep into my soul with every slurp.  They use alkaline noodles so the noodles never get mushy.  My favorite is the Buta Bowl.  It comes with smoked pork belly and duck confit, double noodles, corn scallions, chilli sauce and egg.  It is spicy and deep.  May be the best meal in Charlotte.  I love love love this place."}, {"review_id": "sfDE-tJJNvk-epkG2YSXvw", "user_id": "mymQszIbCFxauVKKFJJJmw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "I've been to Futo Buta on multiple occasions during lunch. This past time was my first visit during dinner. Previously the restaurant was not that busy and I had no problems being seated. This time the small space was packed. One of the servers quoted our wait as 30-35 minutes. We were finally seated after about an hour. Very annoying.  They seemed to tell all their patrons that arrived that night the same time, so I honestly wonder if they just tell everyone that so they'll wait :-/Regardless we were seated at the bar. Our server was awesome: just the right amount of attentiveness, great sense of humor, and very helpful. We started off with the toro nigiri appetizer. Incredible flavor; honestly doesn't even need any soy sauce! Girlfriend ordered the tonkotsu ramen.  I love how savory it is and also a fan of the wood ear mushrooms they put in the bowl. I normally get the tonkotsu, so I decided to venture out and try the Shoyu ramen. I prefer the tonkotsu. Both bowls feature their pecan-smoked pork belly, which I absolutely adore. The pieces practically melt in your mouth. Unfortunately the broth in my ramen was too salty. From now on, I'll most likely just stick with the tonkotsu. For dessert we had the green tea ice cream with honey drizzled on top. I'm not normally a big tea person but this was also amazing. The addition of honey really takes it to another level. I love the ramen they serve here. I'm looking forward to future visits and trying their other appetizers (their brussel sprouts are also very good).  I just wish they would utilize their porch more or somehow find a way to expand their dining area. When it's full it's just way too crowded and very loud. Despite these problems, I still think Futo Buta is worthy of 5 stars."}, {"review_id": "Pw1EWDqhBK65crj4jzJzng", "user_id": "N9hqTPQu2bmI8c2Pj8F1ww", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/18/2018", "text": "Are you yearning for something delicious but you don't know where to eat? Futo Buta will satisfy. Get the Fire & Ice ramen($14), and you'll thank me. I've slurped ramen bowls in many ramen shops, and this is one of the best. This tantalizing bowl is incredible and very flavorful. With few unique ingredients, the Fire & Ice ramen is a game changer. The kimchi and dashi broth is mild and the hot smoked salmon makes it more interesting.Things to keep in mind:- Futo Buta is closed on Mondays.- They don't take reservations, and no seating of incomplete parties, Also, due to the limited space, during busy hours, they enforce time limits. Four and Half Yelps"}, {"review_id": "HxmWuQRMba5X_qdkKXIn8Q", "user_id": "tMRpZNONdo0CAzjZCPMdTQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/11/2018", "text": "Great vibe to this place. It is busy, busy. You will need to wait for a seat, but never that long. Appetizers are delicious, and so is the ramen. The broth can be a little salty but they're able to lighten it."}, {"review_id": "mXkgSCeKwusvznfgYeJD4Q", "user_id": "qb4l3B1VifNbkGkC61emSA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/30/2018", "text": "No more ramen around town looking for an authentic dinner experience - Futo Buta is a gem! (There's my attempt at a punny intro, feedback appreciated lol) But in all seriousness, I came to Futo Buta for a date night and it was perfect. It has a fun and vibrant atmosphere that is great when you wanna change things up from the usual quiet laid back date night dinner. Futo Buta is a small, intimate and unique spot to try out! Pro Tip, getting a table can be tricky during busy hours, so plan accordingly to get there early and get your name on the list, then grab yourself a drink at the bar while you wait or explore the area around. Once you get a table, prepare yourself for ramen that comes second only in my book to authentic ramen I had in Hong Kong, can't beat that, sorry. Nonetheless, I had the Tonkatsu Ramen bowl with the chilli oil added and it was wonderful! It was definitely on the spicier end so be ready for that with this dish, but the broth was rich and the pork had this amazing pecan smoked taste to it. Overall, this is a great dinner spot to take people from out of town, or impress someone on a date. I'm definitely going back to try their non ramen menu items as well because they just looked so delicious!"}, {"review_id": "RZ6zJ70ByCMTgvvn1TFHCQ", "user_id": "BzqH9Akt5potyp1WkRTGtg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/9/2018", "text": "Futo Buta is a tiny little ramen place. I wouldn't come with a big party. The fried chicken appetizer is soooo good. I would not skip on this! Perfectly fried and still juicy inside. The sauce with it worked well with it too.I got the Tonkatsu bowl, since it is a popular dish. I wish I got a spicier level. I wanted to be conservative with the spice, but more spice would have added more flavor to the bowl. The meat was really great and good quality. I'm not a huge pork fan, but still enjoyed this pork. The portions were so huge we didn't have room for desert:( Will be back for the soft serve!"}, {"review_id": "skqvla1rV9OadbADbaUCoA", "user_id": "hr3iSHRh59DhFX8dn_UReg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/26/2018", "text": "This is a great South End neighborhood restaurant. Location/Atmosphere: My husband and I live walking distance to FB. So we really like the location. It's right on the rail trail and there is a light rail station that stops right there. I believe there is a parking garage near by that you can park in, but do not quote me on that as I have never actually driven to this location. The restaurant itself is pretty tiny on the inside there are 2 long tables that people can sit at and then bar seating along the window. It's very cool looking on the inside. It has a very industrial look with exposed ceiling and lots of wood and steel. There is an opening to the kitchen where you can see the magic happen! We have never actually eaten inside. On the outside they have a decent amount of walk way seating with umbrellas in the summer and heaters in the cooler months. We really like eating outside because you can have your own table as opposed to inside you are sharing the table with many people. Food/Drink: The food is great! I've only had one dish that I wasn't crazy about (more on that later). We like to start our meal off with an order of the Rice Krispie Squares: spicy tuna, crispy fried rice, wasabi soy. If you have ever been to Nobu and had the Crispy Rice with Spicy Tuna... the Futo Buta one is even better! I know, crazy! It's plated beautifully too. We typically order the Shoyu: chicken and dashi broth, pecan smoked pork belly, bamboo, scallion, onsen egg*, wakame, roasted and julienne leek. I have chicken added to it. It's really tasty and the portion is huge. I can never finish it all which is unfortunate because in my humble opinion, Ramen doesn't make the  best left overs. Soggy noodles :( I wish they had a half portion option! The chicken they add to the Ramen is delicious. Always white meat and always cooked perfectly. We decided to get takeout one night and I accidently ordered the Chizu: chicken broth, pecorino cheese, whipped egg, shiso pesto, yuzu, black garlic, scallion. This was a mistake. The Chizu is the \"buttered noodle\" of the Ramen world. It was really sub-par. I've ordered wine here before, but I know that they have sake, beer and cocktails. Service: The people that work here are always kind, prompt, and accommodating. It's part of the reason we keep coming back!Price: Most Ramen dishes are priced between $12-$14, we typically add a protein which costs another $5. A $20 entrée is what should be expected because even if you are only adding extra veggies/sauce, there is $1-$2 per veggie/extra sauce charge.Notes: Get here early! The line can be crazy. During the winter months, definitely come early because outside seating won't be an option. We always enjoy coming here, are always treated well and never leave hungry!"}, {"review_id": "xWgCV99G1hHH5lmNyAHCZQ", "user_id": "dGUOe2TBchiGvU1BNkmTog", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/13/2018", "text": "THIS place is amazing! I honestly know exactly why this place is on the 2018 50 Best Restaurants in Charlotte list. Seriously amazing food, amazing service and affordable but for delectable food unlike anything you can get elsewhere in CLT. Also it's usually packed so you may way a little bit unless you come at the right time but it's so worth it.I could've easily skipped the apps since the ramen is huge but I had to try the rice crispy squares. They are so unique and so delicious. You need to try these things at least once in your life.My friend and I both got the Tonkotsu. Let me just say...amazing. Those of you that equate ramen to the 25 cent  noodles you can score at any grocery or big box store, think again. This is some real ramen, which means more than just some seasoned broth and noodles. The broth itself is amazing. The onsen egg was killer and the pork belly brought in a ridiculously rich flavor to tie it all together. We both left with about half of a ramen to eat for lunch the next day aka midnight snack. Just try not to eat all the pork belly before leaving if you want some with your second half.Great local beers on tap and excellent service. Casual laid back vibe and can get kinda loud but it's south end that's the way it should be."}, {"review_id": "sJekHwrqey_tZ0mRL8GIug", "user_id": "Ntq_6n5SpkZGmNHXnEmlNQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/3/2018", "text": "I have eyed this place since a month before it opened. I finally got to experience it for the first time, what, 2, 3, years later?It was worth the wait from the taste but I do wish I had come sooner.Their top ramen was delicious and the Brussels sprouts were incredible. You must try the Brussels sprouts.My only wish is that they would open a second location or move to a bigger one. I crave broth based items when it is cold, but waiting  outside 45 minutes for a seat because there is so little space just isn't happening. Good thing I just learned they do takeout!"}, {"review_id": "4hYZcDkAlQU_6RWwbgcgwg", "user_id": "1aah9YdCNeLL19cir15J4g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "So while we were quoted a 30 minute wait and it ended up being a little over an hour wait, it was still totally worth it. The space is small and always super busy from what I hear. We were seated at the bar and promptly ordered from an attentive server behind the counter. We started with the Toro nigiri, and I can still savor the taste after two days. Super fresh, didn't even need more than a drop of soy sauce. I tried the tonkatsu ramen, and the flavor is all there. So much umami! Bowl contained two slices of pork belly, egg, mushrooms, nori, and some black fungus. Ramen was bouncy, and broth was rich. Finished off with the green tea ice cream drizzled in honey. Really enjoyed the taste of green tea, but the ice cream itself had a little icy consistency for a soft serve. The honey really complemented the tea flavor though, so I'd get the dessert again any day, especially at the end of such a savory meal."}, {"review_id": "zf3dNhACeGmuWWR4fzcXlA", "user_id": "mOanh--SkJagXdsfJU3wxQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/20/2017", "text": "House Made Ramen Noodles? Creamy and flavorful broth? Fried Japanese Chicken? Why are you still reading this... have I not convinced you enough yet to visit this place? It is amazing and I wish I had a location back home in Milwaukee. I have been here every time I visit Charlotte and I have to say, this is one of my favorites because the food is delicious and they have great service. Seating can be a little tight during rush lunch hour, but I've never had to wait long to be seated. If you are using google maps to find this location, you might be a little lost since it leads you to a random building. Since the store front does not face the street, I would find any street or garage parking and walk towards the train tracks. which should lead you to the restaurant. You can also call the restaurant if you are lost. They were very patient when I called for directions. I ordered the miso ramen with Japanese fried chicken and it is my favorite. It comes with pork belly, baby bok choy, egg and corn."}, {"review_id": "_1mJpjBOCQGD31lwmMohfg", "user_id": "YEA4K1sFd5eEOF9OMDW0_Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/11/2018", "text": "Omg....Love this spot.Place is a little hidden off south blvd.  But omg is it worth it.Isnt the largest spot in town so expect or either get there early.  I used to live in charlotte, and this place just opened when i left.  But every trip up i stop by, and usually just get take out.  Buta bowl is my jam and the brussels are pretty freakin awesome too.Staff has always been friendly tooThis place also has a porch for outside seating, but get there early, this places usually fills up quickly which well is a good thing, cause to me that means the food is on point.Soooo good dood..."}, {"review_id": "AaJdfx83Nk_KZmJm80QHFw", "user_id": "u-NbxbNdh7GZGnwxXUitYg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/4/2018", "text": "If you want to know whether your date is adventurous bring her here! The tiny restaurant at the corner of lynx blue line station, we ended up waiting for an hour or longer on Friday nights for a table and didn't really have the patience to get in. However trying again on a weekday, boom we got a place inside immediately. After seating you realize how tiny the restaurant is! You could be rubbing elbows with the other guests. The menu cannot be more apt - half dozen varieties of ramen and appetizers. Reading through the description doesn't really give out any visual cues. So I would say just go with a Ramen that contains your favorite protein. Another bizzare thing I noticed was there were more waitress than the number of guests. Our waitress was helpful but seemed really busy and running around. The ramens arrived quickly. Initially uncomfortable using the chopsticks but once your work the first few rounds, you would become adept at it. For a person who doesn't hand around much Japanese cuisines, the taste was new and interesting. May not suit everyone, one of my friend couldn't stand the smell of it and had our waitress to take it away. And glad that it wasn't billed. One pro tip I learnt was to mix your ramen thoroughly before slurping. We did also try the Japanese Fried Chicken - it was another interesting appetizer. The green tea Icecream was alright too. Be sure to walk around (visit the restrooms!), there is some interesting art work and pokemon style Graffiti. Overall an interesting and daring restaurant experience, very tiny and gets crowded on weekends. I would recommend this restaurant just for the fun of it and to get a break if you have been bored of the regular cuisines."}, {"review_id": "J2FKGmwQdPvasaZqayuW-A", "user_id": "AW3z25JWJ_kKfau23OGGNA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/9/2018", "text": "I went there at Sunday around 2-3 pm, waiting line for 2 was 30 min, but hostess call us in 15 minutes. The place are really small, but cool! A \"table\" where we were sitting was such small...The service was good, nice and friendly!Food...pictures looks nice and in reality it looks the same. We tried 2 different, probably, it was kind of soup, I attached pictures, and I am sorry but I didn't like it at all, especially noodles...Maybe it's not my style of food."}, {"review_id": "j1wpnaom54E3XAF9veSEbA", "user_id": "hx8-frAzY4S_3wX8YlolYg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "Probably one of the best ramen places in charlotte. The food here is exactly what you would expect, and the smells are heavenly. All the food in the soup  is warm and salty and amazing. The people here are so understanding and kind, and the ramen is also good as leftovers, just so you can stretch out the joy of eating here."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/futo-buta-charlotte-3?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]