[[{"review_id": "fhOwREw4YzcI9Nkn6a90EA", "user_id": "mk05g9ur72F3nEPtSorYMw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "so glad I forced myself to come here after already eating dinner! My boyfriend and I were on a time crunch in charlotte and wanted to hit a bunch of food places plus it was Cinco de mayo so we had to get our taco fix. What I love about the place is how it's fast casual but they still give you great service. They offer a lot of different options from arepas, tacos, burritos and even healthy options plus they have a variety of different local beers and margaritas that reasonably priced compared to most places. I ended up ordering the shredded chicken arepa which was fuegoooooooo (emphasis on the fuego) the portion they gave was a lot bigger than the ones I've had in Virginia and came out so warm and fresh. The spices and cheese were so flavorful and the dough was cooked perfectly where it was slightly crunchy but had a soft inner part. I highly recommend! I just wish they offered a chicken arepa with an avocado filling.The tacos were so authentic tasting, it was just as great as the arepa! I ordered the steak and ground beef tacos and they were so flavorful you could tell they took time to season their meat. Eating it alone was really good but when you add their salsa it made it x10 more bomb! My favorite was the jalapeño green salsa it's really good if you like that extra kick! We ended it with churros and ice cream and honestly the churros were so mouth watering, perfectly cooked and they filled it with dulce de leche which was the game changer!!! The margarita too was really good even though it was low shelf, it was way better than Hot Tacos margaritas if you've ever eaten there in charlotte. If you're ever in town or live in Charlotte, I would make this my go to for mexican food, the employees are sweet and genuinely care about their guest experiences. The guy who was going around cleaning up the tables was even really kind and kept checking how things were and if we needed anything and all the employees working seemed like they enjoyed working there."}, {"review_id": "6gVKB8ZnV3KdzN5vYKi6Sg", "user_id": "_NpJZ0q8KVI-d2YLL_VpCA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "I visited Charlotte this past weekend and when we arrived on Friday night, my friend took my sister and I straight to Sabor to grab some dinner. After a seven-hour drive, we were dying for some grub. It was a packed house so it was clear that this joint is a local favorite. There were tons of families dining in and a long ling of folks picking up. After taking a look at the menu I went with a quinoa avocado bowl. It came with quinoa and brown rice with avocado, grilled veggies, and a cilantro lime yogurt sauce. I also added shrimp. It took quite a while for our food to be prepared so I walked around and enjoy the art on the walls. They also had a salsa bar with tons of different salsas and sauces to add to your meal. Pro tip - they have a check-in offer for a free bag of tortilla chips. Score!Once our food was ready we jumped back in the car to enjoy at our friends place before the weekend shenanigans began. I really enjoyed the sauces but overall my bowl felt mushy and bland. Now, I am very much a texture person and I think this is what got me. Yes, it was rice and avocado and grilled veggies... all items that can come off mushy so maybe it was my bad. I should have remembered how much I need texture to enjoy food. I tried using the chips I got to add some crunch but they could have used more salt. Overall, this place was a solid three stars in my book. Nothing too terrible but nothing too exciting. If I lived in the area I would definitely try this spot again but likely try something different on the menu."}, {"review_id": "_3AoNP4lH9vdNviU-Prn2Q", "user_id": "g4KtDgbJaIHlLUFCs54tIw", "rating": 1.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "This is a firsthand customer experience.  I was there.  My husband was there.  Our dog was there.  We enjoy their food regularly, BUT if we can't park we can't go.  This happens a lot.   They could learn from other restaurants like Portillo's who have figured out how to speed up pick up ordering. Saturday's experience -Drove to the NoDa location. No parking.Drove to Hawthorne Lane location.  No parking.Wound up eating at Hawthorne's pizza.No, I do not work for Hawthorne's Pizza.By the way, my husband and I walked to Sabor two nights ago in NoDa and it took us about 30 minutes to get our food.  No wonder there's no parking.  Everyone is waiting on the kitchen:"}, {"review_id": "oIWrh7cOruTD6CNH9w1LJA", "user_id": "6A2PqG-KIv54JJvimsEWkw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "I've been to this location several time. The food is always delicious and service is always quick and friendly. Today I ordered 2 shredded chicken empanadas and half way through my second one, I pulled this hair out. I'm definitely disappointed and will have to reconsider coming back"}, {"review_id": "nmWm__70ixMjvdNd_RCQoQ", "user_id": "qb4l3B1VifNbkGkC61emSA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "My visit to Sabor was the beginning of a night out in NoDa and it was a great start to the night. Think of Sabor as restaurant quality food at almost fast food prices and speed which I'm really a fan of. I got the pulled chicken quesadilla and not only was it huge but delicious! I naturally got all the sauces too. Sabor also has margaritas, strong ones, which makes them a perfect way to start the night off. Oh and they're good on the flavor side of things too haha. I was so much of a fan of this place that I got it to go before a drive up to Raleigh later that weekend!"}, {"review_id": "RZpcgmB1X-QgNx9AQxYUGA", "user_id": "rK-vIBZ90hieDots3Clc4g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/9/2018", "text": "I enjoy Sabor's Elizabeth location (have not visited the others). It has a bit of an old street side cafe feel to it. The food is authentic, always accompanied by house-made salsas and sauces to add an extra kick.  I love that they offer a \"create your own bowl\" option at an affordable price. The Mexican rice as a base is delicious, filling and could almost stand alone with added veggies.Each day they provide a special including $1 Taco Tuesday and $5 Margaritas on Friday. All specials are available on their website. Heads up:- Parking can be a bit limited around rush hour times. The lot is quite small. - Online ordering is available and my order is always correct. I work close by and often order and pick up with no issues.- The Elizabeth location is a bit small (but cozy). Probably not best for large groups."}, {"review_id": "jyZgEqq1GCNzPpScueqipQ", "user_id": "Ekw7wuUTX36BtcPP6XnA-Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/10/2018", "text": "I have been wanting to try Sabor for a long time and it was worth the wait.  Stopped here for a quick lunch over the weekend and will be back.  I had the Sabor Especial Burrito with pork and it was strong.  Good flavor and amount of ingredients.  My wife had the Autenticos Tacos (Steak and Shrimp).  She liked both but said the Shrimp was the best.  Also had the Empanadas and Chips.  Really enjoyed the Chips and the Empanadas were ok.  I am not a fan of cheese in my empanadas so that may be the reason.Service was quick and efficient.  Everything is pretty much self service.  You get drinks, salsa and pick your food at the counter.  Vibe was cool and relaxed.  I will repeat often"}, {"review_id": "E5UFaUYvuV65ZMgj9UjDLA", "user_id": "7kgmDR7So2cNJ5U00ImVGA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/20/2018", "text": "I don't get it. I just don't get it.Call me crazy, but I don't think there is anything that special about Sabor or its menu or it's flavors. It's not line-waiting worthy and I don't think the portions are that big.Food was fine, but I definitely wouldn't venture out of my way. Especially with their parking situation."}, {"review_id": "h43krtpM0K-PiUGPByGBLA", "user_id": "sVsa-Pev3zKy4Nm-0kTLXQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/5/2018", "text": "I have ordered many times through Postmates/Door Dash from but finally got a chance to go on a Taco Tuesday.Short version: Food is good, service is great, place is super casual and has parking. Would definitely recommend checking it out and would definitely return.Long version: Sabor is a walk up to the counter to place your order type of place that does tacos (authentic and not authentic), Tortas (sandwiches), Burritos, and other delicious mexican inspired \"fast foods\". My party and I ordered a variety of different tacos, Dominican nachos ( now called Yuca Sabrosa) , a Torta Riki Plantain and an Empanada. My favorites where the Dominican Nachos, the shrimp tacos and steak Tacos Locos (has added chorizo). The veggie taco was not even worth ordering to be honest, there was nothing all that great about. The other tacos where good but I just really like the shrimp and steak ones. I order Al Pastor as well but they had no pineapple so I feel like the full flavor wasn't there.The Torta Riki Plantain was a Sandwich with fried sweet plantains and ground beef. It was good but not my thing...I was expecting a sandwich where the plantain was being used as the bread not that the plantain would be sandwiched itself but it was good.The empanada was also good. I was hoping it would be baked but it was fried...still tasty though. A member of the party ordered the Elote and said it was amazing. A couple of people  ordered margaritas but did not like them at all. Overall, the service was very friendly. All of the food was fresh. The staff keeps everything clean and seem to be very organized. Everyone was helpful regardless of whether we needed a cup for water or bags to pack up leftovers.Love this place and we totally return. My advice is to try out on another day that isn't Tuesday. I feel like when I have ordered food on other days, the flavor of everything was just slightly better."}, {"review_id": "lBP2Rc4-lWrFaRItaSTANw", "user_id": "Chzcoy_mg6WQohk6WdeW4g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/2/2018", "text": "This location is different than the new Southpark location. They don't give you a number and bring your order to the table. Instead, they call your name from the counter and you go grab your food. Either way, the food is so good. If you get the large queso, guac, or pico, you get free chips. And it's a lot of chips. My favorite day is $1 taco Tuesday, obviously. You can add cheese for .20! Veggies are free, so I add cheese and lettuce, then add some verde salsa and it is amazing. I haven't had the nachos yet, but I've seen them come across the counter and they look great too. They don't hold back on the portion sizes so you definitely get your moneys worth no matter what you order. My next stop is the newer one near Carolina Place Mall. I'm interested in how they operate over there since each one seems a little different. Regardless, if you're not hitting up Sabor once a week, you're missing out on some of the best that Charlotte has to offer."}, {"review_id": "5QQ1Jom0MFrla9CD6Mp9mQ", "user_id": "APoAugdz6nscL4HjF4Oryg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/26/2017", "text": "A couple of colleagues and I decided to meet up for a casual dinner at Sabor Latin Street Grill.  Back then, there was a ton of trolley construction, so parking and stuff could be a little difficult.  Not sure if that is still the case.Anyway, the place was PACKED.  Know why?  Because it was Taco Tuesday!  I had no idea about the $1 taco specials here until I showed up at a packed house on Taco Tuesday.  Seems like a pretty darn good deal for dinner if you ask me.  I didn't choose to get any of the $1 tacos since I wanted some other \"speciality\" ones.There is no waitstaff at this restaurant - you pick up your food and find a place to sit.  Theres a decent number of tables and booths available, but you may have to wait/stalk a table when its busy.We got a side of guacamole which was very fairly priced and came with unlimited chips.  Fresh, well made guacamole that probably could have used a teeeeeny more salt, but whatever.  I got all my tacos \"Autenticos\" - cilantro (YUM), diced onion, and a lime wedge - just the way i like it.  I got the grilled steak and al pastor tacos, which were not part of the deal.  They were well seasoned and the meat was tender, but I wouldn't call this super *authentic* tacos.  Probably the best you can find in Charlotte, but I've had better tacos elsewhere.  The good thing about Sabor is that they have a crazy amount of different salsas and hot sauces you can put on your taco that definitely spruce it up.I got an elote (grilled corn) as well and I wasn't a huge fan.  I'm spoiled by the delcious elote back in NYC.I also recommend getting a Jarrito.  I always get a tamarind Jarrito at every taco place I go to for some reason.  Yum sugar."}, {"review_id": "jt3NZQSIIWW41foYn6O0fA", "user_id": "VVxDe3-2NdjFPRj1z8Fpgg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/22/2018", "text": "Calories and SAZON and good music and YUM. DELICIOUSNESS. I would describe this as Latin-American/Carribean-American food with the chef's own little twists to the recipes. This place is not authentic Latino food, it's sort of their own recipes and twists on some popular Latino recipes. Nevertheless, very tasty. They have a good menu with plenty of variety. The portions are big and guaranteed to leave you with some leftovers to take home. I would recommend the nachos or the arepas. It's not expensive so it works if you're not looking to spend too much. The employees are very friendly and knowledgeable, and the merengue and reggaeton in the background makes this place even more appealing to anyone who enjoys Latin music or a good lively beat."}, {"review_id": "_U6XjLVjMTEodFf9EH3nsg", "user_id": "B9YMVBMPL2p1A-mkYZO5uA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "They almost got a bad review cause it took forever to get my food (thought they lost lit ) but it's just really busy. Got my steak tacos and I see what all the fuss is about... freaking amazing!!"}, {"review_id": "BXMNVuJc8cuwQ2NBzOBY4g", "user_id": "3HO8JhkD6F4xq4DfzzNfBA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/20/2017", "text": "TACO TUESDAYS FOR THE WIN!!! Dollar tacos? You can't beat that. They have choices of Shredded Chicken, Grilled Beef, Grilled Veggies, and Black Beans. I came with some friends and this was our first time here so we just talked to the cashier a bit just to get a feel of the menu and what he recommended. We still got tacos because that's what we came for, but there are many other menu items I want to come back and try! I got 2 Shredded Chicken tacos, 2 Grilled Beef, and 1 Grilled Veggies. The food came out pretty quick, as the chefs were workin' real hard for the bustling crowd and cranking out taco after taco. I loved the grilled beef and shredded chicken but the grilled veggies were not that good. It had this weird taste in the veggies and I just did not like it. There is limited seating and it's very tight so it gets a little overwhelming. Also, parking SUCKS. I ended up parking in the neighborhood and walking. Funny story, I was sitting down about to eat and I stood up to take a picture if the tacos. Right when I did, sweet tea shot at my seat and all over my boots   Another customer was trying to get sweet tea when the spigot fell off so sweet tea shot out everywhere. Luckily the staff was extremely quick to save the sweet tea and the customers from the potential disaster. The kind guy who was our cashier from earlier apologized because he knew it was our first time and was sorry this happened! It was okay though and quite a fun experience and I really appreciated him for saying that because it shows that they have good customer service."}, {"review_id": "lDVLClA2nUyZFzlpY5LwwQ", "user_id": "qKSg0ABP9A41IS7oQV6cYg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/11/2017", "text": "Good food for a good price. Easily one of the best lunch spots in the area. It can be busy, and the space isn't that large, but I haven't encountered any problems with being unable to get a seat.The Monday lunch special is the best, $6 for a 3 Amigos burrito and a drink. It's pretty hard to beat that considering the burrito you get is really, really big.If you haven't eaten here before, it is worth giving a shot."}, {"review_id": "MMhZrc9WBDrzJMPDsVef1Q", "user_id": "JPhxXR7YuHr4mV0zD-Ad6A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/6/2018", "text": "I'm not sure how I've gone so long without this place! I really enjoyed the ability to make my own plate with different small options (mix and match). Checked out their specials and they seem to have one every day which is great. Can't beat the flavor or the price!"}, {"review_id": "ez8yY6Qn9NS7vcS_2ETm0A", "user_id": "xhlcoVm3FOKcxZ0phkdO6Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/28/2018", "text": "Hello friends, I like this place. No parking.  Carne asada fries is the truth. Only been once so I dint have much more to offer. Sorry (insert sad face) TTFN"}, {"review_id": "aJHkiG_vCM0_rPj7svl76g", "user_id": "kjaUSiRWhR9bF9KxOMbVvg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "6/25/2017", "text": "What? Think I'm going to crash their party? 4 1/2 stars, pushing 600 reviews, I'm not going to change your mind anyway. Nor do I need to as this place is rocking some Latin/Mexican fare!  It's small, cramped, apparently no AC, but once you get your food nothing else matters!I had to get a plethora of things to sample so I went with a couple of tacos, both fish and pastor, a empanada, a arepa, and a dusted corn!The empanadas are just ridiculous!  The fried dough is obviously house made, filled with a ton of shredded stewed chicken, and perfecto cheeses!The arepa was similar without being fried, equally delicious, and with tomatoes!The fish tacos are rather large, or perhaps just filled to the brim, and just packed with great flavors and fresh fish!The pastor taco didn't lack meat either, and the first taste of the pastor has you wanting to get up to do a Mexican dance!Trust the nearly 600 reviewers and go get into your happy place!"}, {"review_id": "xiHUpALfjGH3BU7cFsY4wA", "user_id": "ey6bvlHNe7n-pSle9P1eRw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "Good mexican food. Enjoyed the tacos. The empanada was too oily but delicious!"}, {"review_id": "ABVJlh1-iRYgWdx1h7fDjA", "user_id": "hx8-frAzY4S_3wX8YlolYg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "Good food, but the people here can be quite short with you. The tacos and burritos are fantastic, and leave you filled up warm and wanting more. I would recommend to others"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/sabor-latin-street-grill-charlotte-6?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]