[[{"review_id": "hGbwXT86yLc6_xRsHjM-fg", "user_id": "XtVl3zpYwt0gdrw8smuuKQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "IF YOU ARE ANYWHERE NEAR BIDA MANDA YOU 1000% NEED TO DINE HERE. I always try to do a little research on restaurants before visiting a new place. Every article I read, Bida was on. My friend and I lucked out and scored a reservation on a Tuesday night. We started off with fresh summer rolls and chicken wings (with the sauce on the wide). The summer rolls were vey fresh, light and paired with a peanut sauce. The chicken wings had a nice deep fry and since we couldn't decide which sauce to go with (Penang curry sauce, sweet chili sauce and Lao spicy roasted habanero and peanut sauce). My favorite of the three was the curry sauce. Beware the Lao spicy roasted habanero and peanut sauce is incredibly spicy - like so spicy that they brought us a coconut and seltzer drink to counter the spice. For an entree I ordered the crispy pork belly soup. This is a huge serving! It was so delicious! All of the flavors in it worked so well together the pork belly added texture to the soup and a had a smokey flavor. I can't say enough good things about this dish. The hype was real. I am happy I got a chance to stop here."}, {"review_id": "3Qg1WfMaTGJG0HeXvl7rJw", "user_id": "1IpC-cW9MxaM9TvhjsHFeg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "I like this restaurant for a number of reasons but wouldn't necessarily say it's one of the best places in Raleigh. The space itself is in a prime location and has very unique decor. The staff is typically friendly and knowledgeable. The menu is different, even for Thai food. The cocktails are out of this world! As for the food, the shrimp pad thai is a usual pick along with the lettuce wraps and a papaya salad dish - duck is tasty. I wasn't super impressed with the saffron pancake last time, you can get more flavors and filler from a Vietnamese restaurant. The pad Thai is good, just not what you typically would think the sauce would taste like (tomato base). Even the lettuce wraps aren't typical and quite honestly have no clue what they're made of! I think I prefer coming here for the atmosphere and a cocktail but definitely give it a shot if you haven't."}, {"review_id": "8AO_LCDfUWPRY3tpnsIsCQ", "user_id": "GdbAgSjq6Wyx-LMLUeAgvQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "The service and food are so good at Bida Manda it is no wonder that it is hard to get a reservation. The prices are very affordable for what you get. I've been here a few times for date nights with my husband and it always feels like a special occasion without having to spend too much. The servers are always super nice and helpful. I like that they always ask if we are celebrating something. We went for our anniversary an they brought out delicious complimentary macarons. The curry is the best thing I have had and I go back and forth between the chicken and pumpkin. There is always enough for me to take home for a second meal, which makes it an even better deal."}, {"review_id": "aD9dQeFsi5nboCzFPW9b0A", "user_id": "ydFdeEzeMuR8gntvERfgQQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/1/2018", "text": "We found this place in a rush to the airport after a business trip.  I didn't give them the full 5 stars because I was amazed that a simple request wasn't able to be accommodated, so please if you're not in a huge rush,  don't even consider the lack of the 5th star.We were on a time crush and we called ahead of time to see if we could order something so they can start cooking it and pay by phone (as a to go order)  But either we needed to wait to get there and order or take our containers to go.  Not even eating from the containers and use one of their tables.I have to say the place is really nice, kind of Thai/hipster/modern. Their food is pretty good, but their curry options were limited to just a red/yellow curry combination. Parking can be challenging, as is street parking. Overall, I would come back to enjoy a calmer experience here."}, {"review_id": "7Hh174MX8ckRn-vVmyyiZQ", "user_id": "zMzJMNDNgX8MSsN2EygAvA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/21/2018", "text": "Every time I come to this place, it's always amazing! I love the decor, the tables, the atmosphere, the flowers, the setup, and finally the food. I ordered the Herb Salad today and it was delicious. It is served in a tilted plate and you can see all the toppings and all the delicious herbs on it. On the side, you are served with this sauce which you can pour on your salad, and I use it all.My other coworkers, ordered chicken pad Thai, chicken curry, and other items from the menu, and everything looked good. Towards the end, we got an aperitif drink which is always smoothly sweet and delicious. I can't describe what's in it except that there's coffee, sweetness, and something else, I can never tell what is it. Anyway, love coming here for lunch or dinner. Highly recommended!"}, {"review_id": "MYgNLCIGhup2NG20ab3A2g", "user_id": "wCtf5_zG8EpWiBp_Oi7P0g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/31/2018", "text": "After living in the triangle for just under two years coming up this summer, we FINALLY made it to Bida Manda! SO MANY people have told us that we needed to go here, and we used my husband's birthday as an excuse to finally make ourselves a reservation! Now for us Durham people and being people who still aren't used to driving everywhere, taking a trip out to Raleigh is a pretty big deal. But Bida Manda definitely made our drive worth it!First, before I even get to food details, their bar area here is so beautiful! It is covered with different branches over the walls and it envelops the bar space into this magical, fairy like forest feeling that I could not get enough of. It has not become a decor goal if I ever buy my own house, so just coming here to the bar I think is a win. But then you get to your table and although I didn't think the cocktails we got were that special, the food definitely made up for that lack of luster. We started with a house made sausage and their own ginger and I don't even like ginger and I couldn't stop eating this. Then to continue our meat loving adventure, we got their carmelized pork ribs that sat across rice with some grilled asparagus. The flavor of those ribs were perfect and the meat just fell off the bone. The soy marinated egg was just so so, but those ribs were spot on. But that green papaya salad with the dill and lemograss local trout? WOW. That was something special. So much flavor and I wish there was even more papaya since the fish portion was huge! The portions here are not small and my husband and I do love eating and yet we still had to ask for a to go box for our leftovers which I was really happy to do, since that meant more yummy awesome food for lunch the next day!"}, {"review_id": "w6LdTVPXYufnAMT3lT3gtg", "user_id": "-MRD72DXnVgjkM1AVFp7Nw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/11/2018", "text": "I was already having a good time in Raleigh, but this Laotian dinner sealed the deal.  Thanks, Bida Manda, for exceeding my expectations for a dining experience on South Blount Street.First, I ordered a Pina Colada & Fresh Veggie Summer Rolls.  These were both good decisions.  The Pina Colada was smooth & delicious.  The Veggie Summer Rolls & that Peanut Sauce were so good that I could honestly have ordered 2 & made a meal out of that.  With that said, thank goodness I didn't.Next, came my entree:  Manda Amphone's Curry.  According to the menu:  \"slow-cooked house coconut curry with Blue Sky Farms root vegetables, jasmine rice, & your choice of chicken or pumpkin.\"  I chose chicken.  You could really taste the slow-cooked aspect because the flavors were fantastic in a way that requires cooking something for a while.  The meat was tender, the huge chunks of veggies were delectable, and the leftovers were divine.This was sublime.  I hope this spot is still open when I can get back to R-town."}, {"review_id": "UXATh80BSkmg8j8_XmvcHg", "user_id": "TlA3oFsU4pXECfSzY3UzgQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/26/2018", "text": "Simply amazing. Just make sure you make a RSVP months in advance. This is a popular place. We went for my husband's birthday and it was one of the best meals we've had in a long time. Get the pork belly soup and the lettuce wraps. Even if its just for an appetizer and you split it with your group. It was amazing and the best we've ever had. Service was outstanding and the atmosphere is very relaxing. My only qualm with this place are the chairs. The hard metal chairs were really uncomfortable by the end of a long meal. If you're in town you have to try this place out.Cannot wait to come back here soon!"}, {"review_id": "_0KUJMJ8tIuokguNdcgbnw", "user_id": "MmQv7nXo3EKVW6ZbFBZ08A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/9/2017", "text": "Just simply awesome! The biggest problem with Bida Manda is that you can never get in even on weeknights if you want to grab dinner here be sure to look for a reservation as soon as you can. If you have to wait they have made a section of the bar specifically for people waiting to order a drink. Smart! The waiting area is small, but since the whole restaurant is small it usually isn't crazy overpacked. For dinner I have a hard time diversifying my order, I love their Sea Bass Mok, the fish is steamed in a coconut leaf with dill, other herbs, curry, and coconut cream. It melts in your mouth and is just beyond delicious! I recently went in for lunch and tried the papaya salad with crispy dill and lemon trout and it was also beyond good. My friends rave about the whole fish here as well. For me fish is the way to order when I go to Bida Manda. For appetizers the crispy rice lettuce wraps are a favorite and the Thai sweet chili chicken wings are amazing as well. Seriously, I don't think you can go wrong here! I've had the dessert trio as well and it's delicious. Service is always prompt and friendly. Writing this review makes me want to go back ASAP!"}, {"review_id": "8faf6enaUaOypXedhS71ww", "user_id": "xbjx_r-WJXwp91127EP4IA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "I tend to go to places based on yelp reviews and this place had so many good ones I had to try it! There was a 25 min wait for a table so we picked the bar! Wide open. Restaurant is small. I ordered a citrus sangria because the one other person sitting at the bar with us recommended it as she was also drinking one. It was good, it was light & went down all too well, then I had a tiny buzz. Summer rolls came with shrimp & a plum peanut sauce. Rolls were also good, need more sauce because that stuff is to die for! I ordered the pork belly curry soup & my bf the pad Thai with chicken. My soup was tasty, just the right amount of hot. My boyfriends pad Thai was also good, not the best but he ate it all no complaints, I barely got a bite! The restaurant is a little upscale, our tab was $51 for 2 at lunch but we did get 2 meals, an app & a cocktail."}, {"review_id": "km5qoKOQw8n0rOPoL3JrEg", "user_id": "FjZhuXr0bMh141AFdId7tg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/5/2018", "text": "Whenever I'm in Raleigh I always love going to Bida. The Lemon Grass Chicken with Green Papaya Salad is to die for. They have some unique drinks on the menu such as a warm cocktail with Pho broth in it. I just found out recently that they do serve desserts! But they don't have desserts listed on their menu! Wish I would have known... definitely would have been ordering."}, {"review_id": "NKFRdIgXIHDorp5vgo_9Dw", "user_id": "G2gGWqiRDZzN_UmN9eWhHA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/20/2018", "text": "Had a lovely birthday dinner here, our first time visiting. Really great experience, excellent service and the food. Oh, the food. Everything was delicious but the spring rolls and basil stir fry were standouts to me. The portions were so ample, we ate it for dinner the next day. They bring out macaroons for any celebrations...lovely treat."}, {"review_id": "YGC9-mVBjBZeLGxg3iVfLA", "user_id": "gC9fUlbyOOH_cYK7gAJe-w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "If you're in Raleigh, this place is a must!  Tried their most popular menu item: crispy pork belly soup - AMAZING!  Paired nicely with Trophy Wife IPA. Casual trendy, good crowd, friendly service. TIP: If you're flying solo, eat at the bar; otherwise, make reservations."}, {"review_id": "_kbhmugcI-zQMHoQJaxJ-A", "user_id": "VQVhi5ObTQ8PE8glP5ZITw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "9/27/2017", "text": "I want to give Bida Manda 5 starts really bad but I can't due to an incident that occurred during our visit.  I ordered the Crispy Lettuce wrap appetizer and the lemon grass sausage.  Both were excellent and I would highly recommend.  For my entrée I ordered the Green Papaya Salad with Duck.  It was good but not the best Green Papaya salad I have ever had.  The papaya was riper than what I am used to.  For the table we ordered the lamb Larb entrée and it was phenomenal.Our server was fantastic!  We had a guest at our table with a nut allergy and he ensured us that peanuts would not be a problem and explained dished that would be off limits.  The guest with  peanut allergy ordered the Green Papaya salad that unfortunately had peanuts accidently added to it.  The guest started complaining about the beginning effects of what felt like a peanut allergy outbreak when the server came over to check on us and actually noticed a peanut in his salad.  He had to leave immediately in an Uber to go take medication.  We quickly finished our meals and went home.  Unfortunately the situation ruined our dinner but the food was still good.  The server did removed his food from our bill and provided him the business card of the manager."}, {"review_id": "UQsNrVfBJT22hI5Fi3un7g", "user_id": "V4Azodys8OfXciQLRMH1dg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/7/2018", "text": "We wanted an adventure for date night, and after calling & trying to get a reservation (we soon learned that people make reservations months in advance)...we decided to just show up and try our luck. To our surprise, we were seated right away! GET THE THAI TEA. Seriously, it's amazing. We also wanted the authentic experience, so we asked our server what the most popular dish was. She said the pork belly soup, hands down! We got an order of pork belly soup and an order of pho lao.  She also brought lettuce wraps to our table because it was our first time - the flavors were different, and the rice had an interesting crunch, but overall very good! She was very friendly, and answered all of our questions. You are also served complimentary shrimp chips (kind of like salty, seafood flavored styrofoam.)The pork belly soup was good, very rich and full of flavor. My favorite was the pho lao - light, salty beef broth with rice noodles and beef. It also comes with a variety of toppings. Delicious!  I would definitely recommend this place if you're looking for a food adventure and a change of pace. The food is authentic and fresh. Ready to go back!"}, {"review_id": "9P8eRhjwb7ayVvBeDST7_A", "user_id": "JFco9A3Mmx7O4bNkuNfg1A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/25/2018", "text": "WOW! We were pleasantly surprised with our experience here. Service was prompt and friendly and food was scrumptious! Ambiance was perfect for a casual lunch or a date night. For starters, we had the Luang Prabang Lemongrass sausage and the Tom Ka Gai soup . I had the Mee Ka Tee (crispy pork belly noodle soup) and hubby had the Kao Pboun Nam Pohng (Manda's Herb Salad). Everything was SO GOOD! We're typically pretty hard to impress being that we're from NYC... especially when it comes to Asian cuisine, but this place exceeded our expectations. So glad we decided to give this place a try and we would absolutely be back ASAP to try out some other menu items!"}, {"review_id": "HQrbcjv7GCQrJXINULTZtA", "user_id": "boX5g0TBSYU50fovoaRbxQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/19/2018", "text": "LOVED this place!  Got a recommendation from the VERY helpful bartended at Foundation, so glad we tried it.We came in on a busy Saturday night, quoted 20 minute wait for seating at the bar, got seated in about 15.  The bartender was so helpful for us as this was our first time.  Very inquistive about our taste buds and/ or food/ dietary restrictions.Got the salmon and a pad thai dish- all SO SO yummy!!!  I would absolutely come back, want to try EVERYTHING!"}, {"review_id": "yjMbf_PjYZnCdynaB1FDew", "user_id": "K0XXjS0zPFCK9F88Mvx9aA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/25/2018", "text": "This may be my new favorite restaurant in the Triangle area. The Sea Bass Mok was to die for! It was so fresh and perfectly cooked. The grilled vegetables that come with it are quite tasty too! I loved trying the different cocktails they offered. I first had the Mezcalito (see photo) then another tequila cocktail that I can't recall the name of but it was made with a pepper and honey syrup and paired well with the sea bass. The others in our group really enjoyed the coffee old fashioned, very different! The green papaya salad with sea bass was a beautiful dish, & a must try if you like papaya. The appetizers we chose were they crispy lettuce wraps & crispy spring rolls with pork. Both were great, but I would recommend the spring rolls over the wraps. I would love to see the lettuce wraps have options to add in some protein. Although the trio plate dessert sounded amazing, we had to go with the macaroons-tiramisu and strawberry-the perfect way to finish off the great meal. The service was on par with everything else as well.  Although this is a little out of our way to go for dinner, it is worth the drive & we will definitely be back."}, {"review_id": "jTnHHuHvqVoYoi35OLXKlA", "user_id": "EBHH6-laDQ09vgDrETKyYQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/15/2017", "text": "I have wanted to eat here for years and it was well worth the wait! I often mentioned that we should come here and so my boyfriend surprised me with dinner here for my birthday. I love the interior decorations. The entire restaurant has a very cool vibe. The hostess was really kind and asked if we were celebrating anything special and they surprised us with a dessert sampler for my birthday! I thought that was a really nice touch. Wow. The food was so so good! Our waitress's name was Meaghan I believe and she was super helpful after realizing it was our first time here. She handled my indecisiveness wonderfully and helped me choose a plate that I absolutely loved (green papaya salad with sea bass). The sea bass melted in my mouth it was so tasty. I definitely suggest ordering the veggie spring rolls as an appetizer. UPDATE: I just found this as yet another unpublished draft (I NEED to stop doing that). Thankfully though, I can add more since we went again last night. We added the summer rolls to the appetizer lineup. While also delicious, the spring rolls still stole the spotlight. This time I tried the salmon on our waitress, Maddie's, recommendation and I loved it. It had the perfect combination of spice and flavor. My boyfriend had the ginger cashew chicken again - apparently he loved it so much the first time he had to have it again. They went above and beyond this time. Apparently our entrees were taking a while (I hadn't noticed) so they brought out a free dish of their crunchy rice for us. I will definitely order that next time, it was great! They were also super accommodating as the people with whom we ate had brought gifts and their own dessert for my birthday. Maddie was wonderful and even offered to box up the remaining dessert (despite the fact that it came from outside). Bids manda has quickly become one of my favorite restaurants in Raleigh and I cannot recommend it enough."}, {"review_id": "uYUitQeiLo9uSXCSbuarsw", "user_id": "x3QiGHndbXPakkVEcj4FRA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/21/2018", "text": "This is one of the most unique menus I've ever had the pleasure of choosing meals from. Every dish that came out had the perfect balance of flavors. A true gem from start to finish. We got the chicken wings and tried all three sauces and the crispy rice appetizer. I may name my second born \"crispy rice\". Entrees we got the pork belly soup and the shrimp and bacon crepe. The shrimp chips as a complimentary starter were a nice touch. Do not miss this restaurant. Make a reservation about 3-4 weeks out and enjoy a nice night out. Not a great spot for families- more of a date night or friends night out. Excellent ambiance and loved the servers knowledge of the menu too!! An absolute gem! Can't wait to check out brewery bhavana next door."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/bida-manda-raleigh?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]