[[{"review_id": "Wnivdt6fap1hbGuO_BjJdw", "user_id": "Zao6EM6qQTm1v2d8KiY90Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "Ohhh hello amzing cocjtau.. (The above is what I wrote after having brunch here.. yikes! Readers.. immediate post Haberdish cocktail reviewing isn't a great idea!)My word their cocktail menu is divine, absolutely loved the Pineapple Spiced Rum Punch cocktail!This is a lovely venue, spacious and modern and really lovely service. We went for brunch and had a lot of catching up to do so were there for hours and never once did we feel like anyone wanted us to go, just kept coming back for more cocktail orders.. oh wait, actually, maybe they're evil! :) Haberdish staff, thank you for making us feel welcome.On the food front, we ordered a starter of Hushpuppies. Made of cornmeal and served with sweet tea butter.. so good!Then, I had chicken & waffles. You had a choice of the type of chicken aka.. tenders or thigh. Tick here. Dining partner had the cauliflower and it was droolworthy! We also had the kale salad and mac n cheese as sides. Didn't quite finish all that.. not through lack of trying!I highly recommend this venue, even if just for that amazing cocktail (aka cocjtau) list! Thank you team Haberdish!"}, {"review_id": "q6IGYmXBbmdMeGg7s-Om4A", "user_id": "9hh1M-3aDJZVTwwYYy9AnA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "Finally got to try the infamous Haberdish! Goose got off work around 6pm on a Friday and we headed straight there. We were able to be seated right away, so I recommend going for early dinner!We got to sit on their gorgeous side patio in the lovely spring weather. There's much more space inside and on the patio than I thought! We started off with their extensive cocktail list and weren't disappointed. My spring fever was original and refreshing, and the Goose loved his take on an old fashioned. Unfortunately our luck with cocktails ran out, and the second round wasn't quite as good. I give all the props to the Goose for finishing his Gibson - it was pretty potent. Drinkers beware.As for the food, there were some huge hits and a couple of misses. The fried chicken is everything you could want and more, but the fried cauliflower was a bit of a miss. The extra greasy, crunchy coating just wasn't doing it for me. The hushpuppies are a must-try, as well as the corn bread pudding. The mac n cheese was also pretty delicious (but when is it not?). We were a little bummed because we were told they were out of the sweet potato dumplings, but then we saw them get served to a table that arrived after us. I also still find it frustrating that it's so difficult to get a table! We went back the next night at 8:30pm to get dessert and was told there would be an hour wait - yet there were plenty of empty tables. Wish they took reservations."}, {"review_id": "w02G2LsOHiMwK3tMmpA5vw", "user_id": "_NpJZ0q8KVI-d2YLL_VpCA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "Friends and I visited Haberdish for a birthday celebration and I'll be honest... being 99.9% vegetarian made me nervous about ordering off the menu. The food is served family style and it's highly southern meaning that it's just about all meat everything! I definitely felt like I was taking one for the team. However, it worked out really well and I enjoyed my time here. First, the place is beautiful! There is a ton of natural light, big windows and a patio, the whole shebang.  It was very modern farmhouse and my group was lucky enough to get seated at a giant family style farm table. We all gathered around and got lost in their drink menu. While I wasn't drinking during the visit, I did try a few of my friend's cocktails. I can't remember the names of them but they were all divine. I know one had jalapeno and cilantro in it and it was super refreshing and unique. I almost said screw it and got one but it never ended up happening. I ended up deciding to just order on my own, separate from group. I choose the kale salad, which included orange slices, goat cheese, and candied sesame with a pomegranate molasses dressing.  It was fantastic and I was left wanting more. It was fresh, had some crunch, and it wasn't too sweet. I would recommend it to anybody. The group got a few sides that I tried a bite of. I wasn't a fan of the sweet potato dumplings, simply too heavy for me. The tater tots were fantastic! A good tot might not sound like a lot to ask for but I'll tell you, it can be hard to find sometimes. The bbq glazed carrots were definitely a standout! They were cooked well and the flavor was spot on. Don't skip these puppies!To celebrate my friend's birthday, she was treated to some ice cream and we all got a few bites. It was very thick and creamy and almost tasted like cheesecake. We were all really impressed. All in all, this place is dope. If I lived near by I would imagine coming here for drinks on the patio and definitely for brunch. You should come, there's no doubt about it."}, {"review_id": "5SEo0xvFYQfjrx4qY9zS8g", "user_id": "qb4l3B1VifNbkGkC61emSA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "Family style brunch? Don't mind if I do. Haberdish offers a wide variety of souther dishes all spectacularly made with great flavors that you can share with everyone. Indecisive people like me, welcome, you're gonna love it. Think of it even as tapas style brunch. Personal favorites include chicken and waffles, hushpuppies and mac and cheese"}, {"review_id": "OeBMFyVVykxFrnuNZ76Mpw", "user_id": "zXjuuvpC6lOuBHPG9eGoxg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/26/2018", "text": "This was an unexpected find. Husband and I are walking down the street looking for a late night bite to eat on our last night in town. We walked up and down NODA to find this lovely spot. It wasn't too busy so we went on into the bar area since March Madness was on tv. We got greeted by a cool bartender (love the Legends of the Hidden temple throwback shirt) and gave us some waters while we looked at the menu.A look at the menu showed some craft cocktail drinks. I don't know how to emphasize that this was truly craft rather than just throwing that name out there. I ordered the Honey Hibiscus Punch and it has got to be one of the smoothest drinks I have ever ordered. My husband ordered the Peach Keen Punch. It had bourbon in it (something I'm not a big fan of), but after a sip - I think I could have ordered and enjoyed it myself since it was just as smooth to drink.After enjoying a few sips, we decided to order some appetizers and small plates as our late dinner. I ordered some smoked deviled eggs. Husband and I shared his mac and cheese with spicy chicken skins. He got a plate of some of their fried chicken.I like the twist on the food. I love me some deviled eggs and loved how smooth the filling was. I could taste the smoky flavors, but happily not overwhelmed. The fried chicken was tasty and the meat was tender. The mac and cheese was a big serving despite getting the smaller size. We're not big on spice, but the chicken skins were still enjoyable despite our weak palette for it.I loved the vibe of the place. It was rustic with the wood touches and felt modern with the clean lines of the place. The staff was down to earth and welcoming. A one of a kind spot with some smooth drinks and a nice twist on southern food."}, {"review_id": "WYRyn13_XhsCi_wf5Jchow", "user_id": "sgeY29fgFqACCiUtSH1MOw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "I wish, I wish, upon a star, to be eating here for dinner on a day, not too far! Bring it on. Bring it all on. I'm trying to rationalize going out to eat again (okay, look, it's hard to get to uptown when you live at the lake.) I'm impressed, and presently salivating at the memory of my dinner. For starters...they use Springer Mountain Farms chickens which are vegetarian fed and pesticide/antibiotic/hormone free. The quality starts in the ingredients, I'm sure we can all agree. The entrees are served a la carte which allows for some flexibility in your dinner plate! I ordered a biscuit, one chicken tender, sweet potato dumplings, mac and cheese, cauliflower steak and a kale salad. I'm going to break this down for you, mostly because each item rocked my socks. Biscuit- unique, flaky, buttery, and must have had an egg wash on top for the glossy finish it had. Served with a butter so tasty-so sweet that they must have churned it while whispering it sweet nothings. Chicken tender-meaty, moist, juicy, and the breading was flavorful and actually stuck to it. I don't know about you, but when the breading falls off, it makes me sad. High-fives! Mac and cheese- cheesy and delicious. Not the best I've had, though. Probably would pass on this one going forward. Kale salad- this salad was stupid good. It could have been the candied benne mixed with the oranges and goat cheese, maybe it was the pomegranate molasses dressing. I don't know. But I was nursing this salad like it had no tomorrow. So. Good. Cauliflower steak- since when do you swoon over cauliflower? Oh yea, since eating here. The flavor profile is so complex and tasty! The serving size was huge! You never know with vegetable steaks the size you're getting, and they didn't disappoint. It was delicious! Crispy edges, just what you need. Sweet potato dumplings- brown butter, sage, and parm. Say it with me (in your best southern woman voice) \"Lawwwwwd have mercy!!!\" These dumplings brought me to my knees. It was a religious experience. You think I'm kidding? I literally thanked God then and there for the genius minds that concocted this heavenly dish. I have never had sweet potato dumplings before, and now I can say I need no other. They kind of taste like gnocchi in regards to their texture, which makes sense because it's potato based. When you're willing to go back to a restaurant for their SIDE DISHES (and that's in no way a slam to their entrees which are amazing) that is a testament to the genius in the kitchen here. They had a nice variety on their drink menu. I was a little unbalanced when my brut sparkling wine was sweet, but it was still good. The Tannat red wine was so smooth and even bodied! Definitely the best wine I've ordered at a restaurant--great item on the wine list. We also utilized the NoWait app which allowed us to grab drinks somewhere else and be notified when our table was ready. Very nice! True southern cuisine, my friends. I'm looking forward to a brunch here!"}, {"review_id": "Fzq2pFFDkunzCoWg5Tp4ow", "user_id": "PkZxYqw3EG_WssA2KTKSpw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/24/2018", "text": "As I am from the Midwest, I wanted a true southern dish and MAN this was the place to go! It is the CUTEST place in Noda (a cute little strip of bars, shops, restaurants and breweries in Charlotte). The moment you walked in, you were greeted with a smile and we sat down at the bar. They had creative and delicious different drinks (a bit spendy I must say). But the food was even better! I split a side of macaroni and cheese with fried chicken skin (this could easily be a meal). Tip - you HAVE to get the fried chicken skin, great taste and crunch! Then we ordered a fried chicken sandwich drizzled with homemade honey mustard and sandwiched between a homemade biscuit. I am already started to drool as I remember how amazing it was. You will be extremely full after, but it will be so worth it!"}, {"review_id": "KDykm1V20fXTWN66QrwMJQ", "user_id": "Wx91MbpHKLnGrY2gEULLMg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/23/2018", "text": "When in Charlotte on business I enjoyed my trip Haberdish. When you come you really have to expect Carolina southern cooking. I enjoyed biscuits covered in bacon jam, fried chicken, hush puppies, cheese straws, brussel sprouts, and sweet potato dumplings. I would most recommend the fried chicken, hush puppies, and brussels sprouts. I also liked the drink selection here and the way it was described by our server. Specifically how strong the drinks were, what kind of flavor I can expect, etc. You should visit you won't be disappointed."}, {"review_id": "f67619PKHcSAt_oMyZCpAw", "user_id": "rgiPHZo_gt39TOMfpDISbw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "Was very excited to try this location after walking around NoDa and I have to say the previous reviews were spot on! The place was great, we had the hush puppies, biscuits and jam, large okra, mac and cheese, chicken tenders and waffle sundae. Everything was delicious but by far the best item on the menu kale salad! The atmosphere of the restaurant was very similar to the NoDa environment being hipster/trendy. Our waiter was great, checked up on us every couple of minutes and made sure that we didn't run out of coffee or water. Its definitely a great place for breakfast, lunch or a good old brunch!"}, {"review_id": "dUa7CPtH5A3YpGkhmlrJ8w", "user_id": "EKPBv1PxuDVDEnr0VeXtdA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "This place was amazing! It's a beautiful restaurant with a good drink menu and delicious food. We started with the deviled eggs, house made pickles, and hush puppies, all really good. Then has chicken tenders, creamed kale grits, and the mac and cheese. Everything was shareable so and portioned perfectly for two people. Our server was awesome! No bad recs. The drinks are good too!!"}, {"review_id": "1YgUjvbCNiBnNydpGJ4v2A", "user_id": "gKKfktjb4w7oujcHM6_7aQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "Found this little gem on Yelp. It was in a great neighborhood, and luckily when we arrived there was no line to get in. Wow! The cocktails here looked amazing; however, after a weekend of wedding celebrations I was in no mood. We arrived during late brunch and decided to sample quite a few items. Tater tots: DeliciousChicken Tender: To die for... wow!Kale grits: Oh so goodGrits on Special: meh.The service was great, but do not come here if you are in a rush or have a flight to catch because you may start to panic at the end when you can't pay your bill because the waitress if having a full on convo with another table. Go when you need an Easy like Sunday morning sort of meal. Alrighty, that's it. Hit this place up, it will not disappoint."}, {"review_id": "bLsEpRIeKHGOSeN1OhynHw", "user_id": "d04xE1PZBsfk9PY_oVIsMg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/15/2018", "text": "Everything about this place was totally up my ally.  I am a sucker for those hipster places and this is one of them.  It had a cute rustic feel inside and the interior was very cute.  I got a seat at the bar, the bartender was very attentive.I ordered 3 small dishes, I went for the charred okra with bacon jam, savory corn bread pudding, and pickled beets.  Loved the charred okra and with the bacon jam it was a perfect combination!  The savory corn bread pudding was very good, if you like corn bread and bread pudding; definitely order this.  I am a huge fan of pickled beets so this was right up my ally.Overall great spot and very affordable.  All 3 dishes came out to $20 with tax and tip!"}, {"review_id": "FO78EYLrYJO_PvNYlZtgwA", "user_id": "QGOtNZfasBwWCuawKjypYA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/3/2018", "text": "I've been wanting to try Haberdashery since they opened and I finally made it out. We went for a team lunch on Friday and they were serving their brunch menu. I just got the fried chicken thighs and I thought it was the best fried chicken I've ever had (way better than Price's Chicken Coop). I also sampled hush puppies, mac and cheese, the cinnamon roll, and the waffle. The hush puppies with the sweet tea butter were also the best I've ever had. The mac and cheese was just ok. The cinnamon roll was pretty good, but it's was more of a dry crumbly biscuit and I prefer doughy. The caramel sauce served with it was incredibly good though. The waffle was also very good. The decor of the restaurant is really well done. It's probably one of my favorite in Charlotte. This is definitely the place to come if you're looking for some amazing fried chicken and all around good Southern food!"}, {"review_id": "_QfdqQ_WzkA055M-oENXZQ", "user_id": "LwvPZ1bQt5-Zl1xxPberVQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/9/2018", "text": "Lots of hype here for Haberdish, which wasn't a huge surprise because it's in Noda and everyone Plaza and Noda adds a .5-1 stars because these are 'cool/hip' spots.We went here for dinner on a Saturday and used the NoWait app....Good news we were 78th in line! (With this kind of wait, this place must be giving away free biscuits) A mere 3.5 hrs later we made it to a table.Unfortunately no free biscuits...but we soldiered on.  The place was jam packed but had a pretty cool look and feel.  I would probably enjoy the bar area on a lower key night and grab some apps and drinks.  We ordered some apps and eventually some friend chicken.  The food was fine/good.  The theme with this place is 'fried'.  Everything is heavy and you will feel it.  (Side note: In general people rave about fried chicken, but no matter how 'great' it is, it still a max 5/10 good in terms of food).  As long as you are good with fried and heavy food, then you will be a fan of Haberdish."}, {"review_id": "8ffZJEsCxgSTb4RWTs_BaA", "user_id": "vRMlt2TBsH5_efNSJLGD7w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "Finally made it to Haberdish for dinner, and can say it was very much worth it!  Everything was delicious. They always have a wait and I hate lines which is why it has taken me so long to visit this fine establishment, but I think that speaks well to the quality of their food and friendly waitstaff. We ordered a medium punch bowl as our drink of choice - the hibiscus one and it was wonderful and refreshing!  For apps/snacks we got both the pimento cheese ball (comes with crackers and apples!) and the hush puppies, which come with sweet tea butter, and omg are those good!I recommend treating it like tapas and sharing a bunch of things.  We each ordered two of the chicken strips and then split a bunch of slides. Do make sure you try the fried chicken or chicken strips because they are worth it!For sides, we shared mac and cheese of course, a daily special of hot kale and bacon with goat cheese (so good), and the okra - and I don't usually like okra but these were so great, and not fried! Definitely need to give this place a try if you haven't and brave the lines, or call ahead for a seat! Next, I need to try the brunch!"}, {"review_id": "6_c22ju51tAO2jsorRvX4Q", "user_id": "n-WZFZ2fcWezhtf69jzncg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "Cute little spot that could REALLY benefit from learning how to take reservations. The \"wait in line\" app is so annoying. It's inaccurate and not much different from a reservation.However, the food was really good! We got the smoked deviled eggs and biscuits with bacon jam to start. Then we both got a single chicken tender and shared the sweet potato dumplings and kale salad. Must be the best chicken tender I've ever had. MUST BE! I wanted everything on the menu, but my stomach wouldn't allow."}, {"review_id": "Ov-8HV7nMmeW9H8WVtLiMA", "user_id": "98D4Nr5H6WcbYhAyG8GsIw", "rating": 1.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "I've heard and seen so much hype surrounding haberdish, especially about its brunch so we decided to try it out on a Sunday morning! 1st of all we we're told they don't serve brunch on Sundays! WOW WHAT? We were told by our waitress it was served during the week so now we have to shift our focus to lunch unless we wanted chicken and waffles, the only breakfast on the menu. Well we we're next to a Large party of people who received all of our waitresses attention! We were told that at about 1145 AM they were out of Tater Tots, then after making other selections we finished our orders and proceeded to wait about 20 to 30 mins then our food came surprisingly my food was Good, i had the smoked chicken with macaroni & cheese, and kale grits instead of the Tots. The grits was just ok needed salt and pepper which we didn't have on the table, we had to ask the host and hostess for extras we needed which they helped out! But my wife's chicken and waffles were cold not even warm enough to melt the butter and the sugar sprinkled on the top was too hard to eat. So unfortunately our impression didn't live up to the Hype!"}, {"review_id": "p8be7Pijpva8AYrcLiRK2Q", "user_id": "5jJjY5_R06Og56VfjIc66A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/16/2018", "text": "Man, oh Maneschevitz!! This place is Great!!! Yes, I must admit I was probably a Doubting Thomas when it came to the reputation at Haberdish. Until I got an invite to sup and dug a little deeper. 331 reviews with a 4.5 star average with most of the complaints being a policy of not taking reservations. I can totally understand from a management perspective of not wanting to deal with the headaches of taking reservations! It probably makes life so much easier!We used the App and waited only about 15 minute before being seated on the covered patio. Love the detail oriented design/décor that focuses on conservation and recycling. The outdoor section was surprisingly toasty and festive for December.The Yelpers I roll with like to go whole hog - and boy did we - we ordered about every side they had some chicken tenders and starters. The Smoked deviled eggs and hushpuppies were excellent (perhaps egg-cellent) and love the addition of Sweet Tea Butter with the pups. Soooo  after eating massive quantities of Tater Tots (house made), corn bread pudding, charred okra, glazed carrots, mac and cheese with crispy chicken skins, kale grits, pickled coleslaw and sweet potato dumplings, there were some definite stand outs but no losers. For me the sun beamed down on the Kale Grits, Glazed Carrots and Okra - all of these had a special twist that really made them shine.The servers are really on top of things here - love the cocktails and beer selections and the kitschy mismatched dishes. All the food/dishes were presented timely and hot - what a beautiful and delicious spread!\"And then I ate their grits and now I'm a believer!\""}, {"review_id": "5CxhoRWEfjQ-O2VmPbdSBw", "user_id": "oicK5Gh7Sp5wZ5ulsDvMzw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "I loved this experience! I did so much researching before we came to Charlotte on the best spots to go and this one was at the top of many lists. I LOVED the vibe here, both the indoor and outdoor seating were nice and it just felt so trendy. We came early and were second in a long line and by noon this place was packed. Cocktails: I got the spiked pineapple cocktail, which could be skipped, go for the instagram worthy mint julep instead. If something is supposed to have jalapeños I want to taste that spice and this one lacked (just tasted of pineapples and no cool flower in my drink either). Food: We split a bunch of stuff which I thought was the way to go. You can skip the deviled eggs, they were good but nothing out of this world. I would definitely order the hush puppies and the biscuits, but the stars of the entire meal were the chicken tenders and the corn bread pudding. That fried chicken was some of the best I've ever had and the corn bread pudding was such an unexpected pleasant surprise. It had a perfect char and the combination with the gruyere cheese was amazing. Awesome spot in NoDa! I'm coming back for that mint julep!"}, {"review_id": "d2Cy92oWrJElA07Wpw7bjg", "user_id": "hr3iSHRh59DhFX8dn_UReg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/24/2018", "text": "This is a long over due review. We went to Haberdish with a large group of 10 people (this is to be avoided in the future as the restaurant isn't really able to accommodate this large of a party -- reserve for date night or dinner with one other couple). Although we called ahead, used no wait app -- we still waited 40 minutes. The wait really wasn't a huge deal to me. We posted up by the bar, perused the cocktail list and got busy sipping! I ordered 'The Local Melon' - Doc Porter's vodka watermelon and lime juice, sweet basil bitters, cracked black pepper and a salted rim. It was divine! I made the mistake of adding it without the flowered ice cube. The second one I ordered I got the flowered ice cube. Note: do not forget to ask for the ice cube. While their drinks can stand on their own as far as looks and taste go... they become instantly Instagram enviable when you get the gorgeous ice cube!! Once we were seated, we ordered biscuits and bacon jam for the table. The biscuits were good - not great. I love a really fresh and fluffy biscuit. These were a little denser and drier. The bacon jam though -- I'm currently licking my lips thinking about it -- yes, it was that good! I ordered the roasted chicken and sweet potato dumplings. My goodness! Those little dumplings were delicious! Tender and sweet. I highly recommend them. The roast chicken was actually very tender and juicy. I really liked it. I know most people come for the fried chicken (which my husband ordered and it was great) but be open to the roasted chicken if you feel you need something lighter - you will not be disappointed. The ambience is cool. Lots of grey shiplap interior. With sort of an old timey feel. Very clean. There is a cool exterior area that I would love to be seated in next time I'm there. Overall-I was really pleased with our experience and I look forward to our return."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/haberdish-charlotte?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]