[[{"review_id": "STmchw9roFmQP8fpyOZaWQ", "user_id": "Wx91MbpHKLnGrY2gEULLMg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/23/2018", "text": "Impeccable service, excellent food.I came to Charlotte on business. A friend of mine and I came to the Fig Tree and hopes of having a really nice meal. They did not disappoint. Once here we couldn't decide on an entrée originally we were both thinking scallops but then when our waitress told us the specials we were dying for the bass too. We decided that we would each get one and ultimately divide between us and share. Well imagine our surprise when we had 2 complete meals delivered to us in halved portions. Amazing.For dessert we had the 'beignets', while not what you traditionally think of when you hear beignets, they were excellent with the cafe gelato Enough said! Food was delicious service was excellent, thanks for the great meal."}, {"review_id": "MlZYdqT2vV4JIkPPwDNe4w", "user_id": "ub7Ante8rFffJoxeE33Y3g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "Located inside Charlotte's Elizabeth neighborhood, an upscale area with limited parking. The historic Lucas House is occupied by the Fig Tree Restaurant, which is named after the 4 brown turkey fig trees on premise. If you enter through the patio, that's the side door. You'll want to go around to the front. The elegant home sets the perfect mood for a date. The ambiance is made with the perfect lighting with a choice of indoor and outdoor seating. This place is very conservative in their dress code. No hats, turn your cell to silent, no open shoes, etc. A great place to take your significant other. The Chef Greg  Zanitsch, is known for his quality ingredients and his wine pairings. The menu features 8 appetizers ranging from $10 - $20, 4 soups and salads $6- $8, 10 entrees from $25 - $45, desserts, and a wide selection of wines. I visited on a Tuesday night at 5:30pm and took the last parking spot, in search of Foie Gras. I loved their pan seared Foie Gras (Fatty Duck Liver). It was perfectly plated over a stone ground grit cake with bacon praline and cranberry gastrique. The Escargo was served with cremini mushrooms in a pool of creamy gorgonzola sauce. The sauce was delicious with the tableside bread. You dip. I dip. We dip. yumm. I challenge you not to fill up on the bread and gorgonzola. The special was grilled octopus served with potatoes, and chorizo. It had a yellow curry seasoning, not my kind of thing, but I can tell was well put together. For dessert, was a layered pastry puff, with basil meringue, and a lime chip. I appreciated the different textures, but it didn't blow my mind. I wish I had gotten the Beignets. Since this was my after-dinner meal, the tab was only $61. The service started out great, but slowed down toward the end of the dinner.I can't wait to come back to have some ELK!"}, {"review_id": "gUylF_Vtq40qbpzwhm2GLw", "user_id": "-SA4H0t1AhvFzJSSjao2tw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/2/2018", "text": "My boyfriend and I had a wonderful experience at The Fig Tree on Thursday night! Service was fabulous, they were very attentive and had great suggestions for wine. We started off with the escargot with mushrooms and a crostini in a gorgonzola sauce and one of the specials of the night, a gruyere tart with pickled carrots and candied walnuts. The escargot was fantastic - I could not stop dipping the made from scratch focaccia bread in the leftover sauce. The gruyere tart was tasty, but I found that the flavor of all the components were too strong when eaten separately. Once I had a bite with all components, the flavors balanced out.Entrees came with the house salad or an assortment of salads or the daily soup for an extra charge. We both went with the tomato bisque and it was to DIE FOR. You must get it if it's available! We both ordered one of the specials as our entrees--I got the cod with a mushroom and red pepper risotto with asparagus and a lemon butter caper sauce and my boyfriend ordered the ostrich with whipped potatoes and asparagus and a Roquefort sauce. While his dish was delicious (the Roquefort sauce was super flavorful and paired so well with the rest of the dish), mine left something to be desired. The lemon butter caper sauce was incredible, but the cod on it's own lacked any seasoning. The risotto was tasty but had an overwhelming red pepper taste that I wish was more subdued.We also shared the dark chocolate hazelnut tart for dessert and it was so tasty! The tart was super rich but was balanced so well with the hazelnut ice cream and the salty hazelnut brittle. All in all, it was a good experience and I would love to return to try the rest of the menu."}, {"review_id": "Vydw87ktNDTyzymW2fP43A", "user_id": "QGKOTCbS-gpAMWPADGmf0w", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/1/2018", "text": "My husband is a huge meat eater and has been wanting to come to The Fig Tree for the elk so we settled on coming it for a recent date night. As far as ambiance and service, this place is amazing. Where it is a tad underwhelming to me is the actual food. I ordered a veal special that including mushrooms, spinach and other tasty toppings. My husband ordered the elk. I thought mine was good but nothing too amazing. It also didn't come with a side so we ended up adding whipped potatoes to our order. Everything I ordered was pretty good but not anything that wowed me. My husband liked his meal a lot. He commented on the sear on the outside of his elk being tasty but also on the portion being smaller than he expected (and smaller than the pictures we had seen on Yelp). In the end, he gives the overall experience and food 4 stars and I give it 3. While it was good, nothing (in my opinion) warranted the steep prices. For me, there are much more memorable high end spots on Charlotte that I would rather go to."}, {"review_id": "GsNDGzFkyd7OB7gQke7W7Q", "user_id": "sl2R5RFdX1QBQX66T_IGwg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/21/2018", "text": "So I couldn't help but read some negative reviews on this place early in the day yesterday... they were disheartening as I had specifically chosen this for birthday dinner with my girls... All of my fears were laid to rest from the moment I arrived!I showed up early for our reservation and was seated VERY promptly.  Water was poured, and I ordered a cocktail... I'm a bourbon girl, so the \"Thirst and How\" with Bulleit sounded like just the thing... and it was!  The weather was super nice yesterday evening, so we asked if we could have our table transferred to the porch/patio... it was done in a flash without so much as a flicker of an eyelash... I'm telling you... the service here is spectacular. They make you feel RIGHT at home!  We all selected our orders for the night (I got the scallops on couscous which is served with a salad... I asked for the spinach salad with goat cheese...) and delicious bread was brought out along with a little dish of pureed roasted garlic... WOW!  That garlic along with the rosemary olive oil on the table and the sea salt crust on the top of the bread... le YUM!!The spinach salad was delightful... tossed in a light dressing with big chunks of bacon and lovely tufts of goat cheese... the whole thing was so delicious, I could've eaten a mixing bowl full of it!  The scallops were perfectly cooked, crusted on the top but not overly done... the bed of couscous was spicy and cooked with chorizo, and there was a little bit of asparagus on top... The dish was delightful... but I had to have the last bit boxed up to save room for DESSERT!!!  I had the dark chocolate torte... I have no words for it... just go... If you are super fussy about paying good money now and then to eat GOOD food well prepared, then sure... you're going to feel like this place is an expense, because (and here's the truth) it IS an expensive restaurant... but (and I mean this with all of my heart) it's WORTH IT!  From the service, to the atmosphere, to the wine and cocktail offerings, to the well prepared, delicious food, to the last scrape of fork to plate... this is an experience well worth paying for!Bon Appétit!"}, {"review_id": "-pxANjji_YeqdJATSpjznQ", "user_id": "3xmYx2vCd34xSJwwsjr7ow", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "Visiting Charlotte for the first time.  Went to dinner with 2 friends Wednesday evening. Made reservations for 6pm. The fig tree is about 1 mile from the Sheraton/ let meridian.Seated immediately. Our waitress Samantha was excellent! Started us with complementary homemade focaccia bread and garlic butter. For appetizers we shared stuffed calamari and octopus.  Very extensive wine menu.  Bread and appetizers were excellentI had the barramundi with lobster, and tasted the elk chops and scallops.  All 3 were outstanding!  Ended our meal with brown butter pistachio bar- red beet ice cream with honey comb and toasted candies pistachios.  Amazingly delicious.Restaurant ambiance =5 Service = 5Food = 5+Highly recommend and will return if I am in Charlotte again."}, {"review_id": "Nh-JL1JFCNEMysSDjfbWxA", "user_id": "0KGCdp9W8jz9KJRsABb66g", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/18/2018", "text": "Hiding behind a quaint and cozy ambiance of a restaurant situated in an old house, you will experience the over-priced and mediocre food of The Fig Tree Restaurant. The service was...interesting. The wait staff seemed mentally preoccupied and our waiter in particular was difficult to understand. Sitting outside on the front porch (they like to refer to it as the covered dining area) was great. Loved the vibe out there. The menu is small, which was promising for me. I was very excited to finally be trying this place. I ordered the heart of ribeye special and it was a joke. The polenta was done as it should be, and the fig demi-glacé had a nice flavor, but the meat was just off; way overcooked and very tough. My girlfriend ordered the salmon and at $36 I expected something that was at least a decent sized portion. Instead, she got a quarter sized piece of a salmon filet, situated on top of some basic risotto. Our salads were not impressive either. My spinach tasted and smelled kind of old. Overall, a pretty disappointing experience. I'm not quite sure how they managed #2 in the \"Top 50 Restaurants of Charlotte\" list. I would rather go spend $200 on a meal of delicious small plates before going back to Fig Tree. Not the worst meal I've ever had, but way overpriced for what you get and really missing the mark in some simple areas. Truly a 3/5; mediocre."}, {"review_id": "UvIIOkRvqnALohP7OxrdcQ", "user_id": "RBNPf_GF8dWlWPxWvkyJXw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/1/2017", "text": "My husband and I came here for our anniversary dinner after hearing rave reviews, and this restaurant certainly lived up to its name! We had reservations, which I highly suggest making, even for a Sunday, just to be on the safe side. We started with the scallop appetizer, which I highly recommend. There were two scallops and they were absolutely delicious! The crust on top, paired with the sweet potato/potato concoction was melt in your mouth phenomenal and I wish I had 10 of them. For the entree, my husband when with the elk. He loved it, and said medium rare was the perfect temperature. The sides, he said, weren't matching the caliber of the elk, with the spaetzle taking like straight smoke. I ordered the grouper with lobster, and the grouper was clearly fresh and prepared beautifully. I also loved the black rice it was served with, both in taste and color contrast to the white grouper and lobster. We passed on their desserts, even though they sounded amazing, as we had some frozen wedding cake for our one year anniversary. The servers provided us with two small truffles, that tasted like fall heaven. They even wrote happy anniversary on our plate in chocolate. It's the touches like that that make the fig tree the place that it is. I highly recommend it for a special occasion."}, {"review_id": "Dk72Tdn2u5SvC7uhpPQwPg", "user_id": "rtftj2zzfMiDSlq1xFZ9Rg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/21/2018", "text": "Ridiculous!! This restaurant is the absolute best in town for fine dining!  If you haven't been, I highly recommend. My wife and I went to the Fig Tree for a nice dinner prior to going to see a play.  I ordered the Elk Chop and she had the Stripped Bass on risotto. Both dishes were to die for!  We started out with the cheese plate which I would recommend. The chefs really know what their doing. Many comments say the price is too high. I disagree, it is about right when comparing higher class restaurants."}, {"review_id": "56tqaQJlM_FMgDFWU9yKlQ", "user_id": "gZbs_UjGkfGr6iIIQyuQlw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/29/2018", "text": "The majority aren't wrong that the food is excellent but at the same time I'm only giving four stars because there wasn't anything that left me positively blown away (and I'm trying to be more realistic about my 5 star reviews - I've been too nice).  We went on NYE and they had hats on the tables which was cute.My boyfriend ordered the elk and was in love, I ordered the scallops and enjoyed but have had equally good scallops at other nice restaurants.  I was most impressed with their seasonal cauliflower bisque - simple but very flavorful and creamy.  Something else I particularly enjoyed about their menu is the few items that were samplers - they had oysters prepared three different ways as an appetizer, and there was also a macaron dessert with a sampling of different flavors.  I got the oysters and loved having some variety there.I was sad that when I ordered the seasonal gingerbread crème brûlée, I had gone to the restroom before it arrived and they did a sort of deconstructed take on the traditional dessert and broke a sugar disc with a spoon rather than brûlée-ing the top of the crème and they broke it while I was gone! I was so sad (I realize as I write this how dramatic I am but I live for this sh*t in fine dining) that I missed it.  Luckily the woman at the table next to us ordered it so I was side-eyeing that disc breaking hardcore.  Worth going for sure, but my first visit didn't quite reach five stars.  I'll go again though (and I will NOT leave my seat this time!)"}, {"review_id": "p4XwFQV95YROorA-xs-AzQ", "user_id": "FRvKvr1-AsUaCBuxaoxnCg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "8/21/2017", "text": "The Fig Tree is one of those restaurants in Charlotte you reserve for a special occasion or night out. It's not a cheap dinner, but the food and service are excellent, so expect to spend a little more and enjoy the slower paced meal. Expect to start with homemade focaccia bread, while perusing through the never ending wine list. Or, they have some great craft cocktails if that is your preference as well.You'll have your choice of appetizers, with choices like carpaccios' (veal or beef), octopus, escargot, stuffed calamari, foi gras or a cheese plate. On this occasion (our two year wedding anniversary), we decided on the chorizo stuffed calamari. I'm a Rhode Island girl and a huge fan of the legit fried stuff, but these calamari come more authentic. If you've never tasted the rubbery squid, here's your chance. Filled with chorizo and eggplant with a red pepper puree, this dish is a memorable one. Great way to start the night.When you're at Fig Tree, you should be aware that the Elk Chop is one of the highest rated meals in Charlotte (thrillist.com/eat/charlo…). And why not? It's a 14oz of a double-cut elk chop with horseradish spaetzle, braised red cabbage with smoky bacon, and a classic Boursin-Dijon sauce. Not only is a gorgeous site, it's very delicious. I can't remember ever having elk before, but it has no gaminess taste to it whatsoever. This was very flavorful and I'd definitely go back and order it again. We also ordered the salmon, which was cooked and flavored well. It's hard to compare another entree to the elk chop, but know that you'll get a delicious meal, overall. A side salad comes with your entree, and you can upgrade to a caesar salad or spinach salad for $3.00 additional. Don't miss the dessert menu either. The beignets seem to be what I always order, but they do make their own ice cream in house. I was eyeing the dark chocolate brownie bar for next time. The Fig Tree does a great job of making you feel welcomed and respected, while not going over the top fancy. I find that it's the perfect balance and definitely worth checking out if you live in Charlotte!"}, {"review_id": "dUGOQKcCuQGj7jfYjg7ZDQ", "user_id": "45jhiB0-fzGbGoC9KuDfwQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/19/2018", "text": "Always one of my favorites in all of Charlotte. Wine selection doesn't disappoint. Chef's dishes are well prepared and presented. Service is exacting. Quaint location with great ambiance. Seeing sunset over the city in the Warmer months or enjoying the fireplace in winter add to the truly special feel.On this particular occasion, in addition to apparent teamwork all around, my server Michael and the host Alex helped execute a great birthday experience.   As always, looking forward to my next experience."}, {"review_id": "q7PrLj38Cy7td05_pWxxgw", "user_id": "3wjG_79n6T07SlH0EuDFqg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/12/2017", "text": "Bread + Garlic spread + olive oil is great. Could not stop eating that and they're good about refilling the bread. Veal carpaccio is decent. Def get the fresh ground pepper with it. Escargot is RICH with a decadent cream and cheese. Highly recommend that. Also the scallops were great. They only come as 2 smaller scallops so not a great dish to share. Grover and lobster - Grover was slightly too salty for me but it's a great decent portion. The lobster tail was phenomenal! Beignets are freshly made in house. They added in another one as we had 5 ppl and it usually comes in 4. Really nice and fresh and comes with a coffee ice cream. The service was great! And cute ambience as the restaurant is set in a home. Def recommend making a reservation!"}, {"review_id": "_pntTwqINcheTsBqJaE1og", "user_id": "T7D5MgT6FjJrJIDY4MtIDA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/9/2018", "text": "Very quaint southern charm old house dining. Loved it. Wait staff extremely friendly and helpful. Food prepared very well with excellent presentation."}, {"review_id": "7t37kzDZJ7rzKKkoiH-m2Q", "user_id": "5b59DMCxPWn-c2b6q50P7w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/24/2017", "text": "One of my most memorable meals in Charlotte.  The bread with garlic spread that they serve is amazing.  Would adore that recipe.The house is quaint and would be awesome for a romantic evening.  Reservations are a must.Everything we had that night was simply amazing.  I'll be back."}, {"review_id": "Bj808_05YgkEEuFuOvYKPg", "user_id": "zdJ5RyU4nUWj8bceNxLrZg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/3/2017", "text": "Oh man. So good. Everyone talks about Fig Tree, so my wife and I had to check it out. We went there to celebrate her 31st trip around the sun and what a celebration it was!She is not a huge fan of seafood, so any time we go somewhere that I can get fresh seafood I'm on it. I had the sautéed NC trout with crab meat, granny smith apples (also sautéed), and asparagus. DEE-LISH-US. The sautéed apples gave it a great flavor and the fish was melt-in-your-mouth. I'm not a huge fan of asparagus, but it was better than expected as well. To drink, I had the \"Thirst And How\", a spin on the Old Fashioned. Very good, but a little strong for my taste.Overall a great dining experience and great for a special occasion like a birthday or anniversary. Definitely lives up to the hype."}, {"review_id": "RtBIBHAi4H7qjzMmsFYusw", "user_id": "wcubg4QbsWBhc5bjlkCdDw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "6/9/2017", "text": "Yep! Still one of my favorite restaurants in all of Charlotte. The service is top notch as they pay attention to every fine little detail including pouring the water. The house sets a great mood that transports you into a wonderful atmosphere unrivaled by any place in Charlotte. It is a great place to have a fancy dinner date and enjoy your evening.The food was downright just above almost every  place in Charlotte as the texture and quality went hand and hand. I truly can't wait to come back to try different things! I got the filet mignon med rare and it was by textbook  what a filet should look like and taste. The scallops were so buttery and light that they melted in my mouth!! Seriously I don't believe you can go wrong here with anything. It is the perfect date night ."}, {"review_id": "-Lj3ptgv948qzSDLTMufeA", "user_id": "u1ZcejyTXshMGm4bQH693g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/12/2018", "text": "What a perfect meal! My husband and I dined here based a recommendation from my Dad while we were in town. They have an impressive wine list. Some 1000 different bottles or so. We even found a couple gems in there at great prices. Very happy with our selection of a St. Emilon Grand Cru at just $68. We had the spicy lobster chorizo appetizer and a cheese plate to start. The lobster was excellent and a very unique preparation. The cheese plate had a great selection. We had the elk chop and lamb tenderloin as entrees. We LOVED both of these. Meat was cooked perfectly. Such unique flavors and preparations. The service is impeccable. The environment is sublime. We would come back here again and again for special occasions if only we lived closer!"}, {"review_id": "22X-55RBKUITbs5uvKbaAA", "user_id": "rmZ9gUyoGHYSsGkg5mzZHw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/4/2017", "text": "Oh man, this place lives up to its reputation no doubt. My boodle took me to Fig Tree for my birthday. Upon walking in and checking in for our reservation, the hostess immediately wished me a happy birthday, I felt really special... and who doesn't love feeling special?! We were seated immediately in a romantic corner of the restaurant. Their homemade focaccia bread is to die for. I ordered the empanadas for dinner. They were crenberry and mushroom empanadas in a pumpkin cream sauce with brussel sprouts. Everything was delicious. The pumpkin sauce added unique fall flavors to the dish. Our service was phenomenal during our dinner.  Although we didn't order dessert, our server brought us a plate with Happy Birthday written in a delicious chocolate sauce (homemade, probably) with two chocolate truffles. Overall, everything about Fig Tree is fabulous -- the service, the food, the personal touches. It is pricey, but worth it!"}, {"review_id": "Y3mLTY_VsSq4zU3WCf10hw", "user_id": "PmycH5CBSXfLuzNfvYzt2A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/16/2017", "text": "OK I am willing to fly to Charlotte for the Elk Chop alone!!  Seriously.  Best ever, ever.  Expect to pay for what you get, and savor every bite.The location is perfect, but you will need reservations.  Period.  We also shared empanadas, which were as good as the ones I noche on in Bolivia (yes, in South America).  Nice wine list and the steaks looked lovely.My only advice - Like all excellent restaurants DO NOT EAT THE BREAD!!  While it is awesome, why fill up on carbs when real food is on its way??"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/the-fig-tree-restaurant-charlotte?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]