[[{"review_id": "RYicW3wvIEFIqyJCoVZBEw", "user_id": "KlfWneV07Jm2gBP2bMVaiQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/15/2018", "text": "Heard about this place from a co-worker, and being new to Raleigh, I take any suggestions I'm given! I made reservations for my boyfriend and I's 5 year anniversary dinner for a Wednesday night. Parking: Being in the city, I was expecting the woes of parallel parking, but I was pleasantly surprised to see a parking lot! Atmosphere: If you're truly trying to impress or wine and dine, this is your  place. It's a historical house that's absolutely gorgeous. The waiters and waitresses are polite, impressive, and call you sir, gentleman, madam, and ma'am. It made me, a 22-year-old, fairly uncomfortable, but I was impressed. Also, they called my boyfriend the day before our reservations to ask our names, and they printed a menu for us to take with our names! (See the attached picture)Food: DELICIOUS. Honestly the best food i've ever had. I started with the cream of cauliflower soup which was good - nothing special. My boyfriend got the steamed prince edward island mussels which made me regret my choice. As for mains, I got the pan roasted scallops which were just SO buttery and delicious. The risotto it came with also impressed. My boyfriend got the roasted five spice Pennsylvania duck breast which I tried. It was also even more delicious than I could describe. Lastly, the chocolate souffle for dessert was to DIE for. I'd eat here constantly if I had the money."}, {"review_id": "hRwIhlBxY8vxmVB0TItPRQ", "user_id": "3duKpLbZ4Uco_pHi3U9Fcg", "rating": 2.0, "date": "3/28/2018", "text": "Although the ingredients were clearly top-notch, the Chef's heavy handed use of salt and unbalanced flavors ruined what would otherwise have been an amazing filet.The service was excellent as was the wine selection.I expect far more from a $300+ meal."}, {"review_id": "JJiz-oQ9G1lEx5LLTWrFQw", "user_id": "sc61g94B-StSfRFGfD7akQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/1/2018", "text": "This is definitely one of the unique restaurants that I have visited so far. The whole restaurant locates in a historical building and the moment I got dropped off, I thought I was actually going to someone else's home. on the side, the house is called Dodd-Hinsdale. The interior is full of history too considering this restaurant first opened back in 1997, they have a lot of reorganization on their wall, and the stairs inside also quite traditional with little statue figure. I would suggest you make a reservation and this is a good place for special occasion. I was here for a special event, so I got a set menu (see the picture), and I have choice the Grilled Mediterrean Barramundi as main course and the chocolate banana bread pudding as my dessert. The main course is a sea bass, and I have to praise its tenderness. Personally, I was struggling choosing between the beef filet and this dish, and I would definitely say if you prefer something light for dinner, go for the fish. Also, just to share my learning experience, just realized the haricot verts is basically younger and skinner green bean. The desert is OK, similar to other places. My friend got the creme brulee, and it is pretty decent.They have a separate bar within the restaurant, and the drink are quite unique. I had this green colored drink, and I was not a big fun of it. Also, all the waiters are extremely polite and have great courtesy. Price-wise, I think it is a little over-priced, but consider this is such a unique experience, it worth a try."}, {"review_id": "CZelxTQJE2STD7LYfiwV5A", "user_id": "vprPvLpRff0w4RSVYTuknA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/14/2018", "text": "Second Empire definitely lives up to its reputation for fine dining! It was the perfect place for a romantic dinner on Valentine's Day. The combination of elegant charm inside a beautiful historic home and amazing food made for a truly memorable evening.My husband ordered the seared Foie Gras as his first course and we both agreed it was as good as the foie gras we loved so much on our trips to France. I ordered the Soup Du Jour - a creamy potato soup with bacon and garlic croutons....it was heavenly. Simple but packed with flavor. Our main courses looked like works of art! My filet was a perfect medium rare and was served with an incredible risotto that I know I'll be thinking about for days to come. My husband ordered the rack of lamb, as recommended by our server. My husband loves lamb - he said it was one of the best he's ever had!Our server said the Key Lime Pie was 100%, hands-down the best dessert on the menu. I really, really wanted the chocolate soufflé, but with a recommendation like that, we had to go with the pie. WOW!!! I'm not a great lover of key lime pie, but I think that changed for me tonight!Second Empire earned its 5th star when my husband and I ordered coffee and our server brought each of us our own pot of coffee! Yessss!!!"}, {"review_id": "s6gbzjFAFrcONClwmylcWA", "user_id": "-rDHIgi5Ic3kNTEeqQxi6A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/5/2018", "text": "Checked our Second Empire for the first time as we're celebrating a special birthday! I had previously mentioned we were celebrating a birthday in my reservation, and we were awaited with a signed menu with a birthday greeting from the chef. We were immediately seated upon arrival. Our waiter was extremely knowledgeable of the menu and provided recommendations as recommended. We each ordered a first course and an entree. We ordered the foie Gras and the gravlax salmon toast in the first course and the filet mignon and the seafood paella as the entrees. The two specials, foie gras and the filet mignon, were fantastic. The other two were good, but did not compare to the taste of the filet mignon dish.  We also ordered the creme brulee, which was fantastic and was nicely brought out with a candle for our birthday celebration. Overall would rate this experience a 4.5 if possible. This is definitely one of the nicer restaurants in Raleigh, and will the return for the unique taste and the fantastic service."}, {"review_id": "CW9xz6JCGAgr03V1bz3-Gw", "user_id": "wHROsZnY1CytrZ-esD8O5Q", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/10/2018", "text": "Went in for dinner. Plenty of seating on main floor but the staff automatically sent me to tavern, thinking I'm a college student perhaps and not suited for the main floor, who knows what the staff's judgement was at the time. Otherwise, the atmosphere is great. I've been here before with main floor seating and that justifies the food prices, but less so for the more casual tavern seating.As for the food, you'll have to ask for more bread otherwise you'll only get one slice of a small roll while you wait for your food. I ordered the filet mignon special and even at medium, it was butter smooth and dissolved in the mouth. Their duck is also phenomenal and even more impressive than the filet mignon."}, {"review_id": "bNYOhwFQ1PqFoQdVfM-8fA", "user_id": "VoHt3x3e7l7z6U2lb5yqXw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/17/2017", "text": "I've been looking for a good fine dining restaurant in Raleigh and I think I've finally found one! Second Empire has a cozy but elegant feel with a strong wine selection and an excellent chef. Make a reservation ahead of time on the weekends and let the staff know if you're celebrating anything, have food preferences, etc to have a more personalized experience. We dined in the main dining room, which was quiet and comfortable. I would have liked to speak to a sommelier before choosing my wine, but the waitress seemed to know her stuff enough. We were given bread to start, which I honestly wasn't impressed over. The bread was mediocre and I would have liked to see a creative amuse-bouche instead. We ordered the octopus + monk fish curry and salmon tostada to start. The curry was absolutely delicious, but far too large for an appetizer. I'd recommend splitting that in a large party if anything. The tostada was light and refreshing and the salmon had excellent flavor. For the main course, we ordered the catch of the day (swordfish) and the filet mignon. The swordfish was pretty good and had great texture. The steak needed some improvement, on the other hand. Good flavors but a bit dry. However, the risotto it came with was to die for! For desert, we ordered the chocolate sorbet (YUM) and the chocolate soufflé. The soufflé wasn't exceptional but the presentation was nice!All in all, I'd recommend Second Empire for those looking for a nice night out in downtown Raleigh."}, {"review_id": "Om_gi37ureCWMOfQxr-HPw", "user_id": "keFlxm2E2l4E8YfendKOGA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/13/2018", "text": "This is a great place for a nice date night. The historic house that holds this restaurant sets the tone from the moment you walk in. The staff are very kind and welcoming. The menu had so many wonderful items to choose from, it was hard to decide. I went with the rack of lamb and the server was kind enough to pair a glass of wine with it for me. Both the food and the wine were delicious! The lamb was cooked perfectly and the accompanying sides were absolutely amazing! But the real star of the show was dessert. I had the citrus olive oil cake and O.M.G it was one of the best cakes I've ever had. So glad I saved room for dessert at this place. Definitely a pricey restaurant but worth every penny. I hope to return if I'm ever in Raleigh again!"}, {"review_id": "7R7eBqIkc2XnAlPxdApYaA", "user_id": "4RKyyzf6hUJnex5LQOxtHQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "6/20/2017", "text": "What an interesting place!!!Out of all the places in Raleigh this one is the MOST prestige/elite/luxe And, frankly, it sets a standard. The old building with antique decor and high ceilings. An exclusive menu and food presentation. Agreed, it sets the standard, but I wish the standard was unreachable. I wish they went above and beyond in service and food excellence. I wish they explored outside the box possibilities. Were you not a high-end restaurant I would give you 5 stars, but you are. Our food was great! We ordered lamb and scallops with wine. We polished it with desserts. Creme brûlée had to be taken off the bill cause the caramelized sugar was burned and tasted bitter. Still, our dining experience was unforgettable thanks to atmosphere and exclusiveness of the place. One day we will give it another try!"}, {"review_id": "bNIAP0NPwvHmQv6hKuV6RA", "user_id": "s_wQDqZ6jWu67WtOUCZrww", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/4/2017", "text": "My fiancé and I went to Second Empire for my 36th Birthday celebration. We arrived at 7:30 pm for our 7:45 pm reservations, but we weren't seated until 8pm. We both had a glass of Malbec at the bar. Friendly and prompt service. Once we were seated, our server greeted us. She was fantastic. She was friendly, patient, answered all of our questions, and had perfect knowledge of the menu. She even gave us a little history on the building.We decided on a three cheese plate first. We both can't remember exactly which cheese we chose; one was a blue cheese, but they were all amazing. The fig bar and sweet onions added nice and unexpected flavor. We decided on the Asian crab meat & date croquettes and phyllo & slow roasted duck leg salad as appetizers. There were so many flavors in these dishes, but it all worked very well together.  I'd pick the croquettes as my favorite from these two. For the entrees, I chose the sautéed yellowtail Ahi tuna cake and my fiancé picked the grilled Australian lamb rack. The tuna cake was so delicious. The lamb was also amazing. Again, there were just so many flavors in each of these dishes, but it all came together harmoniously. I was already satiated from this wonderful food and took home leftovers. I must say, the tuna cake was just as delicious the next day. Being a Birthday celebration, we must eat cake! We got the chocolate soufflé and the chess cake. The chess cake had quite a lovely presentation and the bits of coconut were yummy. The soufflé was presented by a nice server. He opened it up and poured half the cream inside. It came out with the perfect consistency and taste. I loved everything about our evening. My menu was prepared to say \"Happy Birthday Jessica! February 23, 2017\" and was signed by the chef. Little details like this set Second Empire apart from the rest. The server was very attentive and friendly. The price is definitely high, but I think it is worth it for special occasions. It was truly a fine dining experience."}, {"review_id": "lIMX9XKAUqevTOSV1DZDLQ", "user_id": "DZO2lmlHi41X19g9U44I1w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/14/2016", "text": "Another venue on my \"bucket list\" of places to eat before I depart Raleigh is now crossed off.  Per my usual preference, I ate at the bar, which is in the tavern section of the restaurant.  It is downstairs if you enter through the main front door, but actually at street level if you enter from Harrington Street.  Super friendly hostess, bartender, and everyone else who worked there.  Hell, even the customers were friendly.  I made friends with pretty much everyone sitting at the bar the other evening.  Anytime someone finds out my career, they like to tell me about their \"worst flight ever\" and tell me how uncomfortable the planes are these days.  I can't say I disagree. The food was pretty good.  I had the trout, which I really enjoyed. For dessert I tried the coconut chess pie, which was okay, but nothing super special.  It was pretty.  They do get major points for presentation.  They no longer carry matchboxes, so I was sad not to have one to add to my collection, but I am glad I got to eat at this beautiful and exquisite historic venue."}, {"review_id": "ji4JeT23tFu75ycI2nF7yQ", "user_id": "psqgvoeyG2vtkmUA1YLvEg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/20/2018", "text": "My only goal was to make sure my wife was happy for our anniversary... and simply said she was.We are dry so didn't take advantage of the wine menu but a quick look tells me any wine connoisseur would be satisfied. It felt light but I'm not a wine guy per se. We had a reservation and there was no wait time with a super friendly staff. I felt as if they had an eye on us the entire time and our needs were met without hesitation. I ordered the soup de jour and my wife had a salad with seafood but not before enjoying some bread and a cheese plate that we ordered. All the above was yum.. The main course included a filet mignon with a purée and I ordered bass with veggies. Again perfectly cooked and my wife added the filet to her too 5.For dessert I had the basil cake that didn't stand a chance and my wife had the tiramisu which was just ok.. actually a minor let down since everything was delicious. If I was splitting hairs or being picky our bread wasn't hot I just love hot bread nonetheless it was still good. I would recommend for any occasion!"}, {"review_id": "0iM2z5mVjWFfBwQi2ndPOg", "user_id": "GXR1GIo7s_BWuS27iQIlWA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/2/2018", "text": "I was planning my Fiance's 30th birthday, and from the time I made my reservation to the time we left the restaurant, I encountered nothing but the most professional and kind staff at any restaurant I have been to. They even provided my Fiance with a personalized menu, signed by the Chef, as a birthday present! The food...Oh lord, how do I begin to describe the artistic use of flavors.I would highly recommend starting with a cheese board. They have varieties that are paired wonderfully with different artisan breads. Definitely try the fig bread! If they have the cauliflower soup as the soup du jour, don't miss out. It was like getting a hug from the inside. The mussels in a safron white wine sauce were to die for, also. For the main course, we had the New York Strip steak and the Short Rib, and both were so full of flavor that there was no way to decide which we liked more. For dessert we topped it off with their house chocolate soufle and a scoop of housemade vanilla bean ice cream. If you really want to know what heaven tastes like, this is the place to find out. For what you pay for, you get a perfect portion of everything, knowledgeable staff, and a full culinary tour of flavors. 10 for 10 would recommend."}, {"review_id": "65G4AjZPenGP7i-FprsSMA", "user_id": "5s0nTuLRm3ue4Qfrj9PHkQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/9/2017", "text": "Awesome ambiance and A+ for customer service. I'm giving Second Empire a 4 out of 5 because their pallea kind of let me and my boyfriend down. Not sure if the rice needed to be fried or needed more saffron but the flavor was not the pallea that we were expecting unfortunately. Maybe a play too pallea it should be called? The meat inside was cooked perfectly though and everything  else eaten tonight deserve an A+++, from the fois gras 1st course to the olive oil cake dessert. I definitely look forward to coming back to Second Empire and trying a new dish!"}, {"review_id": "HA80dlj6rYqnYwZTZQe_Tg", "user_id": "dniHkLQ3UznwnIMtJeCusg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/12/2017", "text": "A fantastic meal here at this great restaurant in an amazing olde house.The service was great, with Josh giving good attention to every detail. We dined downstairs in the tavern, but it was surely every bit as formal as the restaurant would have been. We got to choose food from both the Restaurant and the Tavern menus.The New Zealand Venison salad was amazing (I'm from New Zealand so \"had\" to have that!!!), the Brisket was very good too, and the Chocolate Baileys Cake dessert was divine!!"}, {"review_id": "BcRUAyoYSpQFiQ9tbXTVjQ", "user_id": "aWpqlLsHUoo1nfBk4gN-Yg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/6/2018", "text": "Amazing. Everything was great... my hubby and i went here for our anniv. And i got them to write happy anniv. And they did on the menu! Great special touch. The host was very knowledgeable and she was a sweetheart. Food was great! Def. Will be going back."}, {"review_id": "nNw5VXgy5vdE70KfJMhEBA", "user_id": "KAQVb2JwOFTF_9GrEQBYwQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/5/2018", "text": "My partner and I celebrated our 2nd anniversary here in December and had a wonderful experience. I've also dined a few times for special events with work. We were extremely impressed with our recent dinner at the Tavern. We did find out that the chef has recently combined the menus, which I thought was interesting. Our food was delicious and service was outstanding. Second Empire is a great spot for a romantic night or special celebration."}, {"review_id": "zkhCIk0q0dSa2Mio2C-efQ", "user_id": "hRThd24KwuRgbHMMwoRcLA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/10/2018", "text": "The house is beautiful, the hostesses are pleasant, servers and waiters are attentive.The food is good, portions are not small, considering that the restaurant is upscale. Even the dressing on my salad was amazing. My salad leaves weren't gigantic - they were are a bit on the larger side but forking them wasn't too awkward. I had pan scallops - they were big and kitchen served enough pieces.Do try this restaurant. Its worth visiting and I appreciate an establishment that is respectful to ALL patrons."}, {"review_id": "FMeSY7luSAgaD0zjBtZUvw", "user_id": "1s6Ie6ZQgsguhOWyq0eJcw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/15/2018", "text": "Fabulous!  Excellent service!  I went for an office outing and we all enjoyed our meals. I had shrimp and grits appetizer which was fairly large and delicious. I had the filet special with risotto and asparagus. However, I don't really like asparagus so they substituted potatoes. Yes, meat and starch/starch. For dinner the chocolate soufflé. Delicious!  Kind of had a brownie flavor but I really enjoyed it.  We were all totally stuffed!!"}, {"review_id": "BtO8IK6ix7_CUccpGjRtVQ", "user_id": "tEC6gHZxaiRGPsFQzK5FtA", "rating": 1.0, "date": "2/13/2018", "text": "I see that I am not the only reviewer here who felt this was an enormous disappointment.  We read the reviews, we were excited about our dinner for a VERY special family occasion.  But, mismanagement undermined what should might have been a memorable meal.  Instead, we're remembering it for the series of screw-ups.It started the moment we arrived, shortly after the restaurant opened and was nearly empty.  The hostesses were girls who lacked the maturity, professionalism and graciousness to be the front-line in representing a restaurant of this distinction.  They were ill-equipped to handle the situation when we immediately discovered they dropped the ball on our reservation.  We even had confirmed in a follow-up phone call that we would dine in one of their most elegant rooms befitting our occasion. Instead, these girls said they could not seat us there, and only could offer the more casual Tavern and --ultimately-- a rather ordinary room.  Our server, while nice and knowledgeable, was excessively chatty and lacked sufficient or (evidently) experienced back-up staff.  This meant inattentive and very slow (not leisurely) service, and constantly having to ask for basics (water, drinks, flatware, food we ordered that was forgotten, etc.).Most of the dishes were fine and nicely plated. Unfortunately, little of it stood-out...certainly not against our overall experience.  What a way to diminish the reputation of their executive chef.At one point, a woman wearing denim pants approached our table and, without identifying herself, asked, \"How's everything tasting?\"  Really?!  That works at down-home diners, but at Second Empire?  I found out later the woman was the manager, Nicolle.  Again, professionalism and graciousness was lacking.We were so ready to leave by the time the check *finally* came after a long wait (we had to ask for that, too, and then wait even longer).  Perhaps they are shifting to self-serve? (lol)Second Empire has either slipped or is resting on its laurels.  Not smart in the restaurant business...definitely not in Raleigh's exploding restaurant scene.  And no effort was made by management to make things right for their obvious series of blunders.So sad that this was my family's takeaway, especially for my mom -- the dissatisfied guest of honor, for my chagrined sister who spent a lot of money on this unfortunate night, and for me -- a former Raleigh girl-- who made the embarrassing selection of Second Empire over Herons.  As Julia Roberts said in \"Pretty Woman\": Big mistake. BIG."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/second-empire-restaurant-and-tavern-raleigh?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]