[[{"review_id": "-GOkyzhSrQ0Dvm4KNwTo9w", "user_id": "58B1coQ2If8ZUlKyYfb9vA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/31/2018", "text": "Finally a real authentic Napolitano pizza in this side of the Triad.  The pizza dough taste is spot on and the perfect texture.The location is perfect, a very large place with open seating. The staff is amazingly friendly and fast service. The 3 wood burning ovens were all fired and churning out great pizza almost every 2 minutes. I hope this place stays successful because it would be a wonderful anchor store for this area. Parking is plentiful for now until the apartments start to fill up and other businesses move into the area.One of the best place to have a really good pizza.The coffee and dessert bar in the back area is also very inviting and nice."}, {"review_id": "lGpX0VzoudEyXet7ftMxSg", "user_id": "efY2u_0pb-lhV1aI-cSWGw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/6/2018", "text": "My first visit.  Located in re-purposed Historic Revolution Cotton Mill.  Ambiance is nice with an open bay seating with large windows, high ceilings and hard wood floors.  Seating is on sturdy picnic benches which fit the old mill style.  Pizzas are baked in wood fired ovens in an open kitchen.  You can watch them being made.Pizzas are thin crust, lightly topped so they cook fast.  We had the pizza Margarita and Verona salad.  Our pizza was delicious and tasted of fresh basil.  One pizza should feed 4 ladies or maybe two teenage boys.  Eat them while there hot as they cool off quickly.  Salads are large, one is plenty for two people.Bottled beer and sodas are available.  We can only hope draft beer is in their plans.Very much enjoyed our dinner.  Friendly and fast service.We will be back."}, {"review_id": "tfI7eDdQ2u2PJinjw4yPnw", "user_id": "pruvSFRIOiCg27kCpaMg8Q", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/19/2018", "text": "Tucked away in Revolution Mills, this Italian pizza place is a little different than the other pizza joints in town. You order at the register, take a number and find a seat, and they bring it to you. The pros:-The tomato sauce is awesome. It's super fresh and light and slightly tangy and sweet.-The little red peppers on the pizza are to die for. They are sweet and spicy and add a wonderful flavor.-The cannoli. It's good. And not overly sweet. The cons:-This place is not kid friendly. Sure they, have high chairs but plan on sitting at the end of the table and don't even try it having more than one child in a high chair because there is barely room to put two at the end. Also, the benches aren't toddler friendly. Have a squirmy kid? They are bound to fall off the picnic bench style seating.-The seating in general is terrible. Super long picnic tables and benches are awkward in general. -Again, not kid friendly. They don't have lids for cups. Anyone who has kids knows that lids are essential.-The macarons. I was really disappointed in them. They lacked flavor and tasted mostly like sweet plain frosting. Did I like it? Yes. Would I drive there for that particular pizza? No. Maybe I'm the only one who doesn't get it. But I don't think they had anything that stood out so much that we keep me coming back and back again."}, {"review_id": "-hCasBdXfPqWQekrKIgnSw", "user_id": "HdxaEckv6ZG9DKXQ6YA3og", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "Great place, really enjoyed the pizza. It was a pick up.Love the ambience and liked the service!!"}, {"review_id": "WnLqdFlJAp9EoOxZz5LQkQ", "user_id": "E7kPP4TJfl2ax3VAQAQP8A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "Really great food. Tried the napolitano pizza + cannoli and was really impressed. Very laid back atmosphere. Outdoor seating is perfect for doggos. Plenty of seating indoors and parking across the street."}, {"review_id": "K45H8Iy-gOBENYvediENwA", "user_id": "kjaUSiRWhR9bF9KxOMbVvg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/26/2017", "text": "Cugino Forno is the Real Deal when it comes to Italian pies anywhere in the Triad!  Located in the newly refurbished Revolution Mill, this rustic Italian eatery makes pies like no other!We tried three different pies with equal results for all!  These are true Italian pizzas with ingredients that have you salivating from the first whiff that hits your senses!  Anything with their Italian sausage will just blow your mind and have you thinking just how soon can you come back!Thoroughly impressed and eager to spread the word, Cugino Forno is the place for your pizzas, cannolis, and any other Italian cravings!"}, {"review_id": "67BcFC06TnXAS7y_tIbedg", "user_id": "NRvoNc4MWgdCnquglbJ4RQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "This is an awesome pizza place. I ordered the Americano and it was great.  It was very simple, not overly seasoned or over cooked.  It's a large place so you don't feel crowded.  I will definitely return.  The staff was also very friendly."}, {"review_id": "M8hM0KLneK3aJ-A6T0hpcg", "user_id": "EjZ9MbrGr1jJ1eU8tJc8yw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/28/2018", "text": "Hands down the best pizza in town. And maybe the east coast. Except for Forcella's in NYC :). This team of pizza maestros learned the trade in Naples,Italy.  After being stationed there for 7 years I can testify - this pizza is authentic! Greensboro hit the jackpot when cugino forno opened their doors. Treat yourself to the mozzarella do Buffala as an appetizer and the insulate Latte. Pizza margherita is my favorite. Bon appetito!Ben Weston"}, {"review_id": "NvF25H2cXcwJwHytd-h6cQ", "user_id": "6_Kq5QeNvNDWYn70kGqnfg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/26/2018", "text": "This restaurant is a unique gem in the city it's inside Revolution Mill which they fully renovated and the space is gorgeous and gives you some alternatives to your local Greensboro Haunts. The space is huge and it's nice to be able to see the pizza ovens and the process. The ingredients are fresh the flavors are delicious and I would go back anytime."}, {"review_id": "2GRTW0bhh0qc_5OFZEgiDw", "user_id": "zoDpKVHIS-70vl6mU9XBnw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/12/2017", "text": "Everything about this place is five stars - speedy service on Saturday night, friendly employees/owners, clean surfaces, excellent pizza (funghi - onions/mushrooms), and huge fresh salads (what a deal!) that were works of art.It's casual dining - make no mistake. You may be sharing an 8' table with others if there are a lot of diners. The seating isn't comfortable, cushy chairs - it's benches without backs. Beverages (other than wine) are self-serve. Paper plates and plastic cups & utensils keep it low-key. But the food and service make up for it!Plan to order at the register by the door as you enter, and pay & tip at that time. If you don't get your cannoli or other dessert when you order, you'll need to get in line again for that. The staff will clean up the tables when you leave."}, {"review_id": "vy41tJco9k0UGoPUflVCxA", "user_id": "ReSFJQBpfW3EoYZ-PtVEzQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/13/2018", "text": "I thought the cafeteria style look was awesome, making it roomy at a table. The pizza literally took no time to be done. They said it would be done in 90 seconds and that was no lie. As soon as me and my guests sat down, the pizza shortly arrived after being cooked in the fire stove oven. The spice bar was cute and offered a good variety. The flavors from the pizza was definitely fresh and made italian style. Me and my guests enjoyed our first time here ."}, {"review_id": "f8IoACHf3egzJJFp75avtg", "user_id": "_6y11x6XEpzfxtiWLh0sDg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "Best Pizza in town! Glad to know the owner came to greensboro after opening a pizza place that we love in Mooresville. Hoping to see another Barcelona here as well!"}, {"review_id": "Q4aKEuHomHfXc1NjKhYGyA", "user_id": "J54hT186VKa5sugN8oYf5A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "Oh yeah!  Fabulous ingredients make fabulous pizza; all of theirs are imported from Italy.  If they run out of the days supply, that's it, no more....Three wood fired ovens bake your pie in about 90 seconds!  We ordered at the desk as we walked in the door.  We got a number stalk selected our drinks and sat down at one of the unique indoor picnic tables and in no time at all our pizza was served.The ingredients are top shelf so you pay a tad more than other places, but it's worth every penny."}, {"review_id": "ouKaOmV90oyWMINOGP5pqw", "user_id": "CVbZ3519uawMxR7e-ccRgw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/28/2018", "text": "Had a hankering for authentic Italian old word pizza, and this is the place. Massive high heat ceramic ovens, fresh ingredients, friendly owners and staff. I had the Americano which was excellent, and the Verona salad which was very high quality and fresh. I was given a free cannoli for checking in on yelp. I did take out, and one thing that is worth it is when you get home, throw your oven on high heat to really crisp it up as sitting to long will make the crust soft. I will be frequenting this place again and again."}, {"review_id": "go6JWvz-LtY2aIlzVBpiuQ", "user_id": "uHWoMSw-4X9zwzVbouFnDA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "6/9/2017", "text": "This place I would say is the run-away, don't look back, clear winner for authentic and fresh pizza in the entire Triad area. Their formula is simple, specialty ovens at high heat cook handmade pizza dough topped with fresh toppings at an extremely high temperature for a short period of time. You get your pizza piping hot and fresh, and it tastes great.The format for the restaurant is different, but not hard to figure out really. You go in, immediately to your right is where you order and pay (the odd part here is that it asks for a tip amount, now that I know that it isnt really waiter service at all, I would decline this tip in the future). You'll get a number, pick out any drinks you ordered from the coolers to the left, and have a seat at any of the large picnic style tables with bench seating.In no time your food will appear. One nice touch this place has is a spice bar near the cooking area where you can get a number of things to customize your tastes. Olive oil, pepper infused oil (VERY spicy), balsamic vinegar, parmesan... just to name a few.I really enjoy it, because most every non-chain pizza place in the triad is totally interchangeable to me at this point. NY style pizza. This is not that... it is a lot closer to how you would get a pizza in Italy."}, {"review_id": "BRxJIozE_GzwEznO-1iXMQ", "user_id": "elFkil7AayoYUpxdLD4RCQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/14/2017", "text": "Greensboro needed another pizza place about as much as it needs another burger bar, but when Cugino Forno opened at Revolution Mills last month, it still managed to bring something different to the table. The pizza here is Neapolitan-style (San Marzano tomatoes and buffalo mozzarella) made with imported ingredients and cooked in a wood-fired oven in an open kitchen replete with dough-tossing. The provenance and showmanship set Cugino Forno apart, but there are still a few drawbacks to eating here.First, don't expect to eat in comfort. Seating here is picnic-style with long tables and benches. There is enough of it to go around - Cugino Forno is deceptively deep - but you'll likely be squeezing yourself in among strangers. It also gets quite loud here, a product of both volume and acoustics. In keeping with the strange set-up, the ordering system is also unusual for a place of this size. You place your order at the front counter, pre-pay, take a number, and place it at your table. In a smaller establishment, this wouldn't be reason for concern, but I can only imagine how much walking and searching Cugino Forno's servers do on a daily basis.Next, don't expect a lot of flexibility here. There are ten large pizza options with no half-toppings, substitutions, or single slices available. Salads, which can easily feed two, are also one size only.If you can deal with the above, however, the food acquits itself reasonably well. My wife and I went for the Verona salad (spring mix, apricot sauce, bleu cheese, blueberries, and honey glazed pecans) and the Calabrese pizza (spicy salami, Calabrian peppers, mozzarella, and sauce). The wait time for the salad was minimal (the same cannot be said for the pizza, but they were busy), and it exceeded expectations. The sharpness of the bleu cheese balanced the sweetness of the fruit nicely, and the dressing was addictive. Once it arrived, the pizza offered fresh-tasting toppings, flavorful and acidic sauce, and plenty of heat from the salami and peppers. However, while there was plenty of taste up top, the crust was rather bland.The pricing, for the quantity of the food and quality of the ingredients, left little room for argument. The (large) pizzas averaged $16 while the (also large) salads ran from $6-$8. All told, Cugino Forno is worth a stop simply because you may not have had pizza like this before. But unless you can easily forgive the noise, seating, and lackluster crust, it's unlikely to unseat your favorite pizza place."}, {"review_id": "2TvEsgjzUGR7PykvxyEbUA", "user_id": "deJ9kUFxfTqsLdZp0NH1eg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "Food is spectacular but smaller proportion than you should probably get for price, large is size of normal medium almost"}, {"review_id": "98h2ag60FFWLh7LPz7o1IA", "user_id": "hsu9lyXiAX5dQD4lLzYyyA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/26/2017", "text": "This is a interesting addition to this area of Greensboro, which is a bit of a restaurant desert (unless you count fast food or chains of any variety). The restaurant is attractive in a very modernistic, former mill converted sort of way - very open and bright, though the seating (picnic tables) does not provide a soft & cozy, lingering over lunch kind of experience, and it has the potential to be noisy.You order at the front counter, pay, get a number, and grab a seat - your order will be brought to you. The time to the table has been just at 10 minutes on each of our 2 visits, not sure if this holds when they are busy.  They only sell whole 16\" pies here which is not at all attractive for an individual, and perhaps some couples. Prices are in the $13 to $16 range. They also offer salads, cannoli, and Italian beer and wine.They serve a Neapolitan-style pizza here, which means a somewhat charred crust, thin in the middle and thicker around the edges, noticeable yeast aroma, the acidity of the tomato sauce (only San Marzano tomatoes are used) and the richness of the Mozzarella di Bufala cheese blend well with the crust.  The pizza is baked in a wood-fired oven at high temperature for 60-90 seconds.We've tried the Margeritha twice ($14.95), and the Americano once ($15.95). The first time, the Margeritha was perfect - great sauce, plenty of cheese and basil, and very lightly charred. The second time was not nearly as good, with much less basil, and way more char than we like - more than a little disappointing!The Americano pizza (pepperoni, San Marzano tomato sauce, bufala mozzarella, basil, & garlic) was excellent, and the pepperoni has as much flavor as any I've tried. The crust is thin, so early on a knife and fork is almost a most.All in all, some good things here, but the one size, whole pie only mandate, and the rather hard, communal style seating, and the iffy parking will not appeal to everyone. We'll try it again, but if the char is that heavy again, we'll pass after that!"}, {"review_id": "Xvd0dEra4EHCVuy_q6U_fg", "user_id": "KLBga_moLtTPglkLWVHhgg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "10/11/2017", "text": "A unique experience! Greensboro has a lot of great pizza places, having said that it's dominated by the New York or say American style pizza and that's okay. Here they serve proper italian style pizza. It's cooked in a fancy wood oven which they say gets the pizza ready in 90 seconds. The first round it took a while since they were pretty busy. I was fascinated by revolutionary mills, it's absolutely amazing what they did with the place. It's so different from every other place here. The pizza: we got the margarita and the fungi. The margarita is my favorite out of the two. Perfectly cooked the bread tastes amazing, not greasy at all and overall perfect blend of everything. It is definitely someone ever pizza lover should try. The mushroom pizza (fungi) I am not the biggest fan of, it's not a bad pizza however I am just too attracted to the margarita pizza. I think the simpler the better. I am not a fan of their frozen hard pastry, however the ice cream was great, tasted very different from other ice creams around town. I wish it was not self service but that's just me being picky. Overall I had a great time, their outdoor seating area is nice and the Vespa is a nice touch. I will be back!"}, {"review_id": "C0VwfiANbrLunUcjSECUlw", "user_id": "VnHK0vcO2FbFxHzaJ7ZCEQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/22/2017", "text": "From the time we ordered (at the counter when you enter) until the time our pizzas were brought to our table = 5 minutes (maybe 6). Fresh ingredients and delicious, as all other reviewers have stated. I ate four slices and could have eaten more (the pizza is light...not heavy like other pizzas can be). Our group loved the white pizza with mushrooms (I put a photo up, so take a look)! I saw a 1-2 people (in a packed restaurant during Monday lunch) eating salads, which I will say did not look appetizing to me, but I am not one to order salad anyway!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/cugino-forno-greensboro?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]