[[{"review_id": "Ue9VJy9sOUF5jbNMEboxag", "user_id": "ydPtZ8pDwzfm1kizOiCUFA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/23/2018", "text": "Fantastic!Great atmosphere, great service, great food.The pita is better than anywhere. The hummus us fresh and very flavorful.Chicken schwarma wrap was huge and delicious,  the village salad was plentiful, tasty and top quality ingredients,  falafal was delicious and the veggies with it were addicting. The beef/lamb schwarma was flavorfull but a bit chewy and not very appetizing looking but everything else was so good it didn't matter. The water and iced teas were constantly refilled. Thank you for such a wonderful dining experience."}, {"review_id": "seeAu7IgYai3kA6Pm8HOGA", "user_id": "GBRVKQBSrBxZD_aKgxL_7w", "rating": 2.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Stats: Traditional Lebanese cuisine with local, North Carolinian, twist; paid parking lots available nearby; Sat dinner w/reservation; party of 4Small PlatesSitti TastingKibbee MikliGoat Cheese Stuffed PeppersHalloumiLarge PlatesLamb ShankSamkeh HarraShrimp KabobDesertsCrème BruleePistachio CakeDrinksBeirut BettyJalapeño BusinessMargarita (Special Menu)Lebanese red wineIPA draftPros: The homemade pita bread came hot, fluffy and delicious when combined with the olive oil dip. The mini peppers stuffed with goat cheese were tasty. Our server was very friendly and attentive. Cons: Ambiance was disappointing. The décor (if you can call it that) was drab and boring. Missing the vibrant colors and warm, inviting atmosphere one would expect in a Middle Eastern restaurant. The food was underwhelming and lacking in authentic flavor. The salmon entrees came covered with large amount of chopped raw onions - completely overpowering the delicate taste of the entire dish. Lamb shank was overcooked and dry. The cocktails were nothing to write home about. Had to ask the server to request the bar to add actual alcohol to our weak Beirut Betty cocktails.Verdict: Overall experience was disenchanting. Will most likely not repeat the experience."}, {"review_id": "hs_QlCvxzmqdTulZHKFyvg", "user_id": "nz5tOk3njk4l-S4Cb9c2AA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "We went here on another Saturday trip to Raleigh for dinner, after looking for places that would satisfy my vegetarian needs as well as my boyfriend's shawarma craving. Overall, I enjoyed the ambience (a little casual and fun) and the food - definitely a solid choice to take people out there for a good, nice place. And I live their nice mix of high and low tables. I like that. Unfortunately they did not have Arak (the drink) which we really wanted to try. So, I guess this leaves room for next time. We ordered the Sitti tasting along with the sweet potato kibbee and I was surprised that this small amount was actually very filling. Our waitress recommended a veggie platter, so we ordered that, but at ~$4, it was not worth it and I wish that we didn't get it. I would have liked a better, larger array of the veggies. I loved the sweet potato kibbee as much as my boyfriend loved his meat kibbee. A good amount of flavours and texture with a wonderful sauce. Loved it!Pita bread is unlimited and that helped in completing the tasting menu as a full meal. Again, very surprised at how full we both were at the end of it. Service was good - we got spots without a reservation! Friendly and helpful."}, {"review_id": "CMu58u0NcfxXCeE7cRbuKA", "user_id": "9-_CPbm4FizEGsCKpMmatQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/5/2018", "text": "You must must must go to this wonderful place. I had a salad with a side of falafel and puts bread. The salad was classically mediterranean with field greens, feta cheese, and olives. The falafel was nice, didn't have a strong flavor but had a good consistency to it, and most importantly wasn't too greasy. Now for the pita bread, I think this has been one of my favorite places, and they were super generous with giving us a bunch of it, with healthy portions of Zatar sauce on the side. It was soft but had a nice crisp texture to it, and deliciously chewy. How can pita be so darn perfect? Come here and you will see for yourself!We ordered take out, but noticed that the ambiance of the restaurant is a little fancier (you could have a nice date here). Prices were reasonable and the waiters were really helpful and sweet!"}, {"review_id": "VCpqU0QEu0-fZACku7_AjA", "user_id": "VoHt3x3e7l7z6U2lb5yqXw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/16/2018", "text": "Nice restaurant downtown for a date, night out with the girls, or dinner with a large group. We ate at the bar and ordered a bottle of Lebanese wine, which was lovely thanks to the bartender's suggestion. We ordered the 3 dip sampler - laban bi khiar, feta cheese dip, and the mouhamra. You can choose any 3 dips that you want, but the waitstaff recommended these three to us. They were each really good, particularly the feta cheese dip. The mouhamra had a bit of a kick to it, which was nice! We ordered kibbee mikli and the sweet potato kibbee. I wasn't very fond of the kibbee in general, as they were pretty dry. However, there were a lot of other tasty options on the menu and I look forward to going back and trying them! Overall, pretty great restaurant centrally-located in the heart of downtown. I like that this restaurant introduces unique flavors and a cuisine to the community. Definitely recommend!"}, {"review_id": "NZxiFQCxte9t3L0Gk9W0OQ", "user_id": "zMzJMNDNgX8MSsN2EygAvA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/6/2018", "text": "I went here with my coworkers for a birthday lunch. We had reservations for 10 and the table was ready before our reservation time so we were able to sit down a lot earlier than planned. I ordered the Falafel wrap with a side of hummus and it was delicious. The hummus helped the falafel wrap not feel too dry. Everyone else ordered salads, the specials, and dessert. Everything looked great and it's a great way to get lunch with your coworkers.If you are planning to drive here, you can park on the street or in one of the parking garages."}, {"review_id": "gTl2HNJtmR7V9YgCcjc1fg", "user_id": "1u-_tFHRX4zPebhMIVwQFA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/16/2017", "text": "I really liked the food here! It' flavorful!Their sauces are also really good! I got the shrimp kabob and really enjoyed it!However the portions can be small if you have a big appetite."}, {"review_id": "wpElyMwfx8D58ShD_oZyxw", "user_id": "Mcu71vuUJZJgKMbpxrQPTw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/19/2018", "text": "Came here recently for lunch and ordered the chicken artichoke. It was a great portion that I would definitely have again. I really liked the basmati rice. They bring out warm pitas bread which was delicious and was great to use to soak up the last of the lemon butter sauce."}, {"review_id": "h1ZRVLYoMF-7mdaO8IyGCg", "user_id": "7D0DvTzJVPJp-3G2j2bzCg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "7/28/2017", "text": "Sitti is a solid spot in downtown Raleigh. You know what to expect, the quality stays consistent, it won't blow you away but you'll never have a bad experience. It holds a special place in my heart for many-a-reason: not only was it my first Triangle Restaurant Week experience, but it was also my first date spot with Steve-O. I highly recommend sitting in the downstairs area or the back outdoor patio. The bar is cozy, but the upstairs has high ceilings and gets crazy noisy. Feel free to make a reservation here, although I've walked in on a Saturday night and put my name in (they'll text when your table is ready) and gone to have a drink at a bar around the corner while I wait.You'll begin with fresh, hot pita bread, delivered complimentary to your table and served with zatar and oil olive. I usually order the three humus sampler. I love their baba ganoush and the humus here is solid. I most recently ordered their special humus (you can add it to the sampler) it was not great. I'd recommend going with their traditional menu (tip: the feta/red pepper option is great too!) The sampler platter is also a great option if you're looking to try a little of everything. It's not huge, but good to split with one other person and then get an entree on the side or addition small plate. The kafta kabob is delicious, served with fresh tomato, rice and a garlic whip. I also recommend getting the house salad if you're looking for a green on your plate. You can't go wrong with the goat cheese stuffed peppers or the bacon wrapped figs. Just order a body of wine, enjoy your company and let the food lure you into a perfect dining experience."}, {"review_id": "bdFEtWxFpUULVZB2RYFyyA", "user_id": "VOn55HlD1_yceSxxseq5GA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/3/2017", "text": "My husband surprised me with a birthday dinner here with friends and it was a great dinner! I have never had Lebanese food before so this experience was one for the books. For an appetizer, we ordered the Bacon Lamb Dates. While I know that sounds strange, it was the most delicious combo of sweet and savory! They also bring you complimentary pita bread that is warm and heavenly. For my meal, I had the Falafel and Vegetables. The vegetables tasted fresh and I really enjoyed the seasoning used for the Falafel. It was a good amount of food even though the prices are a bit more expensive. You do pay for atmosphere with a place like this a we loved it.  I did get a complimentary Birthday dessert which was a nice surprise! On the seasonal menu they had red velvet baklava, which was okay. It was really just a red velvet cake that had  baklava flavored icing on it. But it was free, so I can't be too upset. I just wanted to make note of it for those that may be tempted to order it! All in all loved this place and recommend for a nice date night for special occasion!"}, {"review_id": "Io0QezhfcGJDwTn7tSbtZg", "user_id": "1fg-ErdkUiQBwK5hC6W1CA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "8/31/2017", "text": "This is a great spot in downtown Raleigh. The ambiance is very relaxed and the food is solid. For appetizers we started with the dip trio of avocado hummus, baba ganoush and red pepper hummus with walnuts. I was originally most excited about the first two bit the red pepper hummus blew me and my dining companions away. I would highly recommend just ordering the full size of that. We also got the salad which was light and refreshing. The last appetizer we got were the lamb and pork \"dumplings\" which were not dumplings at all but more like falafels. To be honest, these weren't great - save your stomach space for other food! For my entree I got the stewed lamb dish. It was well seasoned and the lamb was stewed to perfection where it simply crumbled in my mouth. We were seated outside and ended up having to wait a while for our check so I would say the service is great but not solid. Overall 7/10 for this place for good food but honestly nothing mind blowing."}, {"review_id": "1pGuSqfZ6_n2zVw4ng4apw", "user_id": "hHDltEEGlvuhRjDvfbYpqg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "12/9/2017", "text": "This is a very solidly decent restaurant, though nothing blew me away.  My friends and I started with an appetizer sampler that included falafel, hummus, bread, kabobs, and quite a few other things.  Everything was pretty good except the meat, which was oddly wet and watery.  It was good enough that the five of us were getting full after the appetizer.  I ended up getting a lamb bacon pizza for my main course, with the idea that I could save most of it for the next day.  It was decent, and I did indeed eat the rest for my breakfast and lunch the next day.  The wine selection was pretty good, and I liked that they had several Lebanese wines.Even though I didn't love Sitti, I would probably go back if I were in Raleigh again, because there was pretty universal agreement that this is one of the best restaurants in town."}, {"review_id": "1lVv80J75661VzbHzO7fLQ", "user_id": "Nt7vyXyaxnyXpP4NNgrSvw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "12/29/2017", "text": "My husband works near this restaurant and raved about a special they offered here, so when we were all in Raleigh at lunchtime we decided to give Sitti a shot. The place had a few tables with patrons but was pretty empty; we asked for a booth and they declined saying it was reserved, but the empty booth that was there when we arrived was never filled during our lunch and the booth beside it emptied and remained that way while we were there. My husband commented that this seems to happen a lot there; I'm not sure why they refuse to seat people at the booths, shrug. We had 2 younger children in our party, and for containment purposes booths are preferred.The bread they offered before the meal was really good. I thought the lunch wrap had a bit too much bread though, I would have preferred more filling or a salad option for the special instead (perhaps just my preference). I did like the hummus spread in my sandwich and the shrimp was cooked well (not overdone), ingredients seemed fresh. There are a lot of drink options here and even a few nonalcoholic choices (the pomegranate spritzer was delicious!). The server was helpful, knowledgeable and friendly. The wait for food was not too long, but it wasn't quick.So...I'm thinking if you're not in a rush and something on the menu catches your eye, this would be a decent spot. Like I said, my husband raves about it...just not a favorite for me."}, {"review_id": "WWx14SPtLRvYUnnZN3ZfMQ", "user_id": "TyOXnvwmwLOomiZ6h2-ZhA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "I went to Sitti on a Friday night for a date. The ambience is great: it is well designed and understated, without feeling too casual. My girlfriend is a gluten-free vegan and she was satisfied with the amount of options. The service and food were both okay. I ordered a salmon dish that was all well prepared, but rather lacking in flavor. To be fair we went here several months ago and were wow'ed by the food, so it could have just been an off night. Overall, it was an average dining experience."}, {"review_id": "TBvO-m-jUcyEVRctAVTjeg", "user_id": "3u_C-Rp7rfMJrf891_dGKA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "I'm vegan and mostly gluten free, and Sitti has good options to meet those requirements. The service was great, however the food was pretty mediocre. I ordered the grilled vegetable kebab and for $15 I got a handful of grilled squash, zuccini, and red onion, half a tomato, and moujadra. The vegetables were ok, nothing special. The rice in the moujadra was crunchy and fairly bland. I had the beruit betty cocktail, which was the highlight of the experience."}, {"review_id": "ka_Z0Y_lYToaQ7RSi1nG0Q", "user_id": "oOqCDATE_x6UzviOzc43Cw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/11/2017", "text": "I haven't visited Sitti in awhile because I just always thought it was a bland the few times I'd been. This past visit was incredibly different and I'm a super fan now. If you like your food spicy, ask for the harissa sauce. And whatever you do, order a giant bowl of the garlic fluff - you won't be disappointed. I had the lamb stew which was perfectly cooked and tender, a little sweet for my taste but the harissa got sauce made it absolutely perfect."}, {"review_id": "3OjObc1v4WNvWEbhhUZKvQ", "user_id": "4RKyyzf6hUJnex5LQOxtHQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/3/2017", "text": "We liked the place. It has a secluded patio that is an absolute MUST for anyone who wants to have a romantic date;) We were the ones But, the rain started and we were kindly invited inside with no available tables. I wish we were better coordinated of where to land but it took them a while to find a table for us. We were offered a free appetizer (actually couple of them, but they took care of one) so we were very satisfied. The food. I'm very picky when it comes to Mediterranean cuisine but this one was excellent! I bet you are so tired looking for a place with high quality hummus, shawarma and kabob. Check this one! There pita is a BOMB!!!! The service is . The manager personally apologized for the inconvenience. We are coming back!"}, {"review_id": "DpyIYvGHzgRNeEtkSHnktw", "user_id": "irrZJjrI4dZv77TKIs3Y-A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/24/2017", "text": "Good food. Very good service. Nice for a night date. Good for groups. Relaxing environment. Always make sure to call and reserve. They are always busy. Honestly, I think it's a great restaurant but not authentic Middle Eastern food/restaurant/experience."}, {"review_id": "xuJre7FDAvYsQWI-10H15A", "user_id": "DC1hfeeSaYr2E1xwiEL81A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/16/2017", "text": "Beautiful and spacious Lebanese restaurant. Sitti was apparently named in honor of the family's grandmother. On the walls, you can actually see old pictures of their family. They start you with a basket of complimentary pita, which is dangerous since the pita is warm and freshly made. I had trouble not eating the entire basket. I think this place is especially great because of the variety of cold and hot appetizers. For appetizers we ordered the Pumpkin Hummus, Kibbee Mikli, Cheese Rolls, and Lamb Bacon Dates. Make sure you order the pumpkin hummus! What a delicious pumpkin flavor. It didn't taste exactly like pumpkin spice, but was reminiscent of it. I just wish it came in a larger bowl. I've had Kibbee Mikli before once at a Turkish restaurant in NYC. I think the one in NYC was better, but it was still delicious. The sour yogurt matches really well and the meat was well-seasoned. The spice in the cheese rolls makes it a really strong flavor, but I enjoyed it overall. They are like cheese egg rolls. I didn't get a chance to try the Lamb Bacon Dates, but it was a favorite among my table.For my entree, I chose the Kafta Kebab. All the kebabs are served with with Sitti rice, sumac onion, grilled roma tomato and garlic whip. The kebab was really flavorful, not moist, but not too dry either. The texture was decent and really great with the garlic yogurt sauce. The Sitti rice contains vermicelli noodles and is topped with roasted almonds. It was delicious because it was so buttery. The vermicelli noodles added to that butteriness.The restaurant is huge so if you're looking to have a large group/team dinner Sitti is a great option. When we came, it was busy, but not completely full, but I would say a reservation wouldn't hurt."}, {"review_id": "QBHwDVbtg8wvm-Bmbjpyag", "user_id": "Pjy5Cq8lsZjpN9hm5leBJA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/24/2017", "text": "Came here on a Wednesday night around 5:30PM. I was in the area so I thought I grab some dinner before heading back to Cary. I've always heard good things about this place so I really wanted to find out for myself.After walked in, I got seated right away since there were plenty of open spots. The bartender came by and brought me a water and took my order. I got the lamb chops since I wanted to splurge at bit. After taking my order, the bartender came back and brought a basket of fresh baked bread. The bread was decent but I really didn't care for the olive oil dip. When one of the waitresses came by with the lamb chops, she said it was her favorite so I'm pretty happy with the choice. First impression was that the presentation was on point. The dish itself consisted of three lamb chops served with a side of polenta and some asparagus. The sauce really enhanced the natural flavors of the lamb. The lamb itself was well cooked (I asked for medium-well). The polenta itself didn't really have much flavor but I think the goal was to balance the strong flavors from the lamb and the sauce.I only wished that they had more employees working that time. Looked like the bartender who took my order was really busy since she had to make drinks, take orders, and bring food out.Overall, food was great but definitely not the best Middle Eastern food that I've had."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/sitti-raleigh?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]