[[{"review_id": "iaODdxcLqZ1yNdSEOwxzfQ", "user_id": "XtVl3zpYwt0gdrw8smuuKQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "I learned a few things that day I visited Beasley's:- Honey needs to be drizzled over everything - I love fried chicken - If I lived in Raleigh I would be here at least 3 times a week When you are in the south, you NEED to have some southern food. A local friend of mine brought me and my other friend to Beasley's and it did not disappoint. This is a fast paced, fried chicken joint and was everything I could have ever wished for. When you walk in the place is packed and you can smell all of the deliciousness. They have a mixture of seating options - communal tables, bar seating and individual tables. We were able to sit right away at the communal table so we opted for that. I ordered the Quarter Fried Chicken (white meat) and then split some sides (biscuits, whipped Yukon gold potatoes and pork n beans). First off, that chicken was so juicy, the breading was incredibly crispy and the honey drizzled over it added another element of flavor. I now want to drizzle honey over literally everything I eat. The buttermilk biscuits - I am here for it. They were amazing, I have a soft spot for bread in general, especially biscuits. And there was honey drizzled over them too! The potatoes were a nice a addition to the meal as were the pork n beans which were loaded with bacon and black eyed peas. Moral of the story: if you haven't been here, get here ASAP. And if you live nearby, I'm jealous."}, {"review_id": "ntQWdET_MwOsvHoNH1RU9w", "user_id": "2tpdYbW69ZALdBumYLMyvw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "Do not wait, do not vacillate, just go! Go for brunch, go for dinner, go before you head out to the bar (that's what I did). My friend and I split a chicken leg appetizer and then split an entree and added two sides. The appetizer was good although not as flavorful as the menu would lead you to believe. Our chicken breasts were absolutely delicious...well done, well seasoned, and were large portions. I got the greens and she ordered the mac and cheese. The greens were interesting; they tasted fine but half the bowl was full of thick stems. The mac and cheese was not bad but was definitely not what you'd expect or probably want if mac and cheese was what you were craving. It had pimento cheese and red peppers throughout, which, again wasn't bad, just different and didn't hit the spot. The service was friendly and food came out quickly. The restaurant itself is a little different in that all of the seats are bar stools and can be a tad uncomfortable.In all, I'd go back to Beasley's for the chicken. The rest, I'd likely pass on."}, {"review_id": "yrhWCGcC7Z4V7XK4sBlT_g", "user_id": "H_vkN6-pHGb_3FUEUUJOZQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "Came here on a Friday night around 10pm. Ordered fried chicken and waffle with honey because this used to be my friend's favorite dish in the go-to restaurant. It was also the first time I've had chicken and waffle. We also ordered Yukon potato on the side. I am disappointed at how the fried chicken tasted. I got the dark meat quarter. There was just something missing and the chicken was not that good. However, both of us thought the honey and waffle went really well and really liked it. We also liked the Yukon potato too. Probably won't come back for the fried chicken. But cute interior design and very friendly service."}, {"review_id": "r4vvd_pYgauTNtlLYutbfQ", "user_id": "KMZDZqP__XpDKM_pqq6eYQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/10/2018", "text": "We are all entitled to our own opinions right? Well here's mine:Parking: 2Location: 5Decor/ambiance: 4Customer Service: 3Oh Beasley's... Ohhhh Beasley's....If you love Chicken you will LOVE BEASLEY's! The chicken friend chicken is AMAZING! Be sure to get a side of the mac and cheese with collards. The meal is to die for. Now if your Vegetarian, just shoot for the sides. They really don't have much that offered for vegans and veggie heads like myself. Other than that the menu is cool. i like the concept. It sits off the corner of a busy intersection downtown Raleigh so you get a lot of cool things to see if you sit in the windows. The parking kinda stinks as you may have to pay to park then you'll have to foot you way to the building so there isn't any real close free parking (parking deck on occasion). The decor is neato and the service is normally great. I called last week to make a sunday reservation and found out THEY DO NOT DO RESERVATIONS--THEY ARE FIRST COME FIRST SERVE ONLY!! Be sure to note that people."}, {"review_id": "DaO23IOsw5UWZ7bGkvcZLQ", "user_id": "RBQ2rtnMI93JuE8UyVBItg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "Classic southern cuisine in Raleigh.I wanted to hit all the food groups, so the fried chicken biscuit with a green tomato and honey mustard sounded perfect. Jeff went for the timeless chicken and waffles.  We both agreed that the fried chicken was phenomenal, an excellent crunch on the skin and moist juicy meat. We split a variety of sides including pinmento mac n cheese which was custard creamed - super unique and tasty!  Also chunky sweet potato wedges brushed with honey and some collards so that something was purely healthy on our table! There are NC beers on draft and the atmosphere of the restaurant is very relaxed."}, {"review_id": "SdmhD6ruNcDlXSFf5KiG0A", "user_id": "NWNXlZGUd3JxH_E3MYqCDw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/27/2018", "text": "I've heard so much from local NC uber drivers about Beasley that we decided to try them out.  There was a big crowd outside waiting on their tables to sit so I got really excited. They do offer be sitting on first come basis but do not take reservations. The drinks were ok..I prefer much sweeter cocktails..I had the French 235 or so...just ok. The place is easily accessible be ready to stand outside due to long lines or crowds waiting for a seat. I like the community table set up it kind if forces you to meet other people dining which is cool. I would recommend this place to anyone new to the area."}, {"review_id": "icJ33CYTi2Q1Ym6KIJ_y2w", "user_id": "LCZgiPzUKzigGdj76cygQA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/21/2018", "text": "Went to Beasley's last night while out for a team dinner while on a work trip. This place was awesome! What a great layout and the service was great too. We ordered a mixture of items to share. We started with the reaper wings and the grit fries to start. Holy reaper wings!!! This name seriously has it all down. These bad boys were so spicy I immediately started coughing and felt the heat in my chest. I had to change my original entree order from the hot chicken sandwich to the original chicken sandwich. If super spicy is for you and you venture out to try the wings, definitely use the sauce they give it to you for a reason! The grit fries were so delicious, be sure to let them cool down before grubbing on them. The classic chicken sandwich was good i ended up just taking the bread off and eating the chicken as is. We also ordered a bunch of sides - the Mac and cheese, biscuits, collard greens and sweet potato. The Mac and cheese was by far my favorite so delicious! Definitely a great experience all around."}, {"review_id": "_ZO8HIm8-uj6SapqwUdspg", "user_id": "aE3_m_nBfzVKRExDB-HJhg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/15/2018", "text": "I was here on a Monday for lunch. I was killing time while waiting for someone. First thing, as a tourist, downtown is annoying to drive. I also had to pay for parking. Not a lot, but just a heads up.I had gotten the chicken and waffles w/honey ($13) as well as the grits fries. Disclaimer: I generally prefer chicken and waffles to be at least three of the four things- well cooked, uniquely sauced, inexpensive or filling. It was well cooked. However, the spread of honey is too simple for me. Additionally, I thought the serving size was too small for $13. I enjoyed the gritz fries because they were new to me. I've never had a block of gritz.Service was ok. It was fine in the beginning, but after my food arrived, water was slow to come by and it took a couple requests to get my check. tl;dr chicken and waffles are good, but not unique. I would rather just get things on the menu that I can't cook or reproduce somewhere else. Portions could be a little bigger. I'd prefer Dame's."}, {"review_id": "FlU7a0P9cRPBNPibpMO1Xg", "user_id": "VOn55HlD1_yceSxxseq5GA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/18/2018", "text": "Talk about so awesome chicken and waffles! The combo of honey, chicken, and waffle was perfect, and you get a large amount of chicken! At first, prices seemed really high, but once I saw the serving of food, it made sense. The tables are communal style for the most part, which was cool because we got to make new friends.There is a pretty long wait always so just be prepared for that. It is worth it though! Overall I recommend Beasley's to any and every fried chicken lover!"}, {"review_id": "v1swJDwAHzF747Ecc6Xkyw", "user_id": "x_Frpa8QWc25FDJ5BJM8tg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "I haven't tried the Chicken and Waffles or the brunch here yet, but the Nashville Hot Wings bar snack was amazing! Not for the fainthearted though - I love spicy food and this was definitely spicy! My friend has come to Beasley's often in the past. She got the Chicken and Waffles this time and enjoyed it as well."}, {"review_id": "LGIokvJ17xE_IA75pdrygg", "user_id": "LtQFcgaklLee6r13B_jRFQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/24/2018", "text": "I found Nashville Hot Chicken in North Carolina! So hot, it gave me hiccups. It's the only thing I order and it burns in my stomach for a good 12 hours after eating, but I still want it again the very next day (when I recover.) Hurts so good. Also, them whipped potatos!"}, {"review_id": "_x84Q5h4djuRyf_gQPjftQ", "user_id": "FvXY-tzPWmn2XB-ZIs3Vuw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/2/2018", "text": "This shouldn't be news to you, but they've got great chicken, waffles, and biscuits. I ordered the chicken and waffle and it was definitely a classic that's worth getting. The chicken is super crispy and moist.Short wait and fast service despite the long line. Great food, but a tad pricey for the small portions. Although the menu on the wall provides a nice aesthetic appeal, there are items you're likely to miss. So make sure you ask your waiter what they have based on the time of day and daily specials.Depending on the time and the day, the wait can be crazy. It seems to be worse on breakfast/brunch times on the weekends. Easily one of Raleigh's best, classic spots to go to."}, {"review_id": "Ir6D9xO4ly7ViR0SOWJwDA", "user_id": "Kq5zTpRLcIHDGLJ989oyGg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/11/2018", "text": "In Raleigh and looking for a classic dish. Come here for some Chicken and Waffles. This place was top notch and stellar. The Fried Chicken which you can go dark or white meat . It was the juiciest piece of chicken I have ever had. The waffles with hot syrup made this dish an A+.  The classic chicken sandwich looked delicious on a Potato Bun. Everyone else in the group had the Chicken and Waffles and were satisfied. We also decided on some sides including Sweet Potatoes with honey which were delicious the mashed potatoes and the green bean casserole with the best onions I have ever had. This meal was great and worth coming by. Just advising you now get in early or expect a wait. This location does have a full service bar. Also small point but they don't have paper menus just on the wall. Great Meal great experience."}, {"review_id": "k1QcsGuLSlKGOoGn05ounQ", "user_id": "WJVedIAJN0FRxDn6M1tLkA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "OMG the brunch here is unreal. And so is the wait. However, if you can snag a seat at the bar then you can perhaps bypass the wait. The chicken was good and they ask whether you prefer light or dark meat. However, the shining star of brunch has to be the grits. Seriously even if you don't like grits, you will like the ones at Beasley's. Super smooth and buttery, my mouth is watering just thinking about them. Food comes out quickly, which is always a plus."}, {"review_id": "OVAqpzW0UPq7vYoUDqKunA", "user_id": "DoDEt5dnWnFEHUAnt_HdQQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/29/2018", "text": "Y U M.That's all!Just kidding. Beasley's is awesome - great food and drinks, and with the southern flair that everyone is looking for when visiting Raleigh. I sat up at the bar and had a great chat with the bartender who had more than one menu item to recommend. I went with the veggie sandwich and a side of the Mac and cheese - my goodness it was good. Phenomenal cocktails as well! I am looking forward to coming back when I am in town again."}, {"review_id": "PHRxrVd4gshLQlupMOxaGA", "user_id": "WTMjAyaoSe8qOyvEwKTaZw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/10/2018", "text": "I LOVE Beasley's chicken SO much. I mean I can eat this Chicken and Waffle like every weekend if I have patience to wait their longass line. I mean reallyyyyy long haha!We came here last weekend with our friends and man, I was so excited about our brunch because we hadn't been here in forever. Anyway, we got here a little before 11:30am and they said it would take about 40 minutes. I was like dang, they opened at 11am and this place was packed. Like everybody was ready to come and eat their chicken and waffle since 10:59am. I mean don't get me wrong, I think they have the best Chicken and waffle in the world! We waited over an hour to eat this chicken and waffle and I am not going to lie, I was so hangry. They said it would take about 40 minutes and it took way longer than that. But again, once I got my chicken and waffle, I was the happiest girl in the world. I mean how'd you create this thing? Sure, they are pricey but yes it's deffff worth it and I will eat every single piece!!!And have you tried their mac n cheese?? OMG best mac n cheese ever. Just trust me and get mac n cheese side next time you go there, you won't regret it! I love Beasley's chicken a lot even though things can add up and get expensive. My only complaint is their waiting issue. It is so frustrating sometimes especially if you are very hungry and you've been waiting for 30-40 minutes. While we were waiting for our turn, I saw couple empty tables and staff weren't doing anything. They were just talking to each other and hanging out and that kinda upset me. If I am waiting for your awesome food for about an hour and seeing empty tables, I expect to be seated soon.Maybe sunday morning isn't the best time to go to Beasley, I would recommend going there after 1pm. We got seated around that time and thats when things got better. If you are visiting DTR or you know, just feeling fancy(because Chicken & waffle and Mimosa for brunch sounds amazing), I highly recommend to try Beasley's! Hope they will improve their waiting issue, can't wait to eat their Chicken and waffle again!"}, {"review_id": "QqdLxt9Bcy6CbdF2vQEXwg", "user_id": "wLGfVCgOdNKzJ3TGTzlvLQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/30/2018", "text": "No reservations, so be prepared to wait in line. I walked by this place a few times on Saturday night and there was always a line outside. We ordered a dessert for takeout and asked for 2 sets of silverware, but didn't get any. It was pudding and we were in a hotel, so no way to eat it :(. I called and they said they'd take care of the charge. Two of us arrived on Sun morning at 10:50 and there were several in line ahead of us, but we were early enough that we were seated right away and got a private table. Service was very quick and friendly. We enjoyed our cocktails and food. The prices were reasonable. My only improvement area from this visit was the bathrooms. The floor had debris on it that made it seem like they hadn't been cleaned between closing the night before and opening that morning. It was early enough and dirty enough that I doubted the mess had just been made that morning. Still a very good experience and I'd recommend."}, {"review_id": "sFYQNd19z_ZVj6Bz9aTPew", "user_id": "faOwS8E6QiaTkOW-hT33JA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "If you like fried chicken (who doesn't?), this place is an absolute must. Sinfully delicious.We were waiting for a table and ended up eating at the bar. Service was excellent and friendly."}, {"review_id": "jVew3y9SC0O6NqU1zzUHcA", "user_id": "8OZEER43TDga3_tXSkJckA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/3/2018", "text": "We visited Beasley's based on the great reviews we read all over yelp and its numerous appearances on \"Best Food in Raleigh\" lists and we were not disappointed. Kelsay kept it classic with the Chicken and Waffles combo with 2 breasts. As you might assume from the restaurant's name, the fried chicken is drizzled in honey. Although Kelsay isn't the biggest honey fan, she loved the chicken and the waffle itself could be a meal alone! (its not your average light little play play waffle) I decided to switch it up and go for the Nashville Hot Chicken sandwich, and even though i love spicy food, this sandwich ain't no joke. I seriously went through 4+ glasses of water trying to put this thing down! With that being said, the sandwich itself was good, but I think i got a bad piece of chicken... it was mostly breading and very little chicken, but hey you win some and you lose some! Overall I was a good sandwich.We also couldn't pass on the sides, and boy was the Mac and Cheese a winner! Hands down it was probably the best thing we ate, so please do yourself a favor and try it! We definitely recommend Beasley's and will be featuring them on our instagram page @redplatespecial !"}, {"review_id": "Nj0oXC8qx8W9xapZjgDB6w", "user_id": "KWgvi8lKB4RyoWz6f0u15w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "This place has amazing charm , great drinks and charm. So if your looking for Southern cooking and great night out invest  time here. I recommend chicken and waffles with the Mac and cheese. Top that off with a Dark and Stormier."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/beasleys-chicken-and-honey-raleigh?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]