[[{"review_id": "b0c2NT7e_gsfBYlKGQ7oCw", "user_id": "aM8M4q7xOKLES0wDJNwFOA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/18/2018", "text": "TLDR: best pho in the city, go go go!This is my go-to pho place in Cincinnati. The spring rolls are always fresh and delicious, and the noodle salads and pho bowls are always perfect. They have a huge variety of different Vietnamese drinks and teas (try the Vietnamese iced coffee if you like sweet coffees, you won't regret it!) and a variety of different meats for you pho. Prices are reasonable and worth it for the best pho place in Cincinnati. Located in Findlay market, it's also just a cool spot to grab a meal before or after checking out the different vendors and produce at Findlay market. Thank you, pho Lang thang for saving me from hangovers, sicknesses, and pho withdrawal with your food!"}, {"review_id": "lCTk6TkD7kmsl3FCmd8VHA", "user_id": "TQLJ8m9cewC_mTrJciygLQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "Absolutely Amazing! Great Vietnamese food. Try the sandwiches, and pho, start out with a couple spring rolls and walk out completely satisfied!!Just came back again for another great vietnamese meal.. Had a Chinese BBQ banh mi sandwich.. Absolutely delicious..ill put it up there with my vietnamese mother in-laws any day. Don't let here know though....."}, {"review_id": "4rYIDzPdavrQe6hXtXpucA", "user_id": "XCXOzS3AekUGbOsexWeVdA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/5/2018", "text": "Ok..so..first and foremost, I am not a fan of Pho. I actually don't like it all. So why you ask would I go to a place that is so predominantly Pho oriented that it literally has it in the restaurants name? Well, you know, sometimes everyone in your family loves Pho and you're hanging out one afternoon and that's just where you end up going.So, basically, this review is being written for anyone who might be in a similar situation as me..not being a fan of Pho but being brought here by a bunch of people that love it. If you're looking for a detailed review of the Pho itself..well then this review is not for you.We went on an early Saturday afternoon and the place was PACKED. There's an okay amount of seating but for how popular the place seems to be..maybe not enough. We were quoted a fifteen minutes wait for our party of six..and it ended up being close to an hour. This was not the fault of the staff by any means tho. There aren't that many options in there for a party of six, so we had to wait for another party of six to be finished to take their table. They finished their food and then literally sat there for an additional half hour..full well knowing how busy the place was and that they were holding up everything. No joke. So frustrating. The wait quote would've been more accurate if these idiots would've not decided to veg out for a half hour after they were done eating. Some people are just clueless to the world and situations around them sometimes..oh well..what can you do.Anywho, the hosts and servers were overly apologetic for the extremely long wait..but we weren't mad..again..it wasn't their fault. Once seated I began scanning the menu looking for something that sounded good. I came across the \"Banh Mi\" section..basically sandwiches. Looking through them the one I thought I would enjoy the most was the \"Bahn Mi Cha Lya Nuong\"..or the Grilled Pork Sausage. I went ahead and ordered that..minus the do chua and the cucumber cillantro that came with it..but I said to go ahead and put the sauces that they normally would..and add some jalapeños for an extra kick. So bascially..the Grilled Pork Sausage sandwich with no veggies (except jalapeños). Yup..that sums up my kind of food pretty much.My nephew ordered the Spring Rolls..which were the other item on the menu I thought I would enjoy..and he agreed to let me try one (knowing full well that he is such a finicky eater I would probably end up with at least one full spring roll to try).The food came out pretty quickly. The sandwich was good..very interesting flavors. The baguette they used was perfect..the sausage was really tender and flavorful. The sauces they use made it taste..interesting. I could've sworn I tasted something with a peanut-buttery flavor to it..but I'm not sure what that could've been. Now the spring rolls were excellent. They were just honestly delicious. Crisp, flavorful, just the right thickness. I would definitely get those again.It has to be of note that the service here was absolutely wonderful. Our waitress, Courtney, could not have been better. She was friendly, accommodating..our orders were put in very quickly and our food came out just as we had ordered it. She was patient with the kids in our group as well (trust me, patience with them can be a bit difficult at times). And then at the end she made sure we got an additional discount for the extra time we had to wait for our table. She didn't have to do that..we would have never expected her to..but she did anyways. Just overall some of the best service I have seen in a very long time. Kudos to her.So there you have it..non-Pho eaters..a sandwich and some spring rolls. There's your go to if you ever find yourself here. Both were very decent. Between that and the superior service we received..I absolutely would recommend this place."}, {"review_id": "sA-x8tQOK_-KVzyCZlzNNA", "user_id": "P1CmquU-MhWfPwzc7Lu-SA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/14/2018", "text": "I came here for a weekday lunch with a friend on a cold winter day.  I had been craving pho all day, given the cold weather and all, and was excited to try Pho Lang Thang.  I was not disappointed!Food:I split a beef bahn mi with a friend as an appetizer; in hindsight, I wish I hadn't.  The grilled beef is sweet and tangy, and left me wanting more of it!  For my main entree, I choose the medium pho bowl with steak, brisket, meatballs.  I'm a pretty good eater and always bring an appetite, and found the medium to be an ideal size for me.  The pho is pretty good, while maybe a bit lacking in flavor.  It's not super oily, and comes with generous amount of meat and garnishing.They also have Vietnamese coffee, which I didn't try this time around, along with sodas, beer, etc.Service:Our server was very friendly, as was every person we interacted with.  Great, helpful staff.  No one rushed us out the door and they were very helpful and quick.Facilities:Pho Lang Thang is in a prime spot in Findley Market.  I came for lunch during a weekday in winter, so Findley Market wasn't very busy, but Pho Lang Thang was disproportionately busy.  We didn't have to wait to be seated.  Simple tables and chairs, along with a simple decor.  The restaurant is in a corner spot, so lots of natural light from the windows make this a great place to sit and people watch."}, {"review_id": "AwI3xNSWhza6zxUINKojxg", "user_id": "5wZ4FZqLigwhSTGuEspefw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "After running the Flying Pig Marathon, I wanted to eat carbs. So I put in search words: asian food, noodles and vegan, and Pho Lang Thang came up top. So I went. I had the vegan pho soup with tofu and mushroom, and it was good, maybe not super flavorful but I like my food with less salt anyway. The service was super fast and my server was very nice and attentive. Recommend!"}, {"review_id": "TSaa3QOnI1QXZxeDCfESfg", "user_id": "pzZpptEBG6Yc4eI6GeScow", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/14/2018", "text": "This is one of my favorite pho places in town. Its location is perfectly tucked in Findlay Market. There is a parking lot right around the corner if you don't want to bother looking for street parking  ($2 per hour). It's usually packed in there so it's nice to be able to wander around while you wait for a table. My go to order is the small pho (brisket, tripe and tendon) for $9.50. (I prefer to substitute brisket with beef meatball though.) I asked my bean sprouts to be steamed (to keep my broth hot), extra jalapeños and a side of fish sauce (in case I need it to be saltier). Service is ALWAYS on point. They do a good job with hiring good people that makes the experience pleasant."}, {"review_id": "oKWX8NAcLrePPRHzOsv6wg", "user_id": "yRSvkDBmf7vbEm6TYggiqA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Hands down the best in the city. Maybe Ohio. Maybe the Midwest... see where I am going with this. I always split a bahn mi and noodle bowl with my husband and don't forget the Vietnamese coffee. You literally can't go wrong here. Expect it to be busy since everyone seems to be mulling about Findlay Market waiting for a table bus this is a must. Figure it out"}, {"review_id": "7revgik8wPd-JAY_RZr9dg", "user_id": "Um5bfs5DH6eizgjH3xZsvg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/4/2017", "text": "My father in law wanted to take us here on the market day. Parking was difficult, but TOTALLY worth it.  We waited about a half an hour to be seated, but once we were, the service was phenomenal, the food was amazing. The guys had beer to my vietnamese coffee.  Our mains were 2 bowls of Pho and one of their bowls of vermicelli rice noodles with grilled pork and shrimp.  The food was amazing, I mean REALLY amazing to the point that I ate every scrap of food and I never do that in a resturaunt setting. I always leave food behind. The portions were just right."}, {"review_id": "FwRLj0fK6wFy9OeqFt17XQ", "user_id": "jbaX1MVpqk6cjmcwf6N57g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/28/2018", "text": "Had a yummy lunch here. Their service was great and everyone was friendly. Tried the steak/brisket pho and the chicken sandwich.  Both were delicious.It's interesting that they have combinations for the pho. Th at allows you to try several dishes at once. The chicken. Was yuummy but waas lacking a hint of sauce. Would definitely recommend this place to others"}, {"review_id": "UAQCui8cbo2YhRjjUqRNIg", "user_id": "aZBElL1MShf2HuqAEXHN5A", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "Not great, not bad. Pho broth is a bit sweet. Goi cuon has a thick strip of pork."}, {"review_id": "zbaCW6owrVFW0RPeiU-l6Q", "user_id": "u766nLu7-4ptpYTPdlGbnA", "rating": 1.0, "date": "2/17/2018", "text": ".... the fact that this place is so busy is beyond me. Basic AF flavorless pho. I got the vegan rolls and vegan pho with bamboo shoots, mushroom and tofu. First rule when making vegan food, you have to over compensate with seasoning to balance out the fact that you are not using meat. They literally just threw in raw no flavor/seasoning added tofu and veggies . You may think I'm just being a hater but please believe me .. if you ever had real pho or even half decent pho you would be as flabbergasted as me at this mess."}, {"review_id": "3WLO3l8JhpUDgGaWcTUOFA", "user_id": "fNVo5ifzXVASl7dwHVCKtA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/29/2018", "text": "As of right now, this is my go to place whenever I crave for some Pho. And to be honest, I only ordered Pho (and Vegetable Spring Roll every now and then) everytime I visit them, I should probably explore their menu next time but for now their Pho is a must try. The soup is so tasty and flavorful with the combination of the fresh vegetables and meat cooked in the warm soup, damn makes me want to order for one now. Oh and the another good thing is they have a big portion with very affordable price. In addition to that good thing, I love the fact that the taste of the Pho never changes even if its dine in or takeout. You should try their Pho Bo Dac Biet my all time favorite Pho. Try some other items on their menu and let me know :)"}, {"review_id": "yet4dQoGJ-EPnjtezD66rw", "user_id": "Qb4e8ZmUXdmEU0fJIWhfdA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "I've never been disappointed with Pho Lang, I get the same thing every time and am never disappointed. The cherry on top for me is the iced Thai coffee that they bring out and takes a minute to drip into a cup with sweetened condensed milk, flavor is so rich and bold. You then get to mix it and pour over ice if you like. One of those items I wish I could snap my fingers and it would magically appear in front of me."}, {"review_id": "2gqjbVJ0gOzJbU5Ud8UT7w", "user_id": "ffTDv9IJPB5jFfFovKGA4Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/14/2017", "text": "I finally made it to Pho Lang Thang in Findlay Market after over 5 years of living in Cincy, and it was very good! If you've never had Pho, you need to try it. Pho always hits the spot on a cold evening, and it fills you up without making you feel too full.I ordered a Pho Chay (Vegan Soup) and decided to go with the Dac Biet (with tofu, mushrooms, bamboo shoots). My all-time favorite Pho in in the city is from Cilantro in Clifton, but this was a close second. One thing that I would say is that the broth was a bit blander than I expected. I ordered vegan/vegetarian Pho at other places that had much more flavorful of broths, so that was my only complaint. They have a pretty extensive menu, and I'd like to try more of their pho at some point!As for drinks, definitely try the Da Chanh (Vietnamese limeade) -- it really hit the spot! Another perk for all of you bubble tea lovers is that they have a few flavors from Boba Cha (mango with jelly and taro with tapioca boba, from what I can remember off the top of my head)! (Check out my separate Boba Tea review if you want more info about their bubble tea.)Overall, Pho Lang Thang was great, and it does live up to the hype! Can't wait to come back again this winter!"}, {"review_id": "DYo2LNSDm6oaHurjRwjy4A", "user_id": "QnGekEZI3LjbNZGB8HISzw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/9/2018", "text": "We ordered a BÚN CHAY (FRIED TOFU - VEGAN) to share and I got a BÁNH MÌ CHAY and my wife got a BÁNH MÌ GÀ NNG. My wife normally is not a huge fan of Tofu, but she really enjoyed the fried tofu. The sandwich was so good. The only down side was the bread was a little flaky."}, {"review_id": "UhvY9GNxnx0fZo8hiyXAWw", "user_id": "KxBYXLf25UJue-leiN9WeQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/10/2017", "text": "Best Pho I've had in Ohio so far.   I had to drive 2 hours for it and it did not disappoint.   Broth was savory, fixings were all good.  My only comment that keeps this from being one of the rare 5 star mom and pops pho joints is that there was not any tendon in the Dac Biet which is a must.  Everything was fresh and tasted good. Highly recommended if in the area."}, {"review_id": "Tyz_1NWt6FwHmSG5sGCh-g", "user_id": "hj4aa1TGtSaedGOyB49gjg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/6/2018", "text": "Pho Land Thang is 'doin' the damn thang!'. Amazing pho, best in town. Small space so I wouldn't recommend going with a big group. Every time I have gone I have had to wait for a table. I don't mind the wait- it is right in the heart of Findlay Market and there is plenty to do/see while you wait. I just wouldn't go if you were in a hurry. In the summer they put tables outside which helps with the seating situation. But I prefer to go in the cooler months, nothing better than some warm Pho on a cold day. Last time I was there I got the 'PH BÒ' (beef soup). I slurped up every. last. drop. YUM!"}, {"review_id": "bWpMzwT7nyLS1eOUK3wW_Q", "user_id": "4YLEZjZmxpWvRZPa0gDSDw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/17/2018", "text": "Finally had the Pho! It was a perfect snowy Saturday to meet up with the gals and hit up Findlay for some pho. Convenient location. Large enough to have zero to totally acceptable wait times. And while it was busy at PLT. We had no wait for a tbl of 4 around 1pm. The menu is large and the questions were many. But the nice waitress was willing to provide highlights and details. Finally we all went with a few diff varieties of pho. I was a newbie and went w the server recommended- brisket. My gals were ranging from acquainted to expert pho tasters. And they had: brisket, meatball and steak comb. , brisket & meatball and chicken. And they were all very happy. The value is great considering I went for a small at $8 and even had a bit left over. Really enjoyed them bringing a dish full of extra toppings so you can customize; especially a fan of the fresh herbs! In previous visits I had only had there salad. And now I can't wait to go back again this winter and get some more pho and add some spring rolls will ya!"}, {"review_id": "GNSaR28slDSnXjKvUL0ZwQ", "user_id": "97Z-9mzXOH_GaqtiYXgTVg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/27/2018", "text": "The pho tai (beef pho) is phenomenal! Thin slices of rare beef cook in a delicious broth as you eat it."}, {"review_id": "pnIOWu069ty125_9w-E2oA", "user_id": "GQJwmLVIYIkEB9kC3HJN1A", "rating": 3.0, "date": "10/15/2017", "text": "Very disappointed with quality and lack of flavor. Came here on a Saturday morning. Surprisingly no wait. Sat down quickly and order with my friend. I started with Vietnamese coffee was condense milk. Legit and no complaints. We shared the fried spring rolls. It was incredibly salty. I personally like my food savory yet was surprised by level of salty ness. My friend agreed and we both have to wash it down with water. I got the pho with rare beef it did came with good amount of garnish. However, it was less than 4 piece of beef which was over cooked and dried. I was disappointed also with overly oily broth that didn't not obtain any flavor at all. I had to discard layers of it before I tried it but couldn't even finish most of my pho at the end because it was too much. Our waiter came was super busy and came by the table to ask how it was. I complaint with disappointment and he said he will talk to the chef about it. At the end he told most of the meal charge away to apologize. Hence the additional star per my review today. Would not come back for it. Would recommend more authentic pho place elsewhere."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/pho-lang-thang-cincinnati?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]