[[{"review_id": "zF27iTjzX0Bhre6aGyjAzw", "user_id": "D3jD3N0m8Q3PVvILx1KeuQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "Important to note: We came on a Sunday, they start serving food at 9:00 am. The service was great! Everyone was very attentive. I liked the feel of the place because it felt like a little community spot. Very cute & quaint! I love how it is stashed away in the neighborhood.This was our first time in Cleveland. We were here for the Cavaliers vs Pacers Game 7! Go CAVS! The husband and I arrived at 8:30 am. We got a coffee and hot chocolate as we waited.Once it was 9:00 am, they promptly started taking orders. I ordered the Baked Mac & Cheese with apple sauce and grapes. The husband ordered the Omelet with potatoes and fruit and also ordered the Pecan Bacon. The apple sauce is great!  For me Mac & Cheese can get really heavy and the apple sauce breaks it up in between bites. My husband was very happy with his omelet. You can tell the freshness of the ingredients since it is a farm to table cafe. The pecan bacon was really nicely made, tasted like candied bacon that would go really well in a Bloody Mary. It was the perfect start to our day!"}, {"review_id": "loZQY9l2Q7XU8UPcXrdlAQ", "user_id": "v_8IhAUt_vh2WpHLhvG01g", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "We finally came here for brunch on a Sunday after hearing all the hype. We already knew that they didn't take reservations but you are allowed to call ahead on the same day so that's what we did. They gave us a waiting time of 20 minutes so we drove out there right away. All together, we probably waited about 30 minutes from when we called to put our names down which was quicker than I thought it would be. There is no parking lot but there are some street parking options. The restaurant itself is pretty small. The waiting area is essentially a little open foyer right in front of the entrance where everyone is crammed waiting for tables. Not the best set up since I think there is always a line for brunch. People were spilling outside and it was not warm out. You can grab a coffee or pastry from the take out counter while you are waiting though. We ended up ordering the shipwreck and the curried chicken salad sandwich. The shipwreck tasted really good (eggs mixed with bacon, potatoes, cheese...). I felt like there were too many potatoes. The curried chicken salad had a lot of flavor but didn't taste too curry-y which I liked. Both dishes were tasty and hit the brunch spot but were pretty standard in terms of creativity. I think I was expecting more than what I got because I built it up too much around the hype. I did appreciate that they used mostly local products and the service was really good, which I think made up for the food experience. Not sure if I'll come back again because I think there are a lot of nicer brunch places, but I would say it's not a bad place to try."}, {"review_id": "IatN0L8cMTlLbDEUKL1neg", "user_id": "0dBZWWZBCWJ-1noLT6k88g", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/1/2018", "text": "Why do people like this place? I went here several times just to be cool...I was unimpressed and still...not that cool ;)Food: TastelessAtmosphere: cute but nothing to make me say \"I want to live here\", just an old house settingService: like an airline, polite but not reallyOut of the places I've been, this is just not listed as one of my faves. I mean, it's ok...that's the reason I go there when one of my kooky friends want to. But several of us agree...meh.*as a side note, they aren't super accommodating if you're gluten free."}, {"review_id": "XNu6kAlrhSl8sqPivIdiUQ", "user_id": "YkZarGOu8P9r3ISxya_BIA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/24/2018", "text": "Yum! Lucky's Cafe is a great brunch/breakfast spot. We went on a weekend at around 9am and were seated right away. A wait started to form between 930-10am. Street parking was super easy. Food wise, I tried the shipwreck which was really good! All your breakfast favorites in one--eggs, potatoes, bacon, veggies, and buttery toast. Large portions too, and I am so excited to eat my leftovers! The biscuits and gravy seemed to be another popular option. I kind of wish the menu was a little bigger, but they do have one entree that was on the specials menu. Our coffee was refilled often and service was great--fast and friendly :) They have a bakery case in he front with a nice looking selection of desserts, scones, house made granola. It's not cheap though, so I didn't try anything. Overall, great place. Would definitely go again as long as we go early to avoid the wait!"}, {"review_id": "xGSuNFNr7XaoeJKdUD9MMw", "user_id": "Nlw4qbIl_1Iz_Aogagv5ew", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/7/2018", "text": "A must try in Cleveland! They have morning brunch hours and afternoon cafe hours. I went during Café hours and it was quiet and spacious (great for studying). Barista was super helpful, nice, and patient with my indecisiveness. Lucky's has an amazing selection of sweet treats and a cookie called the happy cookie! Very clean area and has outside seating. I had the toasted coconut crusted lemon tart with fruit! Cute place and definitely want to try brunch!"}, {"review_id": "vlnDMYYqTcjvACu21Y3crw", "user_id": "0HPh7XAC3E6Avo00vbx0iQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/4/2018", "text": "I came here on a Sunday afternoon for Brunch with some friends. The wait was only a half hour, and they were eager to get us to our table so we could relax before our meal. The servers were lovely, and I was feeling a bit ill, so I had some communication issues, but they were patient and allowed me the time I needed to chug a glass of water before I croaked out my order.I had the smoothie of the day to start. It was overall very good, but a touch too sweet; it was made with yogurt, berries, and honey, and I don't think the honey was actually strictly necessary. I think I would also get it without whipped cream next time.My meal was the Canoe wreck, essentially a breakfast scramble with tofu instead of eggs. It was overall very good, but I felt slightly underseasoned. I probably could have remedied this with some salt and pepper, but unfortunately, there was none at my table and my voice was too croaky to ask for any, which is no one's fault but the virus. I hope to come back here again and try a sweet brunch dish as that tends to be my go-to."}, {"review_id": "JQBgK2dcfNr9fIugiwe0MA", "user_id": "5TptzLvexZOMRvqQB0c3mg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "Lucky's is everything Guy Fieri found it to be when he stopped in to sample the food. The menu is inspired and eclectic. The guajillo pepper sauce is really a unique mole sauce drizzled over a burrito and delicious! They make there own hot sauce and jam, both of which are worth taking home. The Italian white bread made in house was the best piece of buttered toast I've had in my life!"}, {"review_id": "l3iTNiNZSXCbfkE07fWVmg", "user_id": "cpnhtHbD0nGhHNKvb4glXA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/9/2018", "text": "As I'm scrolling through my past activity on Yelp, I noticed that I have somehow not written a review for Lucky's cafe. Well that needs to be rectified NOW. I lived in Cleveland for five years, and this place was my favorite brunch spot for three of those years. If you're a brunch person (specially vegetarian) like me, you will not be disappointed at Lucky's. Food is farm to table and fresh! They have some incredible dishes like the shipwreck. Heck, even the Mac and cheese is delicious. Ratatouille is sometimes featured on the menu and honestly is the best I've ever tasted. Now my staple at Lucky's was their waffle. The waffle flavors are seasonal (so I would recommended that you call and check ahead of time if you may not care for a flavor) The blueberry waffle is INCREDIBLE. A personal favorite.The coffee is flavorful. Pastries to go are always a good idea! It is a bit pricey. Wait times can be long, specially on the weekends. So plan to hang around for 30-45 minutes in those times. But trust me, food is worth the wait and price. 14/10 would recommend."}, {"review_id": "hIiOhUzfv2KcglJ0Fl0zig", "user_id": "fSU4IoS57DeC5pS3-fijjA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "10/25/2017", "text": "Easily one of the most laid back brunch spots I've ever gone to. I literally have nothing negative to say about this place. The place looked busy so I was ready for what I thought would be a 30min - 1 hr. wait for a table, but we actually only waited 10 min. Our waiter (Geoffrey) was sooo kind, such a pleasure having him wait on us. The atmosphere here is really relaxed and inviting. The outdoor seating was nice, just be prepared to be disrupted by bees or wasps if you do decide to sit outside. Luckily they weren't too annoying and we were still able to enjoy our meal.The food here is amazing - huge portions at reasonable prices. I ordered the Shipwreck and Cream of Cauliflower Soup. Let me just say that both of these dishes will automatically put you in a food coma (or actually any dish on their menu). The Shipwreck is basically a scrambled up omelette with sides of toast and fruit - definitely enjoyed this dish! The Cream of Cauliflower Soup was also enjoyable, consistency was perfect.If I'm ever in town again, this will be my go-to brunch place. Highly recommend!"}, {"review_id": "tI21BpS84cOhi-EhjPan5Q", "user_id": "VBiSJXrtqHTTwrGQuTeigQ", "rating": 2.0, "date": "3/27/2018", "text": "Don't let the blonde hair fool you,  fool. Due to my work schedule,  my lunches are always after 1-2 pm.   Like I always say, it's the best time of day to gauge the food and service.   This was the case at Lucky's.Because this was my first dining experience at Lucky's,  I was subjected to the farm/table speech, there's our garden over there,  we make this and that right here, etc.  Save it for the tree huggers.  I enjoy my plastic and Styrofoam. Although every last minute diner had follow up,  I did not.   A standard regular occurrence for single diners. I'm saving the best for last.   The redheaded waitress was engaged in a flirtatious conversation with a walk in customer.   As I was getting ready to leave,  I heard her talking about someone \"Just another dumb blonde from Westlake\".  I know she wasn't talking about me because she forgot about me long ago.  As I was leaving I said,  \"This dumb blonde from Westlake is leaving now.\"   At least I'm not a sloppy looking redhead.Oh the food.   I had the Shipwreck.  Nothing special.   I make stuff like that at home all the time.  I think the only difference is that I buy my food from the local grocery store,  I don't know if any of it comes from farmers within a 100 mile radius.I understand that people sit out there forever to eat Sunday brunch.   That's a head scratcher.  Same food stuff going on at a bunch of other places."}, {"review_id": "ai8ahOd5JGp31ePMkslrlA", "user_id": "K7ycpHvXlBkJ1kW0DJawRQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/5/2017", "text": "My favorite brunch spot in Cleveland. My coworker from Germany tried Lucky's a long time ago and after returning several years later, the ONLY thing he wanted to do in Cleveland was to eat at Lucky's. The food is that good!The Biscuits (flaky biscuits smothered in creamy sausage gravy) and the Shipwreck (mix of eggs, cheese, veggies, bacon, and hash with toast), are my usual go-tos, but I've also tried their four-cheese Mac & Cheese and their seasonal special Zucchini Cakes with Ratatouille. Everything here tastes fantastic! And the dishes are always cooked with fresh, locally sourced ingredients.There's usually a wait here on the weekends - if you come with a larger group, definitely come earlier or much later (before 3pm) to avoid the lines."}, {"review_id": "4h8ELr30vbpiro8JeFX7jw", "user_id": "j_AIJ5ZHjYf-yGS4JypEcA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/17/2018", "text": "Oh how many early Sunday afternoons have we spent standing in the cold waiting for our name to be called for the wonderful brunch! And it has lived up to our expectations each time! We've brought every single one of our out-of-town guests here and they have all loved it.My personal favorite: the canoewreck! Protein+carb+fruits+flavor= perfect brunch! Coffee and desserts are awesome as well. One of our favorite Cleveland places."}, {"review_id": "YBRbn40abGfskavE9szk0A", "user_id": "LYOvyedhKD3eqs4dJrp6yQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "6/11/2017", "text": "No joke I've wanted to come to Lucky's for almost two years for one thing, and one thing only. The granola. During a road trip pit stop in Cleveland, I HAD to come by here. The granola is excellent and keeps you full for a really long time. The soy latte...wow.Everything they serve is as fresh as it gets, from the eggs, to their freshly baked bread, to their homemade jam which by the way is the best jam I've ever had. The service is very good and the servers explain where all the ingredients have been sourced from.New York needs more places like this. Until next time, Lucky's!"}, {"review_id": "Q_87FuY06TXQwWyI-vHI0Q", "user_id": "n0qDtCIu3HtOuVne51K2Fg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "Oftentimes, there is a line to get seated... Lucky's is well-worth the wait! Their Mac n' cheese is a flavorful, go-to choice."}, {"review_id": "oMG3wE4WIq851Tq3MD4XKg", "user_id": "fExufa5x7mnvbVAwciJoAw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "The pictures on here don't even come close to doing it justice. Farm to table and freaking delicious!! Huge portions and you can literally taste the love in the food. Best brunch I've had in town!"}, {"review_id": "OGhgZkTxjMUWAwrl8YT6vQ", "user_id": "4F59l8scDgg6BQx0HGRtcQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/4/2017", "text": "My husband and I arrived prior to the full breakfast service starting, so our only options were coffee and pastries.  While the coffee tasted like burnt popcorn, I could have eaten one of everything behind the glass case.  Go ahead and treat yo'self!"}, {"review_id": "C4wMefC2ewen78bz4tj7Cg", "user_id": "FcBXr5q0Hytm0Xpg7e5E4A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/14/2017", "text": "Great spot for some yummy breakfast or brunch!We came on a Wednesday morning so luckily there was no wait. If you're into locally sourced and organic food this is definitely your spot! We ordered a variety of things and everything was super good. The shipwreck was bomb - I was able to order it without the bacon. Honestly, the portion was so big, it would have been enough for two people to share. I think it came with for slices of toast or so. They had homemade raspberry-strawberry jam which was OMG so damn good. Probably the best jam I have ever had in my entire life. But as far as I know the types of jam they have rotate.Our table also had the grilled cheese - which looked absolutely amazing, waffles and biscuits and gravy. Everything was definitely 100% legit and recommended. I like to call myself a coffee snob but would give Lucky's the thumbs up. The latte's dairy and non dairy were on point. There's really not much to complain about besides a few minor things. Lucky's is pretty pricy. As a family of 5 (one is a child under 2) we spend almost $90 on breakfast. Additionally, there is no kids menu/meal available so I'd say this place isn't really family friendly if you ask me. Also, parking stinks, we went on a non busy day and had trouble finding parking in close proximity. Other than that, I'd recommend this place for sure!"}, {"review_id": "hLRZjsBwjIWhKNdAZz4tOA", "user_id": "DKLNGXwPkpmQllOdsUt09g", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "We stumbled upon Lucky's while visiting a friend in Cleveland. I had high hopes for Lucky's - a very efficient hostess, good coffee while we waited (in a lovely park across the street), and an interesting menu. Here's where things went awry for us - we had one of the most persnickety and unaccommodating waiters I have ever encountered. Anywhere. Or perhaps it was the restaurant. Absolutely no substitutions - including no option to substitute or simply remove a side of hash browns from the plate! Every request, no matter how nicely requested, was met with a no. So while the food was good and the ambiance interesting, beware of the service - or at least one particular waiter!"}, {"review_id": "OBib4YSYf0fsu9TjH0_hVw", "user_id": "WLV3Yez4v6Heaxl_3sAUXQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/9/2018", "text": "I happened to cross paths with Luckys one Sunday morning and was happy I tried it out.  I enjoyed seeing the staff pick the fresh herbs from their garden.  Small but good breakfast spot."}, {"review_id": "RUaYcQZ48Y0LoE65a5EDEA", "user_id": "yyGp1_3i_zhfpBVIY4Xaww", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/20/2017", "text": "Ambiance: Came here at noon on a Saturday an the place was just at capacity, we only had to wait 5-7 minutes. They have a bench in front of the coffee bar you can order from while you wait. Staff were incredibly friendly and checked on us intermittently through the meal. They provide a bottle of water with your glasses so refills weren't a problem.Food: Started with a cappucino which was quite good with a nice rich medium-dark roast and stiff copious foam. The corned beef hash special was well-executed with their house-made corned beef being moist, not too salty, and having a light sear on the outside to give it some texture. It was mixed with fresh corn which was an unexpected twist but balanced so it didn't overwhelm the other flavors. I've had beefier more concentrated-flavored corned beef hashes but this was a very solid 4/5 for the dish. The bacon was interesting, the pecan layer had a mildly sweet nutty flavor almost like a plain cookie which complemented the salty savoriness of the bacon. I probably wouldn't get it again but i'm not a huge fan of sweet and savory. Finally, we finished sharing an apricot almond scone which had a great crumb and tiny chunks of apricot inside which were delicious.Overall I really enjoyed my visit to Lucky's cafe. The food is quite delicious although it may not be the best i've had. I think given the solid service, good selection, and the attention they pay to their dishes, it is a great dining option. The only thing holding them back from a higher star rating is the admittedly high prices which for something like $12 for a bowl of granola and fruit nicely-arranged just seems excessive."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/luckys-caf%C3%A9-cleveland-2?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]