[[{"review_id": "y8M2Y-URN3Rj94ARyrL6GQ", "user_id": "T65eg20c8-ywtIsWPrDzeA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "I love this bougy-ass place. The ingredients are super fresh and their recipes are delicious. I always want to have everything. Get a side cauliflower. They will make you love cauliflower. Like magic how they take a boring honky white veggie like cauliflower and make into something so delicious. Inspired! Also, two words... lamb bacon. You can get like beer too. My only complaint is that the trashcans are stupid. You'll see what I mean. Oh, and there's that Xenos connection thing too  but, shhhhhhh....."}, {"review_id": "eWFAo4iQkn4tc_zpv7b46g", "user_id": "d6SjlqZWpuG0IKP6tww6Ow", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "Thanks for being immigrant friendly. My cousin moved here from Russia. She was trying to get away from the attacks in Ukraine that have been going on for decades. I took her to Brassica and she really enjoyed it.  She did however leave to go back to Ukraine stating our country has to many \"stupid\" laws. She specifically didn't like that we forced her to go through the immigration process and others didn't have to. I miss her!Thanks for making delicious food!"}, {"review_id": "XYOlekAbFEDT35Qxw0AzHg", "user_id": "WUS18j0jelgia6jxEOMBFg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/9/2018", "text": "If you're looking for unique Mediterranean cuisine that's also on the healthy side, Brassica is your go-to place. I've eaten here a handful of times and I'm continuously pleased with my meal. The food is always quality and I love that it's a fast casual style as well! However, my first complaint is that the venue is severely cramped inside... sometimes it's hard to find an open table or seat come dinner time, so be prepared for that. Secondly, a lot of the options to add to your bowl or pita are on the spicy side. There could be more options in general to appeal to a wider variety of people. Nonetheless I always return back to Brassica wanting more!"}, {"review_id": "bOzYM-sz2fUfudpDEwsc8w", "user_id": "f0yhk6JGL_AGduBdPt1JLw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/2/2018", "text": "Brassica is a very popular spot, and I can see why. It's located in the Short North, the food is Instagram-worthy, and there are lots of ways to customize your meal. It's set up like Chipotle, with a choice between a pita and a salad, and then you add everything else. I got the salad, while everyone else I was with got s pita. I have to say I wouldn't really call it a salad- it has a base of lentils and rice, then \"greens\" which are good but not really enough to constitute a salad. It's more of a bowl with lettuce. It also costs $2 more than a pita, which I'm not sure is worth it. I chose falafel instead of meat, which was delicious. I also enjoyed the pickled veggies, choice of sauce (I got tahini), and having hummus in my \"salad\" as well. Overall, the salad itself was pretty good. The disappointing part of this meal was the side of fries, which my friend got. They're $2, come in a very small cup, and we honestly nothing special. The service was excellent here, and the atmosphere inside is fun but it would be hard to get a table during busy hours-- especially for a group of more than 3 or 4. Side street meter parking is also your best bet, but that's standard for the Short North."}, {"review_id": "sK_Y02qvf4cmTrPEi3X14g", "user_id": "Wpymrt1lxWAUAba3tpp1kA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "Having a food allergy makes eating out a bit daunting, but Brassica is your safe haven for nut allergies! They don't use ANY nut products, which is so comforting. The atmosphere here rules, it's trendy and comfy, and the marble tabletops are the perfect background for a photo op. I always go for the salad bowl, which is their house made rice and lentils on the bottom, with their lettuce mix and all of the toppings you pick. I love their brisket, but I usually just skip the meat and go vegetarian here. With all of the flavorful add ons, I don't miss the meat at all. I love their drinks and appreciate that they offer lots of options. Their pink minty lemonade is to die for, and they have the good crunchy ice. Pro tip: get extra crispy onions, they add a ton of texture and flavor!"}, {"review_id": "5Ymcq3x-TMdp2cKH0v2rug", "user_id": "3xIZdXe0ZJSLnckt11pH6w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/12/2018", "text": "Great lunch spot in the Short North! I am a huge fan of Mediterranean food, and Brassica didn't disappoint. It was one of the first recommended restaurants I received upon moving to Columbus, and I'm hitting myself in the face for not acting on it sooner. Located in the Short North next to some pretty inconvenient construction, Brassica offers pretty basic, homey Mediterranean food in a cool and trendy space. They could definitely use a few more tables, but the bar space against the wall utilizes the small area pretty well all things considered. They offer pita sandwiches and salads - I ordered a falafel salad with fries. The salad comes with greens, mujadara (lentils and rice), hummus or baba, and your choice of toppings. It's one of those classic Columbus build-it-yourself places in the same vein as Bibibop and Chipotle. The salad was sooo good - it was a hefty amount of food, perfect for lunch! The lentils and rice were cooked to the right consistency (which can be hard!), and the falafel was perfect! It was crispy on the outside and not mushy at all on the inside; it was whatever the falafel equivalent of \"al dente\" is! There were tons of toppings to pick from, which was actually quite nice in retrospect, as most falafel dishes in other restaurants come with the same amount of falafel but without all of the extras. I highly recommend the spicy eggplant in particular - it was life changing. All in all, I was impressed by the service, the atmosphere; and the food. I'm not sure if my opinion would be different if it was busier (we came at an off-hour on a Sunday) and the parking situation is very sad as is the case with the entire short north, but it was a very positive visit. If you're in the short north, it's worth a try!"}, {"review_id": "zYpNuGOV-HOoR4uy7OqUDw", "user_id": "lG6R_BUMi9BduH3caTFw-g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "My coworkers told me that this place was their favorite in Columbus, so I gave it a try. Although it was different, every component to the sandwich was amazing! I had the brisket and added hummus, cabbage, cauliflower, crispy onions, the house sauce, and some other toppings I can't remember. The pita bread was so fresh and soft. The meat was so flavorful. It had a fun vibe to the place and the staff was great. It was so so good and it is now my favorite place to eat in the short north! Next time I want to try it with the shawarma chicken."}, {"review_id": "X2xdjjMMQmKp9M-FvUjmow", "user_id": "N1YCDhu3QXIgVhZVgSA7Ag", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "This place is set up like Chipotle but with Mediterranean food. The food appears be be really good quality and the falafel is cooked fresh every 5 minutes. It is a bit on the pricey side for this type of restarting with an average meal costing a bit over $10 but the taste is worth it. The portions do seem to be on the smaller side though, so if you have a big appetite, you might want to look elsewhere if you are starving. The staff was friendly friendly as well!"}, {"review_id": "YOH-0_XuP6L7iylU4rEumA", "user_id": "JVoI8PjfVDGnyfMBRQc8eg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/12/2018", "text": "Probably my new favorite restaurant in the city. It's like a Chipotle style restaurant but for Mediterranean food. It's so good. Everything taste so fresh. And no matter what you get the flavors seem to come together flawlessly. I normally grab a sandwich. The brisket is hands down my favorite. But I like to mix and match things. I'm normally not a fan of things like eggplant and cauliflower, but here I can't go without. Everything just works with their food. Everything comes together in perfect harmony. Their house special sauce is amazing so make sure to try that.One of the best things about the place is the people who work there. They are very cool and relaxed, and happy. They will joke with you and make sure you have everything you need. Sometime you will hear them laughing behind the counter with each other and things like that, which shows that they really enjoy their job and their kindness doesn't feel forced like a lot of restaurants. And of course the place is set up very nice. Its gives off a very cool vibe. A lot of natural lighting in the front and very back. With dim lighting through. You get a clear view of the kitchen from all angles with the counter located in the middle of the place. Make sure to try this place out!"}, {"review_id": "2RW9LFEGTt6wFpussjbyAg", "user_id": "xdJgvF8Z2AKjbc_dtDzPJg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/10/2018", "text": "The food for the price is probably worth five stars, but I did have a few issues.The first was when I ordered a sandwich, the server cut my pita and then examined his cut thoroughly, and then tossed it right in the trash.  Was I supposed to be impressed by quality that he threw away a pita that was cut a little too much? The waste was really grating on me. A sandwich doesn't need to be picture perfect! Flavors are the real key.The next thing was that the restaurant payment system automatically prompts you to tip. This place is very Chipotle style, not a typical tipping place. I literally went through 4 employees, so who am I even tipping? Are the workers getting paid a fare wage if I don't tip them? Perhaps this is a criticism on the American tipping system as a whole, so I guess I won't deduct a star for it. I also felt annoyed that they will just let you grab your food \"for here\" even when the place is full. I suppose you can look around and see, but if I am paying $10+ for a meal, I am not happy to have to eat it standing.That said the chicken salad and falafel sandwich I had were delicious. I particularly enjoyed how many topping you could try. But I would skip the fries. You can get something as good for cheaper at normal fast food."}, {"review_id": "7hn8B2mHXfDLk7uqWjBhOA", "user_id": "Gi6Wq9DrTrNFjh2ZtTE59A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/27/2018", "text": "Hands down my favorite casual food stop to visit when I'm completely famished. Even with a line out the door, the service is quick and the food is plentiful. The style is \"build your own\" so Brassica is often referred to as \"the Chipotle of Meditarrean food\".I'm personally not a fan of their dressed salad greens but I still opt for the \"salad bowl\" (it's more food at the end of the day) and ask for more lentil and sides instead. When I have enough self control, their bowl can be split and saved as a whole other meal. It's a ton of food!Their meats are heavily seasoned but delicious and you're allowed to order a mix as long as you're willing to pay for the more expensive option. All that to say that my favorite dishes are their veggies: home made cukes (pickled cucumbers) and roasted cauliflower and eggplant sides. Every time I'm graced with out of town visitors, I make sure that we squeeze Brassica into our itinerary. Check it out if you haven't! It'll become your new landmarker on High Street."}, {"review_id": "W2k9r_TO_U9MP0jyNiOemg", "user_id": "na72Ih1lfJ2aE0-s0v7lrA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/30/2018", "text": "I don't like giving mediocre or negative reviews. I usually only review a place if I've really enjoyed it, or if there's something worth pointing out. But given the sheer number of great reviews for Brassica, I can't help but feel like a \"so-so\" review is in order. My girlfriend and I wanted something Mediterranean late in the day, and turned to Yelp for advice (as usual), and after poking through several reviews, we figured this would be a good option. It certainly wasn't a BAD meal by any means, but the menu options are quite limited to begin with, and they were out of brisket, which is what I was really hoping for. The chicken was fine as a substitute, but the cost (over $10) for what amounts to a good-but-not-great stuffed pita was a bit disappointing. What a lot of reviews don't really touch on is that Brassica is basically like a Chipotle or Qdoba, but for Mediterranean food. This isn't a bad thing, but I can't help but think it's a bit (dare I use the o-word?) \"overrated.\"Again, there's nothing wrong with Brassica -- I just think that for the money, there are certainly better options...even in Italian Village."}, {"review_id": "Mz2kX4dBnvHYVmLLNFz5-w", "user_id": "-ABtA9-c_bn8HlzF5LoN0Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/22/2018", "text": "An amazing place to dine at! Love the ambience, food and the people here.I always end up ordering the falafel pita sandwich over here. It's very tasty and you get to choose every bit of its ingredients. Well, you get to chose ingredients for almost anything that you order here. I like the fact that Brassica is located in downtown and still offers reasonably priced food.I would recommend this place to anyone who loves Mediterranean/Greek food."}, {"review_id": "yLdqwJY2Eqw6JKexwK-_4w", "user_id": "RolhrnFDAjQdwzHQx9Osdw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "This place never fails to satisfy me. I've been going since before they even had their sign up, so I'm a loyal fan. It was a much-needed fast-casual addition to the Short North. Flavors are delicious, staff are friendly. Definitely go if you've not yet been."}, {"review_id": "I9ymcUDb5pBZJmoyo2q_eQ", "user_id": "0PCM8QMFWatpzBMRUVOVbQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/14/2018", "text": "Wow! This place was busy even at 5:30 on a Monday! There was a line to the door the whole time I was here!I came with three other friends. I think groups of 4 is the max you can fit in a table as the space is not large to accommodate for larger groups. We found a table along the wall towards the back, but space here can get tight if you come during a busy hour.Still, the line went fast! Service was really good and they were really nice and smiley! They had run out of falafel but told us they'd call us up once they had more cooked. The tea here isn't sweetened but the guy told me I'd be the first to know if they did. Haha.A friend and I both got the falafel sandwich while another friend got it as a bowl version, and another friend got the chicken shawarma as a sandwich. I also added a side of fries which I thought was pricey for the tiny amount they give you.All the food is so colorful! I liked the flavors of it but I kinda miss the crunch of falafels. This one was soft. I can't remember what else I put in my pita but I did put a carrot mix in it and since it was cold it was a weird contrast with the warmth of the rest of the pita. I think because some of the stuff is sitting out and not warm if it's been out for a while. For some reason, as I got through half of it, my stomach started to feel upset. One of my friends also felt the same way. I saw another yelper say the same thing. Maybe it was the oil or the fact that some ingredients are pickled? Not sure but it made the meal very filling.Everyone else thought it was decent as well. Kinda expensive, to be honest. Again, it was very colorful and I like the build your own idea for it. The options were different and all very good! It's definitely a place worth trying I'm Short North."}, {"review_id": "KtPKfi5GXvSBKqlGV5WzOA", "user_id": "EBqOfSAvI1giMy1cc1Lwnw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "So good!! This place is hands down one of my fav places to go in the Short North area! The sandwich is what I usually get and with the hummus, it's perfect"}, {"review_id": "Jx1Sq553XVO-rp7niIzt8w", "user_id": "rQRJ4Mi2EWgNVaVWJGaG4w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/23/2018", "text": "We were in a pinch and needed a quick dinner at 5pm, but when we arrived at Brassica the line was already out the door! We were told is moves very quickly though, so we waited it out. And yes, it does move super quickly, and people typically eat quickly and leave, so the tables open up quickly as well.I love me some mediterranean food so I had high expectations! The pita looked so fluffy so I had to order a sandwich. I went with extra chicken (always my go to) and this thing was stuffed sooo nicely. I initially worried that a sandwich wouldn't fill me up enough, but they did not skimp on the food here. The chicken itself is good but a little too salty for my tastes. However, you get to pick your own ingredients, so if you're smart about it, you can offset the salt pretty well with hummus and your choice of veggies.I also ordered a side pita, but I did not finish it. I love pita, but here it is way more bread than pita. As a sandwich it worked great, but as a side, it tasted more like I was eating a roll (they're quick thick). Obviously fresh baked bread is nothing to complain about, I just much prefer a flatter pita!"}, {"review_id": "LSGiU6eg342MC_JOx_QK8A", "user_id": "Ng3pvTZJR7vXZ49hYnWzow", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/7/2017", "text": "You know you're going to give a place a good review when you start trying to figure out when you are going to come back again before you get your food.  I actually asked my wife when our schedules were going to let us come back again for lunch before we even had our order in hand, much less tasted anything.I had the bacon pita sandwich with a bunch of extras while my wife had the salad with brisket (quick question--is a salad a salad when brisket is involved?) Both dishes were absolutely amazing, though I preferred the bacon in my sandwich over the brisket.We also had the Brassica Fries, which are just french fries with some spices on them.  They're fine, but definitely take a back seat to all the other awesomeness going on with the rest of the meal.You owe it to yourself to give this place a try.  I'll be back again soon."}, {"review_id": "4H6-OUJ_jkE_8ySN6FvD7g", "user_id": "KrWOXlZyh0CB1123PxcrPg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/1/2018", "text": "Brassica is definitely really good. Whenever I am downtown or find an excuse to be downtown, I go here. This place is great! The service is always on point and the food is always fresh and tasty. What I will suggest that you try is the chicken and brisket in a sandwich with the greens, rice, carrots and dressing. The meats are super tender and always succulent. Out of all the times that I have frequented this place the thing that I truly admire is that it's always consistent. If I could eat this as an option everyday. I most certainly would. The fries with the sandwich are pretty good. They are even better when you eat them together at the same time. The drink selection are cane soda fountain drinks, lemonade and iced tea. I typically get the lemonade and iced tea and mix them together. The ambience is pretty nice and the place is always clean."}, {"review_id": "ZbO5o_4MEYesFu34b2oacg", "user_id": "3g4Lh-OQbsCLdweyqBVdWA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/10/2018", "text": "Brassica takes fast casual to the next level. The ingredients are so fresh and delicious, the staff is very friendly and helpful, and the ambiance is super trendy! I've started eating beef again, so I've been trying the brisket. It's harissa rubbed so it's a bit spicy, and it's very tender! The spicy eggplant is my favorite add-on. If you're trying avoid added sugar, the eggplant is the only add on that doesn't have it which is disappointing."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/brassica-columbus?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]