[[{"review_id": "GL_vtwmmjagsKDSUTZpahQ", "user_id": "0CgKWW4QC0z-6nG9VtDxFg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Absolutely marvelous!!  The wine, the food, the atmosphere.  If you're worried about being too full midway through a multi course meal, don't!  They portion the courses accordingly so there will be plenty of belly space until your last course, at which point you'll be quite full.I love the various palette cleansers in between courses and the surprise take home granola bar at the end added to its charm.  The granola bar themselves are delicious, one of the best granola bars I've had!The menu changes every season, but I'm pretty sure everything will be delicious seeing as how everything I've eaten here is delicious.The service is also top-notch."}, {"review_id": "IrVYDFKdDHsObt7pH7IBZg", "user_id": "2MQL7sdvYIFW07OY_OAN2A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/24/2018", "text": "This is definitely an experience more so than a dinner. Going in had my doubts that the food could be worth the price, but by the end of the night I can honestly say it was worth every penny and then some.We enjoyed the five course option to celebrate a birthday and strategically chose different options to taste as many things as possible. Our favorites were: 1) The Gulf Shrimp - Perfect combination of taste and texture2) Ox Tail Raviolo - Best dish on the menu in my opinion. 3) Chateaubriand for two - The perfect entree as everything was made perfectly to order with good sized portions. They use the cart from the Maisonette, which was a nice touch as well.All the desserts were phenomenal and I can't imagine anyone being disappointed. Will definitely return for the next big celebration."}, {"review_id": "59s_MzkvRmVAdwsiRqWHxA", "user_id": "Irh0Uhq5t2Kiq8I0CugVbA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/21/2018", "text": "1. Atmosphere - An Art Deco designed and built hotel built in the late thirties. Absolutely breathtaking luscious elegant and at the same time very welcoming and comfortable. 2. Staff - From the hostess to Chris and his charming helpful professional knowledgeable team we couldn't have had better service. It was as if we were the most important people in the restaurant. 3. I honestly can't describe the complexity and orgasmic enjoyment from our meal at Orchids. Just check out my pics. The food is rich and exotic creative and dreamy. 4.  Perfect for special occasions, when we told the waiter it was our anniversary they presented us with a beautiful treat."}, {"review_id": "ov8bBhf3HXL9AIu5xWckMg", "user_id": "616-4KojG_d_ISvHd_0GMw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/19/2018", "text": "Orchids... One of my favorite restaurants I've ever been to (and for good reason). Definitely in my top 10 favorites list thus far.The service, food, and atmosphere of this place is top notch. The only other restaurant I can think of right now (in the States) that has met these same high standards is BoccaLupo in Atlanta (tasting menu).Every single dish we sampled had 8+ flavors (seriously) that worked harmoniously together, yet also tasted spectacular individually. We both ordered the 10 course tasting menu, and yes, it was definitely worth it!This is also one of the few restaurants in Ohio that I've dressed up a bit for, but the dress standards ranged from casual to dressy - heck, I can't wait for the times when this class of food is a casual adventure for us. ;)For those looking for an impressive tasting experience, this is your place! I very much look forward to the next time we come here!"}, {"review_id": "XocH3hC2wNsZc6dWOM9b-Q", "user_id": "DKulUOOXpLnY8hb-gmlxIQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/8/2018", "text": "Chose Orchids at Palm Court in the Netherlands Hilton Hotel for a client dinner. Perfect for client or intimate conversation. Serves dinner-onlyMenu is 3, 4 and 5 course prix fixe dinner. Can also order items à la carte.Professional, attentive service.Food was deliciously prepared. Small, tasty portions. I chose the scallops, and would order again.Oxtail ravioli appetizer was spectacular, and a few of them would be a meal.In addition to the three courses, we were offered a complimentary crepe before Course #1, and Falafel between Courses #1 and #2.Pluses:  * You can order two appetizers and one entrée for the three-course dinner. That's what we did instead of including a dessert* Tables are spaced apart for quiet conversation* Menu is online with prices; but disappointed wine list is unavailable* Complimentary valet parking.Good wine selection, with I note higher markup consistent with high-end restaurants.Next visit I would choose instead a table and not sit in a booth, which I found too large."}, {"review_id": "KVmckqDWESyBpTtU175_TA", "user_id": "U64faeCxuzq0Pt6qjo060Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/26/2017", "text": "Spent a lovely Saturday with my mother and sisters-in-law enjoying afternoon tea at Orchids.  The tea cost $36 a person and includes valet parking, choice of tea, and and selection of tiny sandwiches plus an incredible selection of pastries and desserts. I am not a tea drinker, but I did enjoy my chamomile and especially enjoyed the brown sugar option available at the table in addition to the white sugar and cream.I liked all of sandwich options; I believe their was an egg salad, a pimento cheese and some sort of veggie sandwich... so yummy!  The selection of dessert was so vast, I couldn't possibly remember them all.  There were mixed berry tarts, scones, and muffins to name a few. The restaurant is beautifully decorated and an absolute experience in and of itself, and the service is phenomenal.  The only thing I found amusing was that the waiter couldn't seem to track down a pen for me to sign the check.  This was a great time and I I highly recommend it!"}, {"review_id": "W7thZXisWi17DXr56WOIFg", "user_id": "J88UuPikZIt3a3Tyz-lh2g", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/21/2018", "text": "Environment and service are wonderful, as are a few menu items like the oxtail raviolo. However, I found most of the items I ordered off the tasting menu to be a bit heavy and unoriginal. The scallops entree lacked a melt in your mouth texture, and the multiple sauces and spices on the plate was a bit confusing. I find this to still be a great place for special occasions, but not if finding the best food in the city is a priority."}, {"review_id": "ZNjonpN-QBgzzzYh6kJvqA", "user_id": "qHfF2JNnGMjYiiKa0no6GQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/4/2017", "text": "DING DING DING - we have a winner! This is my new favorite restaurant in Cincinnati. I made a reservation online for my boyfriend's birthday dinner. There was a \"special notes\" section, so I noted we were celebrating a birthday. I was called on the morning of the reservation to confirm, and they noted the birthday, and asked who's birthday we were celebrating, and also asked if either guest had food allergies or special dietary concerns. We have neither, but thought the upfront nature of this was a great idea. When we arrive to the beautiful restaurant, we were thanked for the reservation (which I found kind, as it is basically a requirement to have one in order to eat dinner here). We were greeted at the table with a beautiful printed message wishing my BF a Happy Birthday. And the touches continued from there. The food was spectacular, the service was the best I've ever experienced. The birthday boy loved his cocktail made of the single barrel Four Roses, which is hand selected semi-annually by the chef and staff.I typically order basic food items with familiar ingredients, so a very foodie place like Orchids makes me step outside of my comfort zone, especially when surprises between courses are brought out. The servers did a wonderful job explaining each amuse-bouche, and the chef had an impressive presentation. Other highlights include: - The best mashed potatoes and Bearnaise sauce with asparagus I've ever consumed- Perfectly cooked, seasoned and cut steak- Beautifully plated and delicious desserts- A granola bar sendoff to enjoy as a \"midnight snack or breakfast\"The next day we already wanted to return. We'll certainly be back."}, {"review_id": "Ze-6fuwhP49Wdzuci96-IQ", "user_id": "VegE3_w3NRBgRcsb3x26sA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/22/2018", "text": "The brunch buffet on Sunday is worth every penny!The food selection is amazing from prime rib to eggs Benedict with an omelette station and more! What bumps this pricier brunch up to 5 stars is the service and the decor!If you've never step foot in the hotel, you're seriously missing out. When you walk in it feels like you're stepping out of a time machine into the world of Art Deco. What a lovely sight!They were gracious enough to take our reservation for 10 and have us in our own private room! The service was extremely attentive and the bloody mary was awesome!I will definitely be back!"}, {"review_id": "qlQ7vJedxu-9wmpAiAAGPQ", "user_id": "AAEXF90_dMKehXnQ9ndpPg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/5/2017", "text": "What a treat!!! Brunched in a elegant history filled venue.graced with wonderful old feel of the 1920's. The brunch was super omelette bar,fresh made waffles with all the trimmings. A carving station with prime rib and ham in house made horseradish sauce..yum.Specialty sandwich station.pastries and cheeses galore . Fried chicken with all sides.. salad selection with fresh fruit ..last but not least desserts only a pastry chef can create. Tasty as well as beautiful. Large ice sculpture dressed up the tasty dessert area...A must for Sunday brunch.Service was impeccable. Tables graced with whit tablecloths, linen napkins, sparkling glassware .A reservation is a must very popular.Will not disappoint! !"}, {"review_id": "N1llXbuT7W9AkaEDllY-qg", "user_id": "qdiAglnHmmZGkoCHe92jrg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/26/2017", "text": "This place is worth it.  My wife and I finally went to this place for dinner the Saturday before Christmas.  I understand the rewards and recognition they receive annually.   Because the menu changes seasonally it's hard to tell what will be on the menu when people go.  With that being said,  if the Ox Tail Ravioli is on the menu you MUST order it.  It is spectacular.  One of the best dishes I've had anywhere so far in life.  We both did the 4 course option so we could have experienced 3 courses and dessert. We highly recommend going for dinner and plan to return at some point for a fairly impressive Brunch we hear goes on."}, {"review_id": "JeUc5bWod45FYIMcLrAYqg", "user_id": "UYYYtMd-8GZ8c0vQTS4z5A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/14/2017", "text": "Fine dining to a T. Gorgeous interior design and decor (the restaurant is inside the beautiful, historic Hilton Cincinnati Netherland Plaza), romantic ambience and lighting with live music on weekends. The food was IMPECCABLE! Dish presentation A+++Prix fixe options were fantastic and reasonably priced for the whole culinary experience. The flavors for each dish -- FIREWORKS! Hubby and I were having Remy moments throughout our 4 courses (here's looking at you, Disney/Pixar fans).This was our second rodeo, and chef definitely delivered again!"}, {"review_id": "Nsxp9lr6i7W7P1-7fjaaQw", "user_id": "QH1D5MGGaQAaoJ98kItjCQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/14/2018", "text": "I have lived in Cincinnati since 1998 and for some dumb reason finally just got to Orchids. It was happily the best meal I have had in Cincinnati. While admittedly the service, at least early in our time there, was actually very uneven, the team made up for it in spades as the night progressed.And the food was the hero anyway. Every bite was decadent and delicious. We had the four-course menu, heavy on seafood, and went all in on dessert. We didn't regret a single element.I cannot wait to go back."}, {"review_id": "HWzNENMwLynIbHCl9m9Ykw", "user_id": "dNrsDIeSQn8_BX0Lnivc3Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/25/2018", "text": "We recently had dinner at Orchids and were pleasantly surprised.  The restaurant is located in the lobby of the Netherlands Hilton Hotel.  The decor is a throwback to an earlier era and was absolutely beautiful.  The hotel is well maintained and the restaurant is well appointed.  We arrived early and had a cocktail at the lounge.  We recommend the house Old Fashioned....it was excellent.  Service in the lounge was pleasant and informative.Our table was a pleasant, comfortable corner table.  We had plenty of room and did not feel cramped.  The wait staff were knowledgeable, discreet and helpful with negotiating the menu.We opted for the 5 course dinner.  The beet salad is very tasty and fresh.  The oxtail ravioli was outstanding...full of flavor and wonderful texture.  The halibut and duck were absolutely wonderful.  They were both well prepared and complimented each other.As we finished dinner the wait staff checked back to see if we had any closing comments or feedback.All in all, it was a pleasant evening and wonderful dinner.  It is expensive but worth the experience.  Two thumbs up!"}, {"review_id": "6BVT5WFWXL5585k7O6dpnw", "user_id": "9EMAmK8Q9C4ZFJoqmlx8Bw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/8/2017", "text": "If you live in greater Cincinnati, and you've never visited Orchids for Sunday brunch, drop what you're doing and run to the car. Their brunch buffet is fabulous both in selection and quality of the fare.Salads, cheeses, breakfast favorites, an omelette bar, chilled shrimp and cracked crab legs. Prime rib and ham carving stations, fried chicken, etc. The dessert bar is outstanding, and probably deserves a review of its own. Service is friendly and expedient.It's crowded. Make reservations, or otherwise you may not get in. The cost when my wife and I went was about $40 each. It's a steal when you consider a brunch at Matt the Millers is around $30, and pales in comparison to both selection and quality. We will definitely be back. A great experience!"}, {"review_id": "lzpL9LFuCY-knFk9vlYIpQ", "user_id": "o5dI2Ozw_IgYsoH6x9RPOQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/23/2017", "text": "Be prepared to have top notch service and your taste buds awakened! Our family went for a birthday celebration and everything was amazing. The wait staff was on top of their game. We had a few surprises with our meal, the amuse bouche and foie gras. Corn soup was #1. Steak, scallops...every bite was savored. Desserts were decadent. Petite granola bars for all to-go. Go! Worth every penny!"}, {"review_id": "YnkBBVsMesVghTGlRigVyw", "user_id": "WEKc2TqlnMX6lgaB5aPySA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/16/2017", "text": "My husband and I came to Orchids for Valentine's Day, and it was absolutely BEAUTIFUL. Service, ambiance, and plating were all the most high end I've had in Cincinnati...They really know how to make you feel special here! Almost all of our dishes were absolutely perfect, but we did have one plate (out of 8 total courses) that was not good at all, which is why I can't give them a perfect 5 star review. I can't wait until our next special occasion to come back to Orchids though, and I would highly recommend it!For Valentine's Day, they did a 4 course price fix menu for $90 per person. Yes, this is pricey, but it's worth every penny! This is the kind of place where they bring you new silverware with each course, and they serve the entire tables dishes at the same time (oh so fancy!). I would recommend dressing up...my husband wore a suit and didn't feel out of place at all. The decor is art-deco 1920's and very impressive. The ceilings are very high, covered in beautiful paintings, and everything is so gorgeous and fancy it's kind of hard to describe...Just go check it out for yourself!We started with an amuse bouche that was a carrot souffle served in an egg shell, incorporating all of the parts of the carrot and it was AMAZING. It definitely started the meal off on the right foot. For the 1st course, the best dish was the beet salad (check out the photo below, it tasted even better than it looked!), which was hands down the BEST dish I've had in Cincinnati. It was slightly sweet, vinegary, earthy (from the sage), crunchy, soft, and just so complex I could have eaten ten more of those.The 2nd course was where we had our low point...My husband ordered the scallops which were served in a soup that tasted like a Manhattan clam chowder. That was also a beautiful dish, and the scallops were prepared well, but the soup was overly salty. So salty to the point that we both think the soup may have over-reduced because there's no way the chef could have tasted that dish and sent it out. We didn't even finish it. We probably should have sent it back, but it was Valentine's Day and we were having a good time, and frankly I hate sending dishes back.The main course and dessert were all absolutely lovely, I just wanted to highlight the few dishes that stood out to me. They ended our meal with homemade candies and macarons, and a rose for me (isn't that sweet?!). Valet parking was free for those dining in the restaurant. The highs of this meal were higher than any other I've had in Cincinnati, but we had one low point. I still absolutely loved our meal here, and I can't wait to come back (maybe for happy hour because I can't wait until our next big special occasion)!"}, {"review_id": "okYLuK5l0Cx3YOrIj3WxkQ", "user_id": "hHRr_8dXa43nfQE8kfsPJA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/18/2017", "text": "The restaurant was pretty good. It's one of the more unique dining venues in Columbus. We started with the mozzarella balloon salad and the lobster salad. The mozzarella was ok, but the port gelee sauce it came with was delicious. The lobster salad was amazing. Nothing to complain about here. The lobster was great, and the crispy fried egg was rich and delicious. The egg palate cleanser in between our meals was mediocre. I ordered the loup de mer which was not as good I was expecting it to be. The white truffle on top really didn't have much flavor and to my disappointment, didn't taste like the usual \"truffle\" flavor found at restaurants. Although the loup de mer was below average, the chicken and the lamb dish were tender and delicious. The waiter explained that Orchid actually needs to apply for their lamb orders and only certain restaurants get chosen to receive the orders, and the meat did live up to the hype.Lastly, all of the desserts we ordered were absolutely delicious. I ordered the sabayon which was absolutely amazing. The flavors complimented each other very well and there was even a little sorbet that it came with.Overall, although some entrees and appetizers didn't live up to the hype, the meal was pretty good."}, {"review_id": "DVzbF1ykRCmTEa9n6_Fd8A", "user_id": "uZbIzVlYLu8Etg8wUXyRlQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/24/2017", "text": "After staying at the Netherlands several times the most I was able to sample from the menu were appetizers they allowed me to order at the bar. As the wife flew out to meet me we decided to reserve a table and enjoy the tasting menu, it was certainly worth the experience.We were promptly seated at our requested time and presented with the extensive wine list and menus. As we decided to do the five course tasting menu we also selected the wine pairing. The very accommodating aspect of this was, unlike many other tasting menus, we were both able to order different items and have them paired with dissimilar wines. It made it much more unique and enjoyable as there are a few menu options I prefer that the wife does not.The amuse bouche was first to come out which was a mushroom flan topped with a fennel emulsion. The flavors worked very well to the point where my wife who does not like fennel enjoyed this very much. The bread service was quite nice with the brioche rolls being the best.My first course was the house cured ham which tasted like a cross between prosciutto and jamon which was served over gruyere and a warmed slice of brioche. A very decadent ham and cheese.I next had the foie gras which cam with a rhubarb compote and served over a johnny cake. The dish was paired perfectly with a 10 year old sauterne and was amazing.My third course was goat milk gnudi served with pickled ramps and a ramp puree along with chokes and parmesan. As I am a huge fan of ramps it was nice to get them several ways. The gnudi were cooked perfectly and paired harmoniously with the ramps. My main course was the lamb, served medium, that came with ginger-glazed carrots, braised fennel and jus. It was perfectly and went well with the cabernet selected by the sommelier. For dessert I opted for the sabayon which was served with blood orange (another seasonal favorite), passion fruit, coconut and white chocolate. The texture was perfect and while the dish sounds heavy and complex it was in actuality quite light and the perfect ending to the meal. There was barely room for the petit fours that were brought out prior to receiving the check and we also enjoyed the mini granola bars given as a next day snack. Service was very attentive and we particularly enjoyed the interaction with the sommelier who thoroughly explained each wine and the process behind why she paired them with the respective courses. The meal was well-paced and we did not feel rushed so we were able to enjoy the ambiance and setting while sharing a very delicious tasting of the chef's expertise. Highly recommended."}, {"review_id": "jwNkGEVt_UxDCAbu0vm0oQ", "user_id": "QGpxa3YC40mXJ7huBFvVOg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/24/2017", "text": "Orchids at Palm Court is a delightful experience from the beginning to the end. The atmosphere of the Netherland plaza Art Deco room decorated for Christmas and the jazz band music was festive. Samatha, our server, took special care of us and answered a myriad of questions, yet could seem to read our minds. For first course we chose smoked salmon with creme fraiche, and roasted beet salad. Our entree was Chateaubriand with choice of Bordelaise or Bernaise sauce with asparagus and whipped potatoes. For dessert we had a cheese plate with candied nuts, grapes, gelee, and a chocolate tart with a heavenly creamy sauce poured into a recess in the middle....best dessert I've ever had in my life. In between courses one receives an amuse bouche, and the final touch was a few sweets and a gourmet granola bar package to go! Exquisite! I highly recommend!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/orchids-at-palm-court-cincinnati?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]