[[{"review_id": "8liRCfXl8i-AjEzxbq12jQ", "user_id": "DKulUOOXpLnY8hb-gmlxIQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "Our group of 8 was easily accommodated by Boca for dinner. My first visit based on recommendations from Cincy colleagues. It was an excellent choice. Located in the heart of downtown on 6th Street. We were seated upstairs in this two-level, dinner-only restaurant, and can recommend upstairs based on more suitable for quiet conversation. Perfect ambience for important business dinner or intimate dining. Seating is diversified with a few cozy, secluded booths available, adding to the interesting décor.My Take: On par with New York City's best. Truly.Service was attentive and professional. Menu is limited, ingredients are high quality and fresh, presentation is elegant and appealing, and each item has something imaginative. Portions are modest and almost small, and consistent with a fine dining restaurant.Portion sizes are offered in both appetizer and entrée size (called \"tasting size\" and \"full size\"). Our tables shared entrée-size items for appetizers. Choosing a variety of Tasting Size items might be a good way to go to experience Boca.Can highly recommend the Grilled Scallops with Roasted/Caramelized Brussels Sprouts. Amazingly intense flavors. Pricey, but certainly unique menu item. Can also recommend the Ragù di Carne (Pasta with Meat Sauce). Don't normally order pasta in an upscale restaurant, but the flavors in this case were awesome intense. Perfectly prepared Ragù. Between courses, a few buttery raviolis were a standout!On the night we were there, Boca was out of some personal favorite Bourbons including Angels Envy and Eagle Rare. Something about \"Ohio's Strict Liquor Laws.\" Weird answer.Extensive wine list, both bottle and by the glass.Modest Suggestions to this Accomplished Restaurants:  Would love to see your take on a traditional Caesar Salad. And a plate of Clams on the Half-shell to complement the Oysters would also be a nice addition.My only gripe:  Our bottled wine was priced 4x retail. I find that excessive.We averaged $130 per person with tax and tip.Valet parking. Reservations essential."}, {"review_id": "_xIiuVwXyfUlM3fTP-K-dQ", "user_id": "Xvv0P_0B57LoyGrVHGG_8A", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "So I've heard so many Cincinnatians rave about Boca. I just knew I had to try it. On the weekends when I go to try it it's always packed, so I KNEW it would be great. I was able to get in during a week day. However, I wasn't that impressed. My assumption that it would be the bomb.com was completely wrong. I guess that's why you shouldn't assume. Sorry you Boca fans! #sorrynotsorry In my opinion it's ok but not worth $179 (including tax) for what we ordered. The best dishes were the chicken and dessert. The most basics items. I felt for the price I should have been mind blown and I was more so irritated and annoyed that I spent basically $200 on a basic meal. However, I give credit where it's due. The dessert was creative and good! I give them that and it was some damn good chicken, but not $200 good. We started off our meal with wine. I had a sparkling sweet wine (I don't remember which one) and my husband had the house Pinot. I really liked my wine but my husband didn't like his. We started by ordering the Grilled Romaine. I've had grilled romaine before and if I remember I think the \"grilled\" is suppose to give a different flavor to the romaine or add to it. We really couldn't tell because the romaine was over dressed. The dressing was good but way too much of it. It was a simple salad but decent. This was their play on Caesar salad. Ive had better Caesar salad. It was a nice concept but not fully executed properly. The fully delivery/finish is the most important part. We also ordered a bread basket. They use Blue Oven Bakery. When I say this bread was sooo good! OMG! Blue oven and Sixteen Bricks are like bread geniuses! They served it warmed with butter. There is sea salt in the table. A little dash of the salt on top of the bread and butter is ahhhmazing! I ordered the Bitter Green Ravioli and my husband ordered the Gnocchi Fonduta. The Bitter Green Ravioli was different. I liked it but it was not what I'm use to. I don't eat Ravioli much so I've only really had the classic Ravioli but this was a nice twist. It was stuffed with Swiss chard, kale and ricotta. The Gnocchi wasn't bad. However, they tried to be slick. They extra crisped the outside and tried to hide it by adding a boat load of sauce. *Side eye* some of the exterior of the pasta was extra brown aka burnt. I guess they figured a little extra sauce could take care of that. Other than that the taste of the Gnocchi was decent. I didn't get the wow factor but it wasn't bad.For our entrees, I ordered the Petrale Sole Grenobloise and my husband ordered the Amish Chicken. My dish consisted of sunchoke purée / roasted cauliflower / hazelnut / brown butter / sautéed spinach. It was good but over buttery. It had a little to much brown butter. It seemed very greasy/oily. The fish was cooked perfectly and the cauliflower and hazelnuts were good. The hazelnuts added the perfect pinch of crunch. This dish was just blah. I mean it wasn't bad but I wasn't thrilled. The portion was also pretty small. Now my husband's Amish Chicken was the bomb .com. Honestly, probably some of the best chicken we've had in awhile. It consisted of wild mushroom risotto / heirloom carrot / black truffle. Everything on this plate was delicious. It was tender and cooked perfect. Just a great dish! We ended with the Buckeye Candy Bar for dessert. It had valrhona brownie / feuilletine / peanut nougat / opera glaze / peanut butter gelato. It was like a homemade candy bar. It was amazing. It was created different and I love that it was something out of be norm. You can not go everywhere and find this on the dessert menu. Overall a great dessert.Overall, Boca just didn't please me as I've heard it raved about. Maybe I'll go back in the future, but I'm in no rush."}, {"review_id": "-wHoGvb_COpjjSP99iUnhw", "user_id": "fiScG_wgq8KIDrKAlcGuiA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/4/2018", "text": "Consistently recommended as one of the best restaurants in Cincinnati - Boca doesn't disappoint. Located in the Heart of Downtown,  the ambiance is elegant and warm, boasting several dining areas including a main space, bar and upstairs. The service was unparalleled. Not only did our waitress let us sample a few wines before deciding on the right bottle, but each course was delivered in unison - quite a feat to manage for a table of 6. The staff was attentive without being obtrusive - perfectly suited to give you space while attending to you before you need anything.  Now the food,Every single bit of a high end NYC restaurant while avoiding flying hundreds of miles to the city.  The food is American at its core specializing in a variety of steak, seafood and pasta dishes. Out of the six of us who dined, we tried most of the menu (changes seasonally) and unanimously decided they were all incredible. The standouts were definitely the Cappellacci di Giano (a ravioli with pea filling, and poached lobster), and the Amish Chicken (served on a bed of mushroom risotto). Another highlight of our meal were the Pommes Soufflées, or popped potatoes at the beginning of the meal - think of it like the best, most interesting potato chip you've ever had. I honestly did not have a single off note. It is absolutely a world class restaurant and worth the price tag for a special night out."}, {"review_id": "IIYC1CjYci30YlZQX2-E6Q", "user_id": "Irh0Uhq5t2Kiq8I0CugVbA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/24/2018", "text": "Well, this place lived up to its reputation. The design and decor was rich with color texture and variety of shape and lighting. We were sat in the smaller room in the back which was quieter and intimate. Our service was excellent. So sorry to say I forgot her name, but she was attentive and knowledgeable. The food was scrumptious. The cocktails tasty but a bit small. Everything else was perfect."}, {"review_id": "4xYmzcThVDQ1IPvMFEV_lA", "user_id": "kUOhsMaciRlQM-XuHZ1Qkg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/23/2018", "text": "Wow! What an amazing restaurant and experience all around. From the moment we stepped into the restaurant to the minute we stepped out the door, the whole experience was absolutely top notch!We were able to get a last minute reservation through opentable at 5:30 before our show at the Aronoff. I thought it would be dead inside but was surprised at the amount of people already dining. They sat us right by the kitchen which was really fun to be. We loved watching the cooking team do their thing and yelling \"chef!\" Our waiter was beyond amazing. I think his name was Seth. That's what it says on the receipt. He was probably the best waiter I have ever had at a restaurant. He was personable and funny. We were about to order a bottle of wine and he was totally honest with us that it wouldn't be a good choice because of how they made the wine so he suggested something else. He even brought out a tiny sample of the wine that we were going to order so he could explain better why it was a funky choice. (it really was! Glad we didn't order it)Seth was able to help up come up with a menu of a couple courses to try. We got the Pommes Soufflées as a beginning snack, we split the Haricot Vert, we each got a pasta dish to share which was the Tajarin al Tartufo Nero and Casoncelli (incredible!) and for our main course we both got the Petrale Sole Grenobloise which had an amazing taste and the flavors were perfect. For dessert we order the Buckeye candy bar and the crème brulee because I cant pass up a crème brulee! We also order coffee at the end to complete the meal.I would love to come back again and I hope I do. I also would love to hold my rehearsal dinner here if they accommodate that. Great experience! Loved every minute of it!"}, {"review_id": "O5ZeiGQTc3kiAYKuUVA1tw", "user_id": "NwzAwd8bDSfMvs1a-CHkMA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/23/2017", "text": "Amazing food, service and atmosphere. I have been planning to go there for a while but it's hard to find a table, it was definitely worth the wait! I ordered the butternut squash and truffle soup, it was amazing, then we shared the Brussel sprouts, truffle gnocchi's and the beef tenderloin, everything was delicious !! For dessert we shared the ricotta cheesecake and the Buckeye with ice cream. They have an extensive wine menu.I would definitely go back to celebrate something special! As"}, {"review_id": "nV_Mc0tyKJRUlCoVTUN7FQ", "user_id": "WIqijqrnkPRW8xN2CK6g2w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/11/2017", "text": "This review is regarding the cadenza piemonte dinner which is a four course (though each course has three to four items) tasting menu paired with wines to highlight the region of italy - if you are considering purchasing it or a future cadenza here are my thoughts---Atmosphere: It is a strikingly beautiful restaurant especially how everything is modern yet comfortable.  I was a little surprised with how much we spent for the cadenza dinner that we were sat at a bar until I realized it was a pseudochefs table, I would have preferred to have it be structured so the group of four of us could sit and talk more comfortably but I think given the size of the kitchen it was a great view (pics below of view) Grade: B+Service: Quite outstanding, what you would expect given the ticket price.  We were served by a team of waiters, and even the chefs cooking near us were happy to answer all of our questions.  Additionally at the end of the night the executive chef came to our table and answered all of our questions and told us about his time in the region and even wanted our direct feed backGrade: AFood: I'll break it up into each individual course (all pictured and labeled)  Antipasti - Tuna salad wrapped in roasted peppers: fine but honestly tasted like regular tuna salad to me, may be one of those things were my palate just isnt refined enough *shrug* - Beef tartare: perhaps the best dish of the night, packed with flavor and paired super well with the rustic croutons it was served with - Anchovy and olive oil dip with veggies: strong fish taste but I actually liked it, our table was split but its super endemic to the region so they left it on the menu - Roasted onion with an au gratin cheese and sausage: really fantastic especially on a cold night and paired with the croutons it was served withPrimi courses: - Veal filled ravioli with veal jus: pretty fantastic with tons of flavor, filling to pasta ratio was awesome - Risotto with porcini mushrooms: my favorite of the pasta/primi courses, packed with flavor and the perfect consistency  - Pasta with browned butter and Truffles: pasta was cooked very well with just a little bit of bite and paired super well with the wine from that courseSecondi courses:  - Red wine braised beef with root vegetables: super earthy and hearty and the perfect piece of braised beef, fat melted perfectly no large chunks - Polenta with goat cheese fonduta and tons of truffle: our waiter literally went HAM grating the truffle onto our food - it was awesome and I loved the table side showman ship - Piemonte salad: It was a salad, kind of an afterthought in my opinionDessert:  - Poached pear with zabaglione: the zabaglione which was kind of a warm cream foam was phenomenal  - ricotta ice cream with hazelnuts and wine soaked grapes: my favorite of the deserts when you construct the bites with a component of each it was the perfect end to the meal - chocolate amaretto pudding: super rich will appeal to most but I just can't handle super rich desserts like that so not my cup of teaGrade: AWine: Ive put all the wines in the pictures, honestly I can't comment on the wine cause you could give me a 5$ bottle and a 500$ bottle and I'd have no idea what the difference isGrade: ?---Overall the food and experience justified the price which is pretty steep.  I personally wouldn't want the wine pairings but I think for those who love wine they would really enjoy that aspect.  I will likely book again for a future cadenza"}, {"review_id": "-bh5iZ8KgHarFnlww-Ye4A", "user_id": "X4TuR0vWgOY6E0NF6HOkcQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/18/2017", "text": "Why did it take me so long to finally dine here?!? I've always heard amazing things about Boca, but I was under the impression that it was an extremely fancy restaurant and sometimes when I think \"super fancy\" I associate that with stuffy and dark. Boca is far from this - while being extremely upscale, it is open and fresh and lavish. The staff was friendly, knowledgeable, and really showed the effort to get to know us!  My friends and I decided to dine here because they were offering a 49.99 Wicked-themed 4 course dinner with themed cocktails as well. Each dish and cocktail was artfully and thoughtfully prepared to coincide with a storyline of the show playing at the Aronoff. Each dish was INCREDIBLE. And some were just dishes modified from the original menu, so I know I can order them again! Check out my photos to see them - I could rave about each one.They are also extremely accommodating to allergies and intolerances. My friend has a nut allergy, and they had dishes prepared that were nut free and worked to modify other dishes so that she could order them. Very happy with my experience here, and I want to come back for my birthday dinner :)PS- you HAVE to check out their bathrooms"}, {"review_id": "jgtk_ABaxqfy5sZe_cOKIA", "user_id": "bvuxor346zDAen3poNl9qA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "11/15/2017", "text": "We went for a special dining experience called Piedmont in the Fall.  It was basically a prepaid course dinner with a northern Italian theme.The price my dinner party of 4 paid, we could have flown to NYC & back and had a nice cozy little dinner somewhere.The service was good. And I liked that they paid attention to details like changing the plates to match the style of N Italy.However, it just wasn't worth the price tag. The portions were small. Some of the dishes were good and some just weren't that great. Not what you'd expect when paying a Michelin Star price tag."}, {"review_id": "vHIY50b3-U74C24HFVpLxg", "user_id": "mI5I7bLp7VxBU1JdxkNpUg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/27/2017", "text": "If it was legal to marry a restaurant,I have found the one! Maybe they had a good night, but their food was delicious and service was executed well. The food, service, and atmosphere was phenomenal. We were ecstatic to get a reservation since it's been difficult get one for a group of 5 ( luckily if you book 3 weeks in advance it's possible). When first stepping in, the red curtains, lighting (gosh the chandelier is gorgeous) and ambience formed the perfect romantic and inviting setting. This place is the representation of class and even throughout our dining experience it still maintained this status.As for the food-- all dishes ranged from good to amazing (tears are about to fall from my face due to my tastebuds being so ecstatic).STARTERSBread: average-- I suggest you skip it and save room for other more calorie worthy dishes.Oyster: good, but extremely breaded and topped with a lot of cheese. It was casserole-like in appearance and I wouldn't recommend this unless you like your oysters made in this manner.Pommes Soufflées: yes please  and worth the $$. I loved these. They were airy, perfectly friend and complimented with a fantastic Béarnaise sauce. I had never eaten anything like these, but appreciated these puffy fresh dry wonders. SMALL PLATESHamachi crudo--great and fresh. The quality of the fish was greet for Cincinnati. It was a well done plate, but nothing special for the amount it costs. The citrus from the grapefruit complimented the salty flavors of the dish. This served as a great palate cleanser after eating all the pommes. Scallop & Brussel Sprouts- amazing. The scallops were not seared and browned, which for some may disappointing. However, they were fully cooked and had a buttery-like juicy texture. This was the first time I had scallops cooked like this and I loved it; I felt the seared ends weren't needed. As for the Brussel sprouts, they were unique. They were cooked down to a complete black mush. Aesthetically, it wasn't the most pleasant to look at but once I got past the appearance I was impressed. Each bite was packed with so much flavor, a mixture of umami and salty seasonings.PASTAOverall I'd say this was not there strong suit. I'd recommend skipping the pasta dishes and saving your money to order another dish. Tamarin Ragu di Carne: average-- there was nothing special about this dish. It wasn't great and it wasn't bad. The pasta was well cooked, but the meat sauce was a bit bland though the meat was tender. Corn Elote: average-- I felt the dish was too sweet and there wasn't enough kick from the jalapeño. Once again the pasta was cooked well, but the flavors felt unbalanced. This was my first time trying this dish, so it may be they that this dish was cooked to perfection, but I'm not a fan of corn elote in general..Campanile-- crab was great, flavors average. Whoever was the chef on Saturday October 21st knew how to cook their seafood. Every seafood dish was cooked to perfection. The crab was buttery, juicy and tender. However, the pasta and seasonings didn't do much for this dish. If anything it took away from the phenomenal crab experience.MAIN DISHESVerlasso Salmon-- wow . Salmon was cooked perfectly. Seared on the outside, slightly brown, with a medium rare inside. Each bite had an impact of flavor and the fish was fresh. The spinach paired well with the fish.Beef Tenderloin Boca-- wow . I ordered my tenderloin medium rare and that's what I received. Each bite was filled with a high quality, juicy beef paired along with a buttery tender chunk of crab. Yes this dish was amazing and bearnaise along with the chard only added to complexity of flavor creating a delicious unity of flavor for my tastebuds. DESSERTMaple Mascarpone Cheesecake-- great. It was light, well done and the sweetness of the maple complimented the plain cheese flavor. This dish was not unique, but served as a tasty treat to end a wonderful meal.Buckeye Candy Bar-- wow . This is a classy take a snickers bar and it was oh so delicious. It's extremely rich, but balanced and provides a perfect punch for those who have a sweet tooth. I definitely recommend ordering this if you want your dining experience to end with a bang. Note: make sure you have someone to split this dish with since a little goes a long way."}, {"review_id": "3ig8wm0rZ3BvSIRMCt7lTA", "user_id": "jRiy7sOkSQA_0SqjCNmJQw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/2/2018", "text": "We stopped into Sotto without a reservation on a Thursday around 7pm. There were no tables available, no room at the bar and no suggestions from the unhelpful and dour hostess. Onward -- we walked up a few steps and popped into Boca where despite a similar capacity situation, we were warmly and sincerely greeted, and we managed to find a table for two that had just vacated in the bar.We started with one oyster Rockefeller each. These were perfect - not too gooey on the top, with plump, flavorful oysters beneath. On a whim, I also ordered the pommes souffle, which are puffs of perfection. Hard to describe, but go try them!For main dishes, we each ordered pasta. I had the Gnocchi Fonduta -- the dumplings themselves were wonderful, but they were overpowered by too much creamy fondue sauce. My wife had the Tajarin al Tartufo Nero, which was excellent."}, {"review_id": "BjY0f83Kt_M1IgYb9PZmjQ", "user_id": "w7ubl7nLdD3I3pbK_xMfuw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/14/2018", "text": "I've been to Boca a few times and overall I have been disappointed. Atmosphere is great. Very high class restaurant with incredibly unique furnishings and light fixtures etc. The restaurant itself is beautiful. The service was also great every time I went. However, I have mixed reviews on the food. Although it was definitely good, it certainly wasn't great (Sotto is way better). What really was the deal breaker for me is that the portions are SO SMALL and the prices are extremely high. We ordered a tortellini once and got 4 teeny tiny pieces of pasta..... for over $20. Also, I got one of their drinks and it was absolutely horrible. Would go back for a wine at the bar but that's about it - would prefer Sotto any day."}, {"review_id": "ZeIbGewO_QLudTDrbBkl1Q", "user_id": "WZDaA2HhRlBgh3D13ErKCQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "7/14/2017", "text": "Came here for my bday and I absolutely love the whole atmosphere, it's such a gorgeous place, the chandelier brings so much life to it.  Additionally the service is amazing, everybody it's very polite and nice they make you feel comfortable and are attentive. Moving to the important part, the menu has a variety of options I think it fits different kind of people. I ordered a Hamachi Crudo, my sister got a Boar Agnoloti and my mum ordered the Boca Burger; we also got drinks which were not disappointing at all, probably one of the best I've had.  I had the Borracho and my sister had The jewel, both delicious.At the end they brought the dessert menu, but we were not planning on ordering, despite that, the waiter knew it was my birthday so he broth a small portion of gelato with a candle.  I would absolutely come back and it's worth the try!"}, {"review_id": "mlFGNOyUfbYW1qHXtgdMDA", "user_id": "nbWgMdt3nBkDQ7qEo27sLg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "Hands down one of my favorite places to eat! The pommes soufflé & chocolate terrine are a must! It's just beautiful inside and I've celebrated multiple occasions here & have always had outstanding service. I love that the elevator goes down to Sotto making it easy to transition between places if you wanna start with a drink at one place while you wait for your reservation at the other. Overall a great experience and worth it!"}, {"review_id": "7g_7XIFUWAnR8Xf0lVj6pg", "user_id": "J3d-o-CSeERm_fBWtliXdw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/7/2017", "text": "This place was recommended to me and it did not fail. Amazing food and service. Just make sure you make a reservation as it is booked!  The baked clams were amazing. I am not a fan of Cincy but was very surprised at the quality of food. This could easily be in NYC and do really well."}, {"review_id": "ILgksxk2VF9Xq8SYwezANQ", "user_id": "RQc6SJdrbAjbvCZoYCO40w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "Came to Cincinnati for a business trip and my colleague recommended BOCA. I'm so glad I tried! Despite not having a reservation, I was able to get a table in the lobby area by the bar. I ordered an appetizer (scallop and brussel sprouts), entree (chicken and risotto), and dessert (the buckeye candy bar!) and EVERY course was delicious. My favorite being the scallop and brussel sprouts as the sprouts are marinated in brown butter for hours. The chicken was fine but on the drier side, though the risotto made up for it! I'd highly recommend this place."}, {"review_id": "9U_BMWOM39RRS5GrIfaCJA", "user_id": "SFvoyVAVdRVvGtRqtaWHzQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/21/2018", "text": "I have lived in Cincinnati for almost 10 years and just recently was able to try Boca for the first time.  I was missing out!  We visited after seeing Wicked at the Aronoff, and our party of five enjoyed the theater-themed menu that was offered that night.  Our server was friendly and punctual without being obtrusive, which I appreciate!  Upon request, the manager was willing to take us to see the kitchen; it is almost like a ballet to see the staff move together back there! Went back with some girlfriends and was not disappointed the second time either.  I splurged on the beef tenderloin and it MELTED in my mouth, as did the Buckeye Bar I indulged in for dessert. Huge fan.  Will be back."}, {"review_id": "kO183U4952S_VTiMsIq_iQ", "user_id": "hHRr_8dXa43nfQE8kfsPJA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/11/2017", "text": "Absolutely amazing dining experience. I love the smell of boca the moment you walk in. The ambience of the restaurant is very romantic and I love the decor of the restaurant itself.For appetizers, we ordered the foie gras macaron, the bad boy blue oven bread, the scallop salad, and the grilled romaine salad. The foie gras macaron was a great combination of savory and sweet. I wasn't expecting it to come with the sweet almond macarons as the shell, but it was a surprising combination that worked. I was a little disappointed by it though. The macaron was a little over baked so it was a little too tough. I wish the foie gras flavor was also a little stronger. Is was more mild than I would've preferred. As for the bread, it had a great anise flavored crust as always. The salads were absolutely delectable. I loved the grilled romaine and the balsamic flavor it came with. The scallop on the scallop salad was perfectly cooked and had a great truffle aroma.For entrees, we had the Boca burgers the wild board agnolotti, the tajarin bolognese, and the seafood risotto. The Boca burger was pretty good. It came with the pomme soufflés which were delicious. The wild boar agnolotti was my personal favorite dish. The wild board inside was perfectly braised, the truffle and sauce it came with was an absolute dream, the dish overall had a great umami flavor to it. The tajarin bolognese was pretty good, and the seafood risotto was also very good. The lobster chunks and the flavors of the San marazino added a nice touch. For dessert, we ordered the buckeye candy bar and the coconut panna cotta. The buckeye candy bar was very rich, but nonetheless, pretty good. The roasted peanuts gave a great savory crunch to the dessert. The coconut panna cotta absolutely blew me away. It wasn't the typical cup of panna cotta you would get, it was layered on top of another one of their almond macarons (which still could be a little chewier) and it came with dragon fruit, passion fruit, and hibiscus pearls. The panna cotta itself was good, but the combination with all the different fruits yielded an amazing light, but fruity desert. It was a delectable combination and I can't wait to order it again.Overall, a great restaurant with great food and a great vibe."}, {"review_id": "23DdJwca404kc0VXrTFEyg", "user_id": "-SUh-S_g2HJbv2i2fqbA7Q", "rating": 1.0, "date": "9/17/2017", "text": "My wife and I went to Boca last night and I am flabbergasted at the rating this restaurant has received on Yelp.  There was a definite \"try-hard\" atmosphere. It purports to be fine dining, but the execution falls flat in correlation with their prices. We started with the bread, which was okay, but to charge for this starter, was puzzling. Besides the rye seeds on the crust, the bread and butter was comparable to what you would be served at any restaurant. The Oysters Rockefeller were fine, but presenting it on a bed of sea salt felt as if the preparer was unsure of their dish and in my mind, speaks to the possible lack of consistency. Our next dish was the scallop and brussel sprouts. The scallop was cooked, but not seared. The sprouts were great, tender, and flavorful. I see how they thought everything would work great together, but there was too much balsamic and the two things might have been better served as separate dishes. The campanelle was cooked al dente and the crab tender and buttery. This was a well done dish. For the main, we had the beef tenderloin and Wellington, respectively.  The tenderloin was okay, but at 7oz., and $66, there is an expectation of elevation based on the pedigree that was expounded by our server. The Wellington had a perfect puff pastry crust and the beef was medium rare and executed well. We skipped dessert, but we had a 2013 bottle of Essential - chilled to 57 degrees (off by 5 degrees, at a minimum) For a bottle of red, it should have been the right temperature and not like a glass of grape juice. Appalling. Our waiter, while pleasant, was avoidant towards the middle of our service. He apologized for the temperature of the wine, heard that we were celebrating a special event, but neither he nor any staff did anything to rectify the former or make the evening special for the latter. One star. Boca tries hard to evoke the spirit of the Maisonette, as evident in their menu, decor, and but fails.Would not repeat."}, {"review_id": "Y7Eer8b-xUysFZtAI-FUtg", "user_id": "kuJw12HUfdpgeALveiqkVg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "1/27/2018", "text": "I thought Boca was very overpriced for what it was. While the restaurant is very beautiful, atmosphere is upscale, and service was good, I felt the food was lacking. The Brussel sprouts appetizer was over cooked, the scallop it came with was not very flavorful. The beets appetizer was better but I wish there was a few more pieces of beets. My friend ordered the mushroom truffle risotto which was a great presentation of an entree, however overkill with the truffle oil. We could smell the oil from the plate across the table. In addition, the truffle oil taste was extremely over powering. If I ordered that, there's no way I would have been able to eat it. Two of us had the cod which was good, but slightly soggy... I would have enjoyed it more with less breading. My favorite part of the entire dish was the cauliflower purée. I think I'll skip this one next time, just wasn't anything great..... especially considering the price."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/boca-cincinnati-2?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]