[[{"review_id": "JFHJDVM4Fl7WeBN2X8e9XQ", "user_id": "T76-jKiHe5Fz5qTjQQlWoA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/9/2018", "text": "Came here with a large group of people. Great spot for a group.The lay out is a bit confusing if you have never been here. This was my 1st time so I popped that cherry.The lines can long especially if it's lent. Speaking  about lent they had several kinds of fish prepared numerous styles.  Salmon, Chilean Sea bass, cod, walleye to name a few. I was going to have fish but being my 1st time I wanted the full experience.Our group sat in the Pope room,  he was watching me very closely, if  you have been there you what I'm talking about Willis.Chicken paprikash was really good, large chunk of bird i a super savory sauce. Really, really good. Beer is sold at a reasonable price and the servers are super friendly despite the chaos. Yeah this place lives up to the hype, as Flava Flav does not say \"belive the hype\""}, {"review_id": "RAu202z4ek_ni2wSW2QdyA", "user_id": "gMIibaqW5OBWFKipVL9qew", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/23/2018", "text": "Came with friends from out of town who had this on their list of places to go. Having lived here for 5 years, I'd still never been, so we all tried it out together.We waited in line for about 35 minutes, getting to know our line mates, who were happy to explain how everything worked. When we got to the food, the servers were also happy to answer our newbie questions, so everyone got exactly what they wanted. And the nice gentlemen at the register carried our trays to our table, so no one dropped any of our enormous servings of pierogie, galumki, cabbage & noodles and everything else we piled on our plates. There was live music in the dining room, great service at the bar and just a homey, 'dinner in our church hall' atmosphere that I really enjoyed. Our friends had a ball and I may just wander back when I need satisfy my galumpki fix."}, {"review_id": "1Mh8Kj1LKizlTvVuxyCHzg", "user_id": "ic-tyi1jElL_umxZVh8KNA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/22/2018", "text": "Phenomenal lunch.Line at 1245...by 120 line was gone. I imagine it's packed at noon.I'd suggest going OFF PEAK.The sirloin steak was one of the best lunches, ever."}, {"review_id": "nCZJqfyCip8lrhPC7qEvGA", "user_id": "Nl2mdXCEaIq7WPiaugHdlw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "Yummy, yummy, in my tummy. Sokolowskis did not disappoint! Boyfriend and I went for lunch on a Monday. We arrived a few minutes after they opened and there was already a line. We both ordered the chicken paprikash. Mmmmm it was so tasty. The restaurant also had a great family atmosphere, cool decor, and ample seating for large or small groups. Can't wait to go again! Two thumbs up"}, {"review_id": "bfHXei5z1urNVLnDJusyTQ", "user_id": "KT8CVZP4ospbCr4ds7hvxg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "Sokolowski's is one of my very favorite restaurants on the whole planet. Really, the only problem here is the line. No matter when you go, prepare to wait. The line will be at the door if not outside. However, my deep distain for lines can never snub my giddy spirit when the time comes to chow down on some delectable cuisine. As you can imagine, it can be pretty hard to find a table as well. that's never a problem since their friendly staff always manages to find one more table just big enough for your group. I love going for their clam bake when they have it. You'll get what seems like enough food to feed an entire state for an extremely reasonable price. I also really enjoy the Pierogis, corned beef sandwiches, and chicken paprikash. All this amazing food, and they have Vernors to drink! I can't wait to come back and try some of their other delicious offerings!"}, {"review_id": "p_-cSTLX7sysq_BylU2X-A", "user_id": "SQpdHo8l4iURQft5ao65Mg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/31/2018", "text": "Sokolowski's has such a cozy ambiance to it. It's a great restaurant to have a nice get together with family and friends. If you go for dinner there might be a wait, but if you go during the week when they open for lunch you most likely won't have to wait long at all. If you can't find a parking spot in front of the building, there is a lot across the street off Abbey Ave. Also, there is a great view of the Cleveland skyline!The food is amazing. The Pierogies are buttery and delicate. I always get the Chicken Paprikash, it's my favorite meal. I've tried the Mac and Cheese side dish and that is very cheesy and done well. The staff is nice and someone usually carries my tray to the table which is greatly appreciated."}, {"review_id": "RyydicDVNV2KA7LksCu_Pg", "user_id": "xApIDag8sgxCiguyPHMWsA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/6/2018", "text": "A Cleveland institution.I've been eating here for over 20 years.  Probably had most everything on the menu.  Not every single thing.  But all the highlights.Had dinner here tonight with family.  It's important to note they are only open for lunch during the week.  And on Friday and Saturday night.  It doesn't matter when you go plan on waiting in line.  But it moves fast.  When it's your turn you grab a cafeteria tray with silverware.  And you move down the line grabbing dessert first, then a drink, then you tell the nice lady behind the counter what you want for dinner (or lunch).  All dinners are served with 2 sides.  And you get the salad bar at dinner (not at lunch).  You pay at the end of the line.People line up and wait because the food is exactly the same every time you go.  It's very consistent.  And this time of year (winter) it's comfort food at its finest.  Once we finished paying at the end of the line someone helped us find a seat and carry my kids trays as they got heavy as we went down the line.  We got a table this evening in the dining room with the fire place.  Someone stoked the fire and put more logs on the fire while we ate dinner.  It all adds to the ambience.  My mom sat where a former President sat.  A plaque said so on the wall.Speaking of ambiance.  This place looks and feels like a place you would have eaten at 50 years ago.  Along with 50 years of memorabilia hanging on all the walls.  You can inspect the wares as you wait in line and check out a menu along the way.  As you turn the line you can see the skyline of downtown in the background outside.  This place is about as Cleveland as it gets.Portions here are huge.  Tonight I ordered stuffed cabbage with saurkraut and green beans.  I also grabbed a small side salad from the salad bar and cucumber salad.  I got one stuffed cabbage roll.  And it filled half the plate by itself.  Tender, perfectly cooked meat.  Tender and perfectly cooked cabbage.  With a homemade sauce on top.  Sauerkraut here is very tart.  If you don't like the very tart kind I'd skip it.  Other sides like corn or green beans are just ok.  I'm watching my carb intake.  Otherwise, I'd have gotten the homemade mashed potatoes or pierogies.  Both are perfect.  Side salad was standard.  Cucumber salad was the creamy kind and is delicious.This restaurant is not just about the food or the location.  It really is an institution.  A destination.  Check it out."}, {"review_id": "ofZgNVmN8eok8rsIEs47MQ", "user_id": "TjXqTqYOXAs8VKo_otj3lw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/20/2018", "text": "Um, I cannot say enough good things about Sokolowski's. I went here with my mom (who is 50% Polish) yesterday for the first time. It has been on my Cleveland bucket list for food for a few years now, and boy, it did not disappoint. I was a little surprised by the \"cafeteria style\" ordering, but it was super easy to order food and the lunch line went very quickly. I got the periogi meal (6 of them plus 2 sides and a roll), and they were absolutely to die for! My mom got the steamed kielbasa sandwich, and she loved it. Thank you for creating such authentic Polish dishes - it takes me back to my grandma's cooking when I was growing up. I can't wait to take more of my family there to eat."}, {"review_id": "acAOOR9O3RN775RZ1A6u4A", "user_id": "1cmZ3CjDMEVaecuP_H_kqA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/20/2018", "text": "I have heard about Sokolowskis from a friend and saw it on the Foodnetwork, now I can finally say, it's amazing!!! I went on a Friday for lunch and had the Chicken Paprikash with pierogis and potato pancakes! Washed it down with a tasty IPA at the bar and finished the meal with a giant slice of German chocolate cake.  I live in Michigan and already want to come back!!!"}, {"review_id": "_6Zhhp2Bf_x8gD41fOAY9Q", "user_id": "TiBjpqrunfGUMShGnVYLHQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/23/2018", "text": "This place truly lived up to its reputation.Wife & I went Monday after a doctor appointment. The place is cafeteria style and I didn't kno what to order so I settled on the stuffed cabbage it was the best best best I ever had and the silky mashed potatoes & rich Brown gravy, fantastic I also got 3 perogies. My wife ordered Salisbury steak with mac and cheese fantastic all for 24$ with 2 drinks. It was our 1st but won't be our last. Do yourself a favor and check it out if you haven't already."}, {"review_id": "Oi_Ta_TPTIGjYdz8zm14YA", "user_id": "ciLaQSIXjzxM8DK6BVo4tw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/26/2018", "text": "Flavor flavor flavor!!!So many people told me I had to go here while I was in Cleveland so of course it was on my list. But to be honest I wasn't super excited. I looked on Yelp and it didn't come across as super appealing to me. Man was I wrong!!! The perogi's were to die for! Mac and Cheese. Fried fish. Blackberry pie. Everything we had was absolutely DELICIOUS! The pictures don't do it justice. The flavor of everything was beyond my expectations. On top of how delicious the food was I cannot say enough for the family! When they learned we were from out of town the daughter (Mary?) took time to write down tons of recommendations. We spent quite a bit of time chatting with her, her brothers and their children. I don't exaggerate when I say they made us feel like family. It was such a wonderful experience. If you're in the area don't pass up the opportunity to enjoy a meal and great company here. You won't be disappointed!!!"}, {"review_id": "qnNxHDfSupurlbDLfUgNUA", "user_id": "XuYC0Dndrh3w0WNQfEU_vA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "Food was delicious and the portions are huge! Pierogues are to die for! Definitely a place to visit when in Cleveland."}, {"review_id": "-WjBRgEZeJEvkxWJbE00fA", "user_id": "iQXwQBc0v7G1rh-j0GPG_w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/14/2018", "text": "First time trying out Polish food!Their perogies are phenomenal, and so is this unique style of dining.Brought me back to my old memories of eating at a cafeteria - with lunch trays and picking out/ordering what I would like to eat.Except for this time, the quality and the excellency of food surpasses that of our old cafeteria food.On top of their awesome perogies, I got their chicken paprikash, and oh man - they are wonderful.Definitely get one meal + two sides deal."}, {"review_id": "yp-gt-i6sLJRPw7DEOw7mg", "user_id": "KykSpOXsWqG77EOCTQSb6w", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/16/2018", "text": "Went Tonite because I was craving. I've been going there my whole life. Today, I was very disappointed in my visit. First, the food was cold. My mixed veggies weren't warmed all the way through. My pierogies were sitting in fake bright yellow \"butter\" that tasted like oil. My chicken paprekash was ok but the spaetzels we're mushy. They seemed packaged. Then my bill was wrong. The girl charged me 16.97 for a 13.49 meal. When I questioned it, she dismissed me.Also the bus boy took my tray before I was done paying. I don't want my food disappearing on me. Not cool. I want to see my food and don't want it sitting at a table unattended. Also I had specifically said I did not want to sit by a bathroom.  Guess where he put us anyways!!! Also not cool. When we were done, my friend needed a to go box.  The guy who brought it took her tray before she was even done packing it up.  And he shoved a plastic bag in her lap!!!!Because I love the place and it's so nostalgic for me I will give it another chance sometime in the future.  But I certainly hope that the management works on fixing the customer service that was seen today."}, {"review_id": "gxTV3dOGJb4qysHJnFg8zQ", "user_id": "7NAssd9ad6CMC7Kr5PsulQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "8/10/2017", "text": "Sokolowski's is a Cleveland institution and a must visit for any out of towner wanting to get a feel for the kind of food and people Cleveland was built on. I love bringing visiting friends and family here, and they in turn love me for brining to enjoy all this awesome home-style food! The restaurant is cafeteria-style and newcomers might be a little overwhelmed by all the delicious sights and smells. Pierogi are a must-have, but otherwise my favorites are the paprikash and schnitzel. That being said, you can't go wrong with whatever you choose! A friend recently ordered the perch dinner and said it was some of the best she's ever had. All meals also come with roll and salad bar, and beer is available for those who want it. If you're looking for good, authentic Polish food and are in the area, Sokolowski's should be your first stop!"}, {"review_id": "U9sG5oCiXTZv7V3fJhnNBg", "user_id": "GSMBpnEny1cR12yPIwO0Dg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/22/2017", "text": "***Travelers - super surprised no one recommended this place when I asked for favorite Cleveland eats. This experience should be at the top of your list!***HISTORY: Located in the heart of Tremont, Sokolowski's University Inn has been serving Polish and Eastern European cuisine since 1923. It is Cleveland's oldest owned and family operated restaurant. It is now owned by three of the grandchildren of the original owners that established the place in 1923 and is also a James Beard Foundation \"American Classics\" Award-winning restaurant. They specialize in comfort food, with a traditional Polish and American menu. Find dishes like: chicken paprikash, stuffed cabbage, and of course, their pierogis! KNOW BEFORE YOU GO: There will be a line, a BIG ONE. We didn't really read the reviews before coming and the experience of entering this place was hysterical. We always joke - where there is a line, there is a good reason. When we are in a new city and see a line, we always jump in it! And so far we have never been disappointed. This place was no different. We stood there wondering - if we are just ordering the  do we still stand in this line? YES.Pro-tip there is a bar about halfway down the giant line, send someone from your group to buy a round and bring them back. While you wait in this stunning line that wraps in and around this historic restaurant you will see family heirlooms and celebrities lining the walls. WHAT TO ORDER:There are TONS of these white paper signs taped up around the restaurant with specials. My advice is to know what you want before you get up to the cafeteria style line. Yes, it is cafeteria style. I don't know that I have ever seen a restaurant still operating like this. You choose your pie, whatever you want to drink - they even have beer in line (HA)! Then you pick from the spread there. We opted for a dozen pierogis to split. THIS WAS THE WRONG CHOICE! These things were MASSIVE and so heavy/comforting. I could only eat two before I was full - seriously. I would order a sampler of things and get two pierogis as a side, they offer them for $1.25 for two. Overall I thought the entire experience of this place was hilarious and really made our trip memorable. The pierogis were insanely delicious and comforting for sure. I will admit I was a little disappointed they weren't seared as much as I would've liked since they were just sitting in the bin with the others when they fished them out. But the flavor was there and the sour cream was the perfect compliment. These pierogis are now on my list of \"things I had to have in other city's and now I'm pissed because I will never have them again.\" Kudos to the family for keeping this place alive. It's obvious that what you are doing brings smiles to so many people's faces from locals to travelers alike."}, {"review_id": "jp8HzcYO3q4hKKSS0vol9g", "user_id": "CTZAMF2Nf4Y6cZYruIvPiw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/27/2018", "text": "The best!! Food,service,atmosphere..... all amazing. Always a great time and everyone always in a friendly mood. Been coming here for years to celebrate birthdays, anniversaries, family gatherings or just dining with family or friends. Delicious assortment of foods and a full service bar to get a drink while waiting in the chow line. Truly a unique award-winning Cleveland landmark. None better. Try it!!"}, {"review_id": "l5f3K-y5dn7H_PMaCieimQ", "user_id": "Nlw4qbIl_1Iz_Aogagv5ew", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/9/2018", "text": "Cafeteria style restaurant that serves generic desserts first but don't let that fool you! The real meal begins after the soda fountain and their perogies are amazing!! I also had their stuffed cabbage which was surprisingly good too! Was able to eat family style and you definitely get your money's worth... doesn't look like a lot but you get full fast!"}, {"review_id": "HMIjqMAR8yi1xtWmjjqdIQ", "user_id": "WpAKSs1wasQ3fqK7s9w5xQ", "rating": 2.0, "date": "10/21/2017", "text": "I find myself unusually nervous about reviewing Sokolowski's University Inn.  It just seems to be so venerated and beloved by so many.  But I'll be honest as my experience wasn't the best.  My husband and I visited recently on a cross country trip and we were excited to try a Polish restaurant while in Cleveland.  We did read some reviews beforehand, so we understood it was cafeteria style and there might be a long line and other minor eccentricities.  No problem, we thought.  When we arrived, there was no line at all, but we were confused by the dessert section coming first, so we attempted to enter from the other direction and were met by a confused and somewhat angry dishwasher who had difficulty communicating to us that we were heading in the wrong direction.  While that was certainly not his fault, it was disconcerting as a first impression.  We went back the original way and fell into line with our trays.  The food items were not marked and there was no posted menu.  There were a few sheets of copy paper taped in various sections, either printed out from a Word program or written on with pen, to indicate pricing and menu items available.  My husband was most excited to try the scrod and they told us they hadn't had it in months.  By that time, there was a line forming and we made some quick picks and had to ask what everything was, so we tried to just go with whatever looked good.  We got kielbasa, chicken paprikash, pierogies, and green beans.  Overall, the taste was okay but not mind blowing.  My chicken seemed undercooked (pink center I could not eat), which was the worst offense here, but it was too busy by then to make any changes and to be honest I felt a little intimidated.  The sauce was good, at least.  When I used the ladies restroom, an employee of Sokolowski's was on her way out and she screamed that I'd scared her.  I apologized twice and she kept repeating \"you scared me\" very angrily.  It was crazy, especially from an employee who was coming out as I was about to enter? I felt so uncomfortable and unwelcome here. We were shocked to find that these authentic pierogies tasted, to both of us anyway, exactly like Mrs. T's from the supermarket freezer.  I'm sure they are far better quality but I expected to taste a marked difference.  Also, the green beans were 2/3 bright green and 1/3 brown. I don't even know what else to say.  Two stars for my experience here, and hoping it was just an off day all around for this restaurant."}, {"review_id": "RSJnaE-P93-5jTPBhNOVDQ", "user_id": "RCxBgx6ti8AYsCSEsHRBPg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/13/2018", "text": "I'm polish, Hungarian, and german so I have mixed opinions of this place. I prefer the Hungarian way of making some of their dishes but if you want a legit experience of eastern European cuisine this is the place to go. Its awesome that you can try so many different dishes and desserts as well. I recommend the fish and the perogis if they have them."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/sokolowskis-university-inn-cleveland?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]