[[{"review_id": "wEY4gMH_dWrgDzujWvcbNQ", "user_id": "74vnMYHDNufUUiXDIBQ0mA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/29/2018", "text": "Sophistication on a plate.......Wonderful food & experience.I had the flavorful pork chop with polenta and my wife had the scallops which melted in your mouth.  Their wine selection is astounding also.  Perfect location for an anniversary dinner."}, {"review_id": "qGgEoqir2_efiDjXuzq68w", "user_id": "uQEqsxqT3U6Ll1dsnqst-w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/1/2018", "text": "Visited Lola before a Cavs game and had a great time.  We started with cocktails at the bar while we waited for the rest of our group.  They have an iPad menu for drinks and the bartender helps us make our picks.We started with the charcuterie platter that was plenty for 4 to share along with an order of the pierogies.  The platter was delicious with the exception of a duck sausage that should have been peeled before it was made into a slider.  Oddly, they served 3 of these small sliders when there were 4 of us at the table.  Two of us had the scallops that were wonderful, other orders were duck and the pork chop along with a side of brussels sprouts.  All were nicely cooked and very good.No desserts this time as we had to get to the game but the menu looked tasty too."}, {"review_id": "VDZQEiUshx3254Y4E5DMgQ", "user_id": "ZjzNsJ8QWA3UQuQWEqmv0Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/6/2018", "text": "We visited Lola for my husband's birthday, and you guys, it was the perfect celebratory experience! I'd rate Lola five stars, hands down, if the dining room hadn't been about a million degrees in the middle of February--we were dying to get out of there by the end of the night for some fresh air. Such a weird experience. We actually happened upon Lola during Cleveland Restaurant Week, which made things extra amazing-- my husband went for the restaurant week menu, and I opted for their soup special and the \"fish and chips\". Lola's fish and chips is actually a beautiful tuna tartare salad--salty and crunchy and savory and just plain beautiful. I love rare/raw tuna, and this was one of my favorite iterations. I also got a broccoli, rice, and fried cheese curds soup, of which the cheese curds were the highlight. The soup was poured table side, which was a nice touch. The tasting menu was yummy as well-- the beef cheek pierogi were beautifully tender, and the steak was superlative. The salad was just okay, but the dessert was great as well-- poached pear with gorgonzola ice cream. Yum! Service was attentive and helpful, and our cocktails were tasty (if slightly forgettable... it's a couple of weeks later, and I can't remember what we got). I want to go with five stars, but I was just so uncomfortable for an hour in the blazing heat."}, {"review_id": "9dKFUIl-SI8OnLGTrlPXHQ", "user_id": "DgepkOPI53qmBrX2ZjepAg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Really delicious! Dishes are heavily meat based and very filling. Also, the wait time is really long so I recommend making a reservation."}, {"review_id": "JSRGAXZ-KH-GUmpAFsFGuQ", "user_id": "cglthngqCppbHv9ziyVUog", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "2.5 stars. Overall, not impressed. The restaurant is so loud that you can't even carry on a conversation with the people at your table. My coworker remarked that the bathroom wasn't all that clean. The drink menu on the iPad is annoying and awkward, as there aren't enough for each person to have their own. Plus, do we really need to scroll through three paragraphs waxing poetic about a cocktail that ends up just tasting like generic fruity nonsense? As for the food, it was a mixed bag. The complimentary bread was great. The appetizer of beef cheek pierogi was yummy. The entree- sea scallops- was so incredibly salty as to be almost inedible. The side of brussels sprouts was soggy and bland- literally had no seasoning at all. For dessert, we got the vanilla creme brulee, which was very tasty- glad we got to end the meal on a positive note. Service was good- responsive, if not particularly friendly. But with all the hype, and at this high price point, I expected a far better experience than the one I got."}, {"review_id": "SR8LLAtfrluXv4VXyaYAbg", "user_id": "ZvSqgWMTN1U2LA3zHrtlQw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "While in Cleveland I felt we had to have dinner here. This place is on the higher end of dining options in the city, but worth it. We came in pretty early so it was not very crowded yet. The music was good, classic rock, and the ambiance romantic. We started out with the house made charcuterie plate. It was later than I was expecting with a variety of sausages, pate and pickles. Then we had the \"fish and chips\" which is not what you would expect. It was more like a tuna poke except more Greek. I had the scallops for dinner which were awesome! The hubs had the strip steak. I am not a huge steak fan, but it was tasty, especially the seasoning on the outside. Then for dessert we split the \"s'mores\". It was very good and unexpected. It had homemade bourbon marshmallows that had been torched on top of a creamy chocolate ganache and graham cracker ice cream. So in one bite it tasted like a s'more but the temperature difference of the ice cream was cool. They also have a nice sized wine list, cocktails and beer. The service was exemplary as well. Overall a great experience!"}, {"review_id": "LLRvgyPTCMw1MxHTPBgHiA", "user_id": "85Ze5e3-3J4x6EgiM_eSfg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "My husband and I went here for dinner on a Saturday night. We ordered the beef cheek and a soup special they were having as an appetizer. The beef cheek was just grainy and mushy and I didnt care for it much at all. Then we had the pork chops and the scallops and they were pretty good. Unfortunately the worst was the server. He seemed to completely ignore us. My husband ran out of wine and water for a while and he never noticed. He forgot to put in the order for one of our dishes and it just wasnt as nice as an experience as it should have been."}, {"review_id": "BIrl6b0mEFfNtG4xP3vSFA", "user_id": "7klfeCfoSvQ2IFyDGHuWew", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/1/2018", "text": "We had the opportunity to dine here over the weekend and can definitely say that this was the highlight of our out of town experience!Where do we start?  As foodies, we are of course fans of Chef Symon, but knew full well that he was not likely to be present on site (he wasn't).  Regardless, his presence was definitely felt with the offerings that hit our table.We opened the meal with an appetizer of bone marrow, having never had the opportunity to try this food previously.  Around this time we were presented with a drink menu on an iPad, which we politely declined since we do not drink.  Our feelings about the appetizer were mixed, given that it was our first experience with bone marrow and weren't sure how the \"correct way\" was supposed to be.  A number of options were presented as a topping for the marrow on the bread, our recommendation is the pickled shallots and the garlic spread with a couple drops of lemon.  The one downside was that the marrow was fried which left an odd coating in our mouths, drowning the subtleties of the other flavors offered.For the main course, one of us had the halibut, the other, the pork chop.  The halibut was terrific, surprisingly filling, despite the initial look of the plate.  The shiitake mushrooms had a spice that reminded you to combine the other elements on the plate into a single bite for a more cohesive flavor layering.  The pork chop was a revelation!  The chef recommends the cook on it to be medium, and we agree!  Given that there hasn't been a widespread case of trichinosis in the United States in decades, we weren't afraid to venture from the world of well-done pork.  Despite prior misgivings we've had about polenta, it was a hidden gem on the plate that supported the main star perfectly!  The smoky barbecue sauce accompanying the chop was delectable and left us wanting just one more bite at the end.Lest we have an incomplete experience, we indulged in the desert menu, one of us going after the s'more, the other the 6 AM Special.  We declare: skip breakfast for dinner and just make it a dessert!  The maple bacon ice cream was just fabulous!  The s'more was a deconstructed delight of our childhood with all the sophistication of a dessert for royalty!Hats off to the staff and compliments to the chef!  This was truly an amazing experience, and next time we are in Cleveland for a special occasion, we are sure to stop in!"}, {"review_id": "X7ErUwFXLCDa37TJwYhHAQ", "user_id": "34SA-0Rft88OqX-OtQ4VGA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "Great food and the people are very pleasant. Thank you for the good service and keep it up guys."}, {"review_id": "rUEfZfxCcyU4lIr5JXRbkg", "user_id": "clHhTrJX6PylXPXvjskGeQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/5/2018", "text": "I had been excited to try out this place for quite a while as I am a big fan of Michael Symon. The restaurant itself is beautiful with an open kitchen. They have a very cool drink list that they let you look through on an IPad, that is a first for me, but a unique way to peruse the cocktails and drinks. We both enjoyed our cocktails, strong and tasty. For appetizers we had the beef cheek pierogi, I enjoyed it. They split it into 2 plates for us since we were sharing, 2/15$ a little pricey but glad i tried it. The star was the horseradish cream sauce it came with. For entrees i choose the Steak Frites, Hanger Steak. It was cooked perfect and came with a nice rich sauce. The Lola fries are great, i have had them before at BSpot, they are coated with Rosemary and Parmesan. My date had the Lamb shank, it was huge, rich and delicious. Too much for one sitting, we took the rest home. We were too full for dessert but they gave us passion fruit truffles with the check which were tasty and a great finish. The service was impeccable the entire night, our server Tiffany was very helpful, offered to take our picture, and told us about their chef table that we inquired about. She told us you can sit at the chef table in front of the open kitchen and get a tasting menu at 14$ per course, minimum 3 courses. Sounds cool, may try it next time. She also did a great job explaining the dishes and how they are prepared. The only downside of the whole night was the temperature of the dining room, it was very hot, I had to remove my sport-jacket but was still sweating. On top of that the chair is a leathery/vinyl cushion which made me extra sweaty and stuck to the seat. A great night minus the swamp ass by the end of the meal. Not enough to deter me though, I will be back again for another great night of fine dining."}, {"review_id": "cSIDvcTnVtRniSTFB8PKrA", "user_id": "sTz73HVYskd2JYDcsPb6EA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "We celebrated our 20th Anniversary with a mini trip to Cleveland which included dinner at Lola Bistro. The wait staff was exceptional as were the food and atmosphere. We started with the beef cheek pierogis and they were to die for!  My husband ordered the lamb shank and it really was a whole lamb shank!  My scallops were cooked perfectly and the sticky toffee pudding was a delicious delight. The signature Lola Cocktail was a great choice and there was an extensive beer, wine, and cocktail menu. Our serve was attentive but not intrusive and presented herself in a friendly and professional way. The manager was on the floor greeting guests and filling water glasses and the bus person was quick to tidy up tables between courses. All in All a definite 5/5 Stars and worth every penny."}, {"review_id": "gm_olHi60QIVxPX6z8qDPw", "user_id": "JQ0qyLIOV1fvJWgJnTiWGw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/1/2018", "text": "My mother and I shared a passion for food and we loved our TV Chefs... most of all Ramsay & Symon (Iron Chef with a million dollar smile). Being that my mom lived in OH, she was always excited over the idea of me visiting and us going to Cleveland to try Lola by Chef Michael Symon. We spoke of it many times over the years. On April 20th, 2018 I lost my mother to cancer. She and I never had the pleasure of dining together at Lola, but I made it a point to go after her service in Akron. It was a rather bitter sweet moment for me... a smile on my face and tears in my eyes. Lola is a beautiful restaurant and the service is fantastic (as one could expect from Chef Symon). Our server was extremely friendly and the restaurant as a whole is warm and welcoming. The drink and food menu had many options that looked interesting, but I love a good cut of meat. We ate the Beef Cheek Pierogi as an appetizer then we each had the Beef Hanger Steak with a pickle sauce, chiles, and it comes with lola fries (rosemary fries). I elected to get the Potato Lyonnaise all of which were delicious! The dish itself as served is almost like a play on a burger and fries. The ambiance was great and the food was prepared in a timely manner... grade A service all around! After finishing our meal, I was too stuffed to try desert so we wrapped up the night. Strolling back to the car through the modern industrial style block I couldn't help but smile (shake too cause it was like 30 degrees... I'm from Miami FL!) And tear up a bit, my Mom would have loved it there. I definitely recommend Lola !!!  I only have a 5 star option, so I figured I can add more down here"}, {"review_id": "6ZeRAFbNN7XFxQ_1UK-e2g", "user_id": "mDbW2WU6TIgbMoWyaaPaRg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "10/8/2017", "text": "I thought Lola would be the best restaurant in Cleveland or close to it but was disappointed. This Lola isn't even the best Lola I've eaten at (shout out to Tom Douglas and Seattle).I started with the pierogis (2 for $14) filled with shredded beef and covered with a savory sauce that really didn't do it for me. Tasted like steak drippings with herbs used in beef dishes. The pierogis were good but not worth going back for.The hangar steak I ordered with fries had the same sauce or similar enough to the pierogi sauce that it gave me the same experience. I spit out two pieces due to eat content. Not great.Fries were good but came with no sauce, they offered ketchup which I took but they should have aioli.Not worth going back for."}, {"review_id": "seEdFFQXrN7BQ2fkeueUkA", "user_id": "IUEZaAE0sdSKhyMgz3YHBQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/6/2018", "text": "If you are anywhere nearby, you should make a beeline to Lola Bistro. The food was excellent! We had beef cheek pierogis, hanger steak, lamb shank and roasted vegetables. It was the best we've had ever. Our wait staff was helpful, friendly and generous. We loved everything except... the bitchy hostesses. When I addressed an issue with the two women at the hostess stand they stared at me like deer in headlights then they remorsefully, robotically said, \"Hope you enjoyed your stay.\" I won't let them ruin this review of an overall greet experience, but they need to go."}, {"review_id": "lJ3moSiYyva00FJPYseWUQ", "user_id": "2ggIGl2G3AnhTQGgw_4flg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/17/2018", "text": "Great service and food! My boyfriend and I celebrate our 5yr together and they gave us a cute plate with cupcakes and candles. I do have to say get the brussel sprouts, Berkeley check pierogi and the lamb shank! Delicious!!"}, {"review_id": "625-M0neyhNOlpgQPoTGyg", "user_id": "5WBIwR92ZNVmsG7bRaxHKw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/8/2017", "text": "Finally finally made it here for dinner! I had a table of 4... I had the special soup of the day - butternut squash and smoked tomato. They were very accommodating and left out the creme fresh for me. And for dinner I had the halibut with the saffron sauce. I really could have licked the plate to get every last drop of the saffron sauce. The dish was overall really tasty, but a little too salty. The top of the fish was crispy which was nice. The staff was very attentive, constantly clearing the table and filling waters. Overall it was a really nice experience."}, {"review_id": "sR77HOIId2MRmLYDNhrdjQ", "user_id": "glaS7HdFcvpoQv3Q1Vqbew", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/22/2018", "text": "Michael Symon's Lola is one restaurant that does not go unheard of in the Cleveland restaurant scene. After hearing all the hype, I decided it was finally time to give it a shot. This spot has a great local reputation, and is also well-known outside of the city. Being on East 4th in downtown Cleveland, the location only adds characteristic and value to its aura. Once inside, the vibe is nice with dim-lit lighting and a reasonable ambiance. As expected, the service was nothing short of quality, with servers being very personable, as well as providing of recommendations. I ordered the Peppercorn Crusted Sirloin and coupled it with some regular red-wine. All in all, the food was pretty enjoyable, and offered some unique flavor. I think I may have set the expectations a little too high, because of how well others talk about it. I did think it was a little over-priced for the type of meal I had as well. All in all, I would recommend for others to experience this at least once. There are many great restaurants in the Cleveland scene, and this one maintains that reputation."}, {"review_id": "VpUyvO_nH4Zfpp-TRgskSw", "user_id": "1_X2Ti3UJBBtwn6o6AwD1w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/16/2018", "text": "Excellent food. Beef cheek pierogi appetizer was light dumplings with shredded beef cheek filling and a tasty sauce.  Raw cruciferous salad was outstanding and unusual curry-spiced cauliflower salad with a perfect mix of sweet, creamy, and crunchy ingredients. We had duck, pork, and scallops and they were all great.  The cheesy polenta and sweet potato sides were high quality and flavorful sides. The 6am Special dessert was our favorite. About $70 per person, which makes sense for fine dining with great service."}, {"review_id": "7_i7bWVUDa4w6F8CVwYtdg", "user_id": "d64lte3gSQVd6AeHXvaixA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "Had a wonderful meal here for our 20th anniversary dinner.  We each had a cocktail which were quite nice.  For an appetizer we started with the Sunchokes.  I've never had sunchokes before and they were delicious.  For an entree I had the scallops without bacon and the husband had the hangar steak.  The scallops were among the best I've ever had and I was surprised they were normally made with bacon.  They were light and citrusy and perfect and it seems like the addition of bacon would weigh them down.  He raved about his hangar steak.  The service was attentive and unobtrusive.  The wines we both had with our meal were great as well.  For dessert we had the Lola S'more which was outstanding.  We were very pleased and will definitely return."}, {"review_id": "ZIncXECWQuQQoLGqnAAZlA", "user_id": "SZJIHMuYCoJmSIKV8osK-w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/12/2018", "text": "I have a huge fan of Michael Symon so my wife took me here for a date night. I was not as happy as I hoped I would be. Over all, the experience was wonderful. The staff and the atmosphere were first class. The appetizer I got, the beef cheek perogies, were out of this world good. But for the main course I got leg of lamb which while good was overwhelmed with the cucumber sauce they put on it. For dessert however, we got a few things and they were above average. I understand that Iron Chef Symon was not cooking when we were there so my expectations were a little too high probably. Over all - lovely place to eat"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/lola-cleveland?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]