[[{"review_id": "BYTObHJDFB_uC__0_JkuEQ", "user_id": "NBJjQ7-02DfpLkmVYmQXxw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "I've been here about a half dozen times and there's been some good experiences and some others with not that great service so I'll stick with 4 stars. It's a hot dog restaurant - don't go looking for anything else - it's a hot dog restaurant!  Cool art and decent beer selection. Seating sucks when it's busy and the waiting area is a joke."}, {"review_id": "yEn6cn4EPTQ9Hg7dJXF8rw", "user_id": "hXpzxm7XNFye14VxHOvp-w", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "I seriously think the only reason Dirty Frank's is so revered, (by many at least) is because very little patrons stop and think about the value presented in their food. Many of its patrons stumble out of a frat house at 1 in the afternoon bearing mommy's and daddy's credit card, and revel at the unutterable awesomeness of this small hot dog joint. Others, like myself, have there jaws on the floor when they realize they charge $5 for a REGULAR sized hot dog with decent toppings.Ok sure, they are slightly larger then your average ballpark frank you'd get from Walmart, but certainly not enough to justify charging around twice the price of an entire pack of hot dogs from the latter. \"Oh come on duuude, it's them crunk dogs that make it worth it maaaan just chill\" That's true, it is the creativity that sets them apart right? That's just it though. Dirty Franks has access to no more ingredients than your average restaurant. The difference is: instead of putting those ingredients on a burger, spaghetti, fish, or whatever...., they simply slap them on a store bought hotdog and bun and charge $5 for it. Now please don't get me wrong, the food was pretty good, and it was great to eat at such an iconic place. All in all, if your looking to just experience the icon that is Dirty Franks, obviously I'd recommend it. That being said, before you go here planning on buying 4 dogs like any other hotdog place/stand, please realize that doing so will net you a bill that looks very similar to a two person outing at say, Applebee's or Fridays."}, {"review_id": "hQSJZvWf6Gr37-gSMbBRzw", "user_id": "UmNuHmg-CW1pZsW6fWY0uA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/18/2018", "text": "With Dirty Frank's, it's all about the hot dogs. They have great hot dogs and steamed, soft hot dog buns but the stars are usually what's on the dog. I tried the Picnic Table (baked beans, slaw, relish and crushed potato chips) and the Sonoran (bacon-wrapped dog, green chilies, refried beans, tomatos, cheddar, mayo and onions), both very different hot dogs. Each was very tasty and well worth the money. I left full and happy.The only drawback is parking. There are parking lots nearby but not a lot of free parking. I wouldn't ding Frank's for this. Just plan to visit outside of peak hours."}, {"review_id": "p8IMsmFr4FqyrKcDfxW8wQ", "user_id": "p-_xTXwwIEnUUO0ok7j_Sg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "we came here after a show at Palace Theatre - it was pretty busy but we got a table very quickly anyway. The staff was welcoming and the atmosphere was pleasant. We ordered 2 hot dogs each which was plenty of food - the Classy Lady was deceptively wonderful even though the combination of cheese sauce and crushed chips doesn't seem that fanciful. I would have gladly ordered a second of that dog if I wasn't so stuffed. The drinks were good too, it's very reasonably priced which allowed us to sample more. Also on the plus - I forgot an item here and the staff was nice enough to keep it aside for me to come back and retrieve later that same night. Although they need to clear their phone inbox! No one was answering the phone and I was unable to leave a message. But that can also be avoided by not leaving items there like I was dumb enough to do, haha."}, {"review_id": "98_OUlnTD3JkB1Bn9_7SSg", "user_id": "xiaJ1lug7dz3EjwF03FlrA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/11/2018", "text": "Crazy good! I think it's been five years since I had a hot dog and boy, was this the right place to break my streak! I had a dog with baked beans, cheddar cheese, and Fritos. Yum! My hubby had the brisket and slaw dog. Very delish. And of course, we had to try the tots, fries, and the fried leeks. All were good. The leeks were a bit greasy but the tots were crispy and great. Treat yourself to a great dog when you're in Columbus!"}, {"review_id": "Hxll814YTy-b9h_urGaQeQ", "user_id": "VzF4VA9vSmE8jY3n0zr8qA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/15/2018", "text": "What a nice little joint! Franks specializes in hotdogs and they are tasty! You can either order one of the combinations or make your own which is pretty cool. I got the Chicago style hotdog and it was so good. The relish was amazing, I'll definitely get extra next time. The restaurant is cute and clean ok the inside with bright yellow walls and fun pictures. The waitress taking my order was nice and friendly. I decided to do takeout and ended eating right outside the restaurant. They have a covered area with a tabletop around the perimeter big enough for your food/drinks. They are located right next to 16bit and there is parking around so you shouldn't have a problem finding some.Enjoyed my hotdog and entire experience. I'll be back next time to try their delicious looking corn dogs!!"}, {"review_id": "0Hk9YBZrPYOh-oIWntM71Q", "user_id": "4WbnKazyuDkn53iYJ25d1w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "Great food!  There are so many amazing toppings and combinations that you could literally go every day for a week and eat something different every time.  Make sure you ask to have your dog cooked how you like it, you can have it split, charred, grilled, boiled, etc. I highly suggest the picnic table"}, {"review_id": "mHHG555AaM6CBWDNszHKXw", "user_id": "JKSb0GEs81uYb3rt91flcA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/1/2018", "text": "Although I am personally not a big fan of hot dogs, I was pleasantly satisfied with this establishment!There was a great variety in hot dogs and vegetarian and vegan options! The Seoul dog was flavorful with kimchi and the tots and pretzel was also delicious. The service seemed a bit slow, but the prices were very nice and inexpensive! Would love to come again and try different dogs!"}, {"review_id": "HOYYq3YK4k6DeR3iyUtuZg", "user_id": "QqQZeVPbwGcsYsjvYQt98w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Dirty franks is one of my favorites around Columbus! I bring everyone I know from out of town here, because they're so fascinated by a ton of choices for dressing your hotdog! My absolute favorite dog is the BLT dog and you've gotta add jalapeños to that! But you also cannot go wrong with the rest of the dogs on their menu! Don't forget to try the fried leeks, you won't be disappointed!!!"}, {"review_id": "uzBEa7_VuYHQipXSbWMXig", "user_id": "4ZHoDp-MSFb9fMxp58zwkg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/18/2018", "text": "Do you like hot dogs? Is your go-to trick at parties to eat a whole hotdog in one bite? And can you then pull the forementioned hotdog back out of your mouth? If so, this place is for you.Initial impressions :+serves alcohol+small, and very busy.+the wait for lunch is about 20 minutes for 2 people.The good :+huge menu of hot dogs. I think there's about 30+ hot dogs here.+bacon dogs?! Sign me up+varieties of sides+dogs have a good snap to them+nice staff The bad:+dogs could be bigger.+dogs with lots of toppings tend to lose flavor. It's a mush of flavors in your mouth.Overall this is a classic dog's and beers joint. An American classic. I can see why this place is so busy."}, {"review_id": "3-nCA0-6A5gw8BTR0RyjDA", "user_id": "QGOtNZfasBwWCuawKjypYA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/29/2017", "text": "This is one of my favorite restaurants in Columbus. My husband and I love loaded hot dog restaurants and this one did not disappoint. The menu is huge, so there should be something for everyone. I got the Westside, Bestside! and the Mike's Mac Attack. Both were incredibly delicious. My husband got the Puff the Magic Popper and the Slappy Pappy's Super Sloppy. He really enjoyed both as well. They offer lettuce wraps and vegan dogs so there are options for those with more restrictive diets as well. We went on a weekday around Christmas for lunch and the restaurant was crowded. The service was very fast though, so if you can't get a table right away, I can't imagine you would have to wait very long. We don't live in Columbus anymore, but next time we are in the area I would definitely go back."}, {"review_id": "XCwSNuTtct-BiO0YdMl58g", "user_id": "Dr_W3Z_GrgABtfYzE6DqkA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "This is the best hot dog joint I have ever been to and I have been to a few. Always a great time here and they have a variety of drinks and food. I love the Alex style tater tots so good"}, {"review_id": "ursgUnUmY_UOhOEiPiqnCQ", "user_id": "6KdUySfYlUkFNeQRfZYkug", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/29/2018", "text": "I am not a hotdog fan... at all. However, my boyfriend loves them. Despite my feelings, I decided to have dinner at Dirty  Frank's while a friend was in town. Their menu includes a large choice of hotdogs woth various toppings. Pretty much any hotdog topping combination you can think of. I decided to try some of the tots and the gluten free brownie with the ice cream. My dessert choice was a great choice and was rightly sized for one person. The tots were also delicious. They were nice and crispy and not sight like some other restaurants. I just wish their menu includes at least one non hotdog main choice. The various selections of sides are great. I would come back just to try some of those sides."}, {"review_id": "ZqJ9N_yTGGBWvnKiMkiW3Q", "user_id": "0PCM8QMFWatpzBMRUVOVbQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "10/20/2017", "text": "This place was hoppin' at the lunch hour! A few people looked like they were on lunch break from work, but most people seemed like they were trying it for the first time. I saw families, young adults, older folks. It definitely attracts all kinds of people!The wait wasn't super long on a Friday around 12:30. Maybe 15-20 minutes. But I was in a group of three. I will say, come around 1 or 1:30 if you want to miss the lunch crowd and get seated quicker.I ordered the Chicago and Amy's Big Boston Dog, but instead of Amy's they gave me Columbus Crew....that's why y'all get four stars. I didn't tell the waitress because hey, it's my first time trying it and I'll try anything on the menu. The Columbus Crew had olives, yellow banana peppers, and sriracha cream cheese sauce. Good, but I don't like peppers or olives. LOL. The Chicago was phenomenal though. It had a pickle and tomato. It was overly seasoned with black pepper, but it was still pretty good.My friend got Puff the Magic Popper, which had cheddar cream cheese, jalapeño, and bacon bits with a side of fries. Side note, sides here are so cheap!! She loved what she had! I thought the fries were just okay. You can do well here eating two dogs and no side. It's filling. My other friend got Lara's Pittsburgh Princess, which had vinegar-based slaw and fries. She thought it was good, but loved the Cowgirl Carmen a lot better, which had meat coney sauce, shredded cheddar, and crushed Fritos.The space is definitely small. The most you can have with you is probably a group of 4, because tables aren't huge. We sat at the bar, but it was just 3 of us anyway. There was a lot of baseball decoration around. Not sure how long this place has been around though, but all the workers were young hipsters in their mid to late 20s, it seemed.My bill was only $7, so not bad for lunch."}, {"review_id": "y1pPX4KmhVddrNZ08CeyTw", "user_id": "PCmXhEZOoSSPnYLgijmiVQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/27/2018", "text": "I'm in love with the corn dogs. Gotta have tater tots too. They are great and crispy.  The family loves everything smothered in chili and cheese.  My daughter gets the chili dog. The chili is a chunkier consistency than Cincinnati chili.  The corn dogs come two at a time.  They're full sized and come with spicy mustard and melted cheese. They taste like they were fresh made from the fair.  The place is tiny inside and very popular so expect to wait unless you order carry out.  There are tons of different combinations.  Everyone is bound to find a favorite. They even have dessert.  ENJOY!"}, {"review_id": "tbQTl_HMDMheDEBHzvsOgg", "user_id": "Q277TLiqDv8IGXRF0HHFcg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/29/2018", "text": "Yep. Exactly what you want and expect from the name. I had the classy lady (cuz I am) charred and split. The bun can make or break a dog experience. It was perfect...steamed poppyseed...light and smushable...sticks to your teeth a little. You know what I'm talking about!  Don't get uptight now. Cheese sauce with crumbled potato chips and  I added onions. My friend had puff the magic popper, chose a bratwurst for the dog. He said it's amaze balls but be careful with the jalapeños...they are fresh and spicy. We also shared the tater tots covered in chili and cheese sauce. 2 notables here--it's not shredded cheese...it's cheese sauce. I love this. Ooey gooey and can be a bath for your tot. 2nd--the chili was real. Meaning not the super fake crap from a can. Somebody loved this chili and took good care of it. Go get the dawgs and then hit the arcade next door--fun times."}, {"review_id": "qRXjJmkvTAy92YvS1BG7LA", "user_id": "orslvo8FZrMOJEDmBKOwrA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/16/2017", "text": "Nice decor, good beer, friendly staff, and great hot dogs make for a good place to stop.The staff jumped out at me. My bartender recommended beers and hot dogs and he was right on all his choices. He asked me what flavors I liked and was able to find what I wanted. I picked two hot dogs and he picked two. The only one that wasn't great was the one I picked. I love a restaurant that knows how to give recommendations.The staff goes well with the decor. It's an old school bar, filled with dark wood. It feels clean and comfortable, but from another time. I appreciate that they only play Ohio music and the music choices were good. The music volume was a little loud for 12pm, though.The choice in beers was good, though like most places that brag about their beer selection, they were light on lagers. The bartender recommended the Hilltop lager that I liked. They have Weienstephaner on tap, which shows good taste. The beers were at the expensive end of average, around $5 each.I didn't eat any sides, only hot dogs, but I liked what I tasted. The meat itself was a nice hot dog. Obviously, it's a cheap meat to begin with, but i had a bite that was pure meat and it tasted great. Here, toppings are king. My bartender recommended the BLT dog. Wrapped in bacon for a juicy dog, the tomato and lettuce really complement the taste. He also recommended the Hot Bollywood dog. The only topping is a spicy, sweet mango chutney that worked perfectly. I decided to get the Pittsburgh dog, which had french fries and cole slaw. This is the only hot dog that wasn't great. The buns here are thick and tasty, but combining them with french fries made for a bland, starchy undercurrent. The cole slaw was tasty, but it has a cooling effect on food. The end result was a little tasteless. A little bit of hot on this dog might lift it up. It wasn't bad at all, but I would never order it again.I left the Chicago dog for last. I have never had a hot dog in Chicago. I don't know what the authentic Chicago hot dog should be. This hot dog was stellar. The sweet pickle worked perfectly against the sour in the mustard and onion. The celery salt brought out the meat. It tasted wonderful. I highly recommend it.My total bill for 4 hot dogs and two beers was about $30 after tax and tip. That's a little expensive, but I was still happy after the experience. If you're in Columbus and want to get a little rowdy with friends, it's a great choice."}, {"review_id": "3WzAIllS9v0ZO-q6bYHI3g", "user_id": "2PVdMUPjAjqCFTl59x6-Ag", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "We went over from our hotel on a rainy day and the line was still long, but we ordered to go and ate underneath the awning. It was awesome! The staff was so helpful and clearly kept things moving to keep everyone happy. My wife is vegan and i am paleo and they have amazing options for both of us - the flavors were great! I'd recommend anyone go who's there for a Columbus weekend."}, {"review_id": "Y6uovicIpkNMoMr2U1yN-Q", "user_id": "JzP5uJjhZb0Vj8J_bn3mOg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/19/2018", "text": "I've been to Frank's a few times over the years. I'll point out I am not a hot dog fan. Hearing the many not so pleasant stories of what's in hot dogs just leave me with the shivers and stomach willies. So, I've only ever had Frank's bratwurst and pork dog. Unfortunately, its never been more than just ok. I'm assuming the topping combinations on their suggested wieners are what draw in the masses. That, and the ability to stop in when your craving substance when your in the middle of a hangover. Dirty Frank's is small, so if your going with a big group, expect to wait, or eat standing on the patio."}, {"review_id": "kqQTjKTAifmBjXg2B9KXlg", "user_id": "CgcF4eqDc9vpVxAycKIw-w", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/19/2018", "text": "Have been to the Dirty Frank's on main and was just 2 doors down after drinks at Little Palace so decided to get my late night craving on ...inside pretty cool , bar surprisingly stocked for a hot dog joint, plenty of options of how you want your Vienna Beef Dog.. I chose theChicago Dog and the Pittsburgh Princess...told waitresses wanted dogs to go... sat down for a minute or two and felt like just eating there, so asked waitress if I could just sit at bar & eat my dogs.. she said that she rang up my order and that it wouldn't include the tax if I ate at the bar ... Really?i mean we're talking maybe .75 -$1.00... thought that was lame .. dogs up went to my car and dug in ... Pittsburgh Princess had Slaw French Fries and mustard, Chicago Dog  tomatoes kosher dilll spear celery salt and mustard ....much like my previous visit the hot dogs sounded much better on the menu than they actually tasted.. more bun than dog, ingredients average... definitely have had better dogs (where's the green relish on the Chicago Dog)... once again DF's disappoints, convenient location near bars makes it convenient... but definitely not a destination joint..."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/dirty-franks-hot-dog-palace-columbus?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]