[[{"review_id": "qeiVR1ryY5Xjo0OjrCmueg", "user_id": "QrATKOsQwo569mvk0vhagg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "There's really not a lot to say. I love me some Mabel's and if you haven't been there, go! Like, now.  I've been there a number of times since it opened and it's been consistently good since my first trip on day 3 of their existence.  Since all the food, essentially, is pre made the table turnaround is fairly quick.  Service has always been friendly. This last visit, our server was quite busy but always available.The BBQ is amazing!  I love the ribs and fatty brisket.  So tender and full of flavor, you don't even need sauce.  I've had their turkey sandwich (can't remember the name) and that is equally delicious and HUGE!  My favorite side is the potatoes.  I could literally just go there for those.  I don't like cole slaw in any form or fashion, so I won't speak to that.  But I do like their pickles.If you're a drinker, like me, their cocktails don't disappoint. Boozy and delicious, certainly not for a lightweight.They don't take reservations and I wish their waiting area was a little more comfortable. But, other than that, Mabel's is solid through and through."}, {"review_id": "VvLcaAQ5EQ0yTX_1i9_r9g", "user_id": "yaXV3MdlG5TezkCq8RXHIw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "Was in town for the weekend and knew I had to stop by here! My bf loves bbq (and we were just in the south) so the cravings were real! This place is situated on one of the busiest streets in downtown. They don't take reservations so the wait can be pretty daunting. Luckily the butcher and brewer had bar seats (and the game on) while we waited - approx 1h20m for 2 on a sat at 7 (for a communal table). Star dishes were the 1/2 lb lamb ribs (fell right off the bone. Not sweet), 1/2 lb pork belly (literally melts in your mouth). Both were so well seasoned that we didn't touch the bbq sauce on the table. I would recommend asking for hot sauce (I believe it's habanero) Star sides were the cucumber salad (and the complimentary kraut.. the pickles were too sweet and not tangy) We also got the spicy kielbasa (which had pieces of cheese. The casing was so crisp!) I wish we got it earlier in the meal (I was so full With just the above. I didn't have any of the rye slices) Can't wait to come by"}, {"review_id": "hwkBLQ1RgRMY-XaDeNWhag", "user_id": "NbhWOxIByZtJF9gzkrRAJw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "I dined at Mabel's while on a work trip.  The food was great and the atmosphere was hopping!  As I was packing the next day I realized my favorite wrap had gone missing. I desperately searched the hotel room, hotel shuttle and even re-traced my steps on the street. I had to wait to call Mabel's until they opened at 11:00, which was after already boarding my flight.  The woman who answered checked lost and found and said they didn't have it either. Then she called back a few minutes later to say she'd found it at the front desk.  They shipped it back to me at their own expense!  Such great customer service and made my week!"}, {"review_id": "Jkoe42Ew4EUb5ArRbgDfOw", "user_id": "0oldIHmQcEv978FuV5o-Fg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/4/2018", "text": "I'm not really a huge fan of dry rub brisket however in this case the lack of sauce brought out the real taste of the meat they give you two choices lean or fatty I chose lean and it was very good. There are two sauces on the table I sampled the vinegar-based sauce that was very good but took away from the delicious smoke flavor of the meat there was also a wasabi hot sauce that I did not try.  The glazed carrots with both white and orange carrots were outstanding.  I did not care for the J.W potatoes. I'm not a huge fan of rye bread but the fact that was Baked locally from a vender at the Westside market was a great addition.  My daughter had the ribs and said they were the best that she has ever hadThey have a wide selection of whiskeys and beer to choose from some locally brewed.There are a lot of other bars and restaurants in this area along with a over abundance of panhandlers (one of whom kept mistaking me for Jerry Garcia....LOL what a complement) this is a fun Adult area"}, {"review_id": "UccQw_7oqzD1WSMs73uCRA", "user_id": "JD7L3z31GmOuVsRRPyqdFQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "BBQ is about what you deliver. Service was five star and the brisket was a sold ten. So why three stars? Since the TV chefs are seldom, if ever, in the house working, their recipe spirit, and the day-to-day is at the hands of managers and the kitchen. So deduct the Michael Symon gushing. This is Mabel's.Where it works is in the dishes like the potatoes that counter the greasy by baked then fried, tossed in a splash of vinegar and sprinkled with green onions. Where it fails are the cold beans drowning in sauce, or the hugely tasty dry rub on super thin ribs full of fat and very little meat. A word on the barbecue sauce: watery. Taste is good, but I poured some on to my tray and it was liquid. Not a winner.  The bar was a serious slap. Angels envy that I grabbed at my hotel the first night for $12 two blocks away was a noteworthy $32 at Mabel's! It wasn't alone: All of the inventory of whisky was vastly overpriced. They have really rare stuff like Pappy 32 at about double it's price in FL. $235. New York prices in Cleveland?  Carry a few less lofty pocket pickin' picks. That's my other star.I would love to come back and give it four or more..."}, {"review_id": "Hoi7P_p-AT6GLsYsz5ePIw", "user_id": "xalgcjscRLNPuyaAeKNThA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "I don't know who Michael Symon is, but I guess this is his place. This place has \"good\" barbecue. It may not be the best that you have had, but it is still decent.  They also have a full bar and the staff there was great which puts it up a notch. They have a few TVs around the bar. I was there when the Cavaliers were playing the Pacers in Indianapolis. They lost of course, but the staff was still in good spirts. I really liked the exotic menu items they have like pig tail and pig ears. I got the pig tail. I also had the big pig sandwich and it was very tasty. I highly recommend it. MMMMM.  I have also had their sausage and it was good as well. Now the potatoes are acquired task however, they taste like fried potatoes that were soaked in vinegar. I was between three and four stars on this one, but the staff's friendliness and great service tilted me to a four."}, {"review_id": "DNMNN51sTN-7xnkHME5oww", "user_id": "xwBZ8D_kii5NstB-y3OvBQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "WOW what a fun place.  Downtown for the ballgame.  This is the place to stop if you like smoked barbeque.  There were two seats on the end of the bar.  The bartender was welcoming and super friendly.  They have great happy hour specials ($3 tacos and $4 drinks).  The food was great. I had the pork belly and my hubby had the ribs.  We couldn't finish it.  Had a late nite snack for home. This is a Cleveland must.  If you just want to hang out and have great appetizers, (pork rinds and Lawson chip dip), great barbeque and good drinks."}, {"review_id": "t1ZqaErZTc8UTixNDEK99g", "user_id": "-GOkJVqCBvDxSD2DR9KyKQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/10/2018", "text": "Michael Symon's restaurant was so good I had to go twice. I had a one day business trip to Cleveland and was told to try this restaurant by my Uber driver. I arrived around 8:30 and luckily missed the crowd for the Cavs game earlier. The food was very tasty and I returned the next day for some food for my flight.My recommendation would be the brisket and the glazed carrots. These two were my absolute fave. The brisket was juicy, tender, and flavorful. I also had the lamb ribs and they were also great, but the portion size was small. I also tried the fried pig tails and wasn't a huge fan of that."}, {"review_id": "xG1FIeXQMp0HZBBtuleHmg", "user_id": "tGTNxyhc95oOG0QT2ope5A", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/25/2018", "text": "I have eaten at BBQ places all over the US and have to say this was a very different twist on it. Different in that the meats were good but did not have the traditional deep rich Smokey bbq flavor. For example the brisket was very juicy, with lots of rich beef flavor but not at all smoke flavored to us. The kielbasa and turkey were also very good but pretty much what you could do for yourself at home. The mustard, vinegar bbq  sauce was nothing special. The cole slaw side was outstanding as was the rye bread that came with the meat order. The key lime pudding got rave reviews, while the banana pudding was disappointing.If my mind was set on a good meat meal would be 4 stars, but for this visit we were looking for more traditional bbq."}, {"review_id": "t2P8vQs_dKly6jdzoCY9sA", "user_id": "gd0oSRTWAyHnXPVg6fwacQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/25/2018", "text": "I was in town last weekend for the NCAA Wrestling Tournament and I met friends here for my final meal of the weekend. As they are local and know my love of barbeque, they insisted we get together here before I left town.  They have raved about this place for a couple of years and I am very, very happy to say it was an awesome experience from start to finish.Walking in we had great service from begining to end. We sat at the community tables in the middle of the dining room and were in between wrestling foodies from New York and California. The decor is unique and an amazing combination of brick, wood, and metal. They have a bar and tables so this place is good for families, couples, individuals and large groups.The service was fast, friendly, attentive,and efficient. The dining room and restrooms were clean and tidy. The prices were fair for the quality and portions.I got the fatty briscuit as my meat and it was spectacularly cooked to perfection with an amazing rub. I sampled the BBQ sauce but wasn't really a fan and would love to see some additional offerings the next time I come. I thought the baked beans were amazing, the greens were tasty, and the potatoes were perfectly cooked. There were so many things I would like to try based on what my friends got and I guarantee I will be back.I would recommend this place to anyone working and living in downtown Cleveland; anyone visiting the casinos, people attending any of the professional sporting events like the Indians, Cavs, or the Browns; the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame; the Great Lakes Science Center; at Cleveland State or anywhere in the area for a special event."}, {"review_id": "zJCdUHEEJpOEfYCSGHGtpQ", "user_id": "dHFzOb-GzXdT5u3sUFKE_A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/1/2018", "text": "My wife and I are huge fans of Michael Symon. We've had great meals at Roast and B-Spot in Detroit, so it only made sense would stop here while we were in town. One thing that a waitress in Detroit told me about Michael Symon is \"What you see is what you get\". I can't think of a better phrase to sum up Mabel's.My wife got turkey and potatoes, I got brisket and spaetzle, and the kids ordered ribs and kielbasa. All of it was an excellent example of meat and vegetables, no more no less. The choices of barbecue sauces are simple, but both terrific.The only criticisms were that the raisins and peanuts were a bit odd in the broccoli salad, and the turkey was a bit dry (hard to avoid on a lean meat like this).The server was kind enough to return the broccoli salad and replace it with another side, free of charge (sweet but tasty glazed carrots). The service itself was terrific the whole time, like you're having a barbecue at a friend's house. Yeah...we'll be back."}, {"review_id": "ok5kYHczTAfZ30o5HNIjLw", "user_id": "H3VsV3rm86qipND8Vj56Mw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/23/2017", "text": "Iron chef, Michael Symon has another hit in Cleveland, this time a hip barbecue restaurant on east 4th.  Having travelled to many of the great barbecue institutions of America - Texas, Memphis, St. Louis - I was hesitant walking though the door on the authenticity and quality of the food.  Overall, I was very pleasantly surprised.  In addition to excelling at the barbecue fundamentals - Symon integrates his signature pickling talents into several of the side dishes - offering a unique twist pairing with the traditional barbecued meats.  The restaurant it's self is best described as a mix of modern and a bit of southern charm.  Nice two floor spacious design.  If you love bourbons, your going to love the bar selections.  For the signature cocktails, there were 3 types of manhattans alone.  The Michael Manhattan is the way to go, a bit steep on the price point, however it is well worth it - plus they give you a pretty generous pour.  One of the best manhattans I have had to date.For appetizers, you have to stretch yourself and try out the pig parts - pig ears are delicious.  Crispy and tender, with a great spicy seasoning.  Very tasty and with the try - and added bonus is that you can brag you have had pig ears before!For main entree, brisket is the best on the menu - would highly recommend the fatty cut.  Hands down on of the best brisket I have tried.  The home made ballpark mustard based barbecue sauce goes perfectly with the cuts of meat.  Ribs on the other hand were mediocre at best.  The ribs were pretty dry, over cooked, and not tender at all.  When comparing the 2, the brisket is definitely the way to go.  For sides, we order the greens and cole slaw.  Great job on the pickling of the veggies in the Cole slaw - and loved the fact is was not overflowing with the mayonnaise.  The combination of the pickled sides, with the mustard barbecue sauce, and the smoked meats was perfect.  Try this place out, worth a visit.  Understand there is sometimes some long lines here - hit it up later in the night - we went at 11 on a Friday night and the place was empty."}, {"review_id": "UIcNYI2Gf84YFROZjm6-vQ", "user_id": "Xnqbsqex72_KYsOk4AbqDg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/7/2017", "text": "Forget about it,, if you're looking for a place to throw down on some BBQ. Then you've definitely found what you've been long searching for. I am a snoot when it come to BBQ and these guys definitely know what they're doing.Ok let's start with what attracted me to walk through that door. The Crispy Pig Ears, yes, you heard me right, I am a big fan of an establishment who can make good stuff like this. Just one bite and my taste buds just exploded. Awesome texture, perfect dressing and executed at almost near perfection. The BBQ portion is also phenomenal. The fatty brisket was a preferred choice. YOLO right!? Because the fat, smoke and rub is something to be experienced. Then there's the pork belly, which is straight up life. Their ribs,,, is just WOW. Fall off the bone WOW!!There was a bit of a wait for the table when we came, but we got lucky by the bar, so we ended up cancelling our 40 minute wait. Thank God for the system! Right!? Anyways,, do come thru because this spot is hella proper. Thank you so much for reading my review. I hope this helps your decision making experience. Enjoy your awesome yelptastic day!"}, {"review_id": "35hkRcPLWa4_JQRymV-b9Q", "user_id": "VHWA53YOz3haDuIL36hYVQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "This is only the second Iron Chef restaurant we have visited and this one wins hands down. The food & service was excellent. We probably could have done with one plate and the sides. I had This is Cleveland and my wife had the Polish Girl with the hot kielbasa. Also had the Speatzle with Cabbage, the Hot Greens and the Crispy Ears. Next time we go it will be a toss-up between going to Lola's or coming back here. Tough choice! Maybe we will make a weekend of it and go to both!."}, {"review_id": "gUGfroWJ9BGh3o528TXgBA", "user_id": "M3gHZuM6SG3A4kEP0Kdqkg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "Unique barbecue. Had pork ribs, so tasty and fell off the bone. Pleasant friendly staff. Definitely will return."}, {"review_id": "Ag3TzWnBZHYDkH3wVh-h6A", "user_id": "9vAl-LVUCbKyYKbxxe0gJA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/16/2018", "text": "I'm from Tennessee and we have great BBQ,. So I was a little worried when we tried this restaurant out at the insistence of my son. I opted for the brisket sandwich and a side of collard greens.  The brisket was 1st rate, well done but not overdone.  The accompanying sauce is North Carolina based and was excellent.  The hoagie was next level.  The bread was fresh, dense and delicious. The greens were very good, not the best I've had, but much better than expected.I gave this 5 stars as the service was 1st rate and the premises ultra clean.  The tables which are tightly spaced but were scrubbed quickly and efficiently.  The decor is industrial chic."}, {"review_id": "iyYfBnip22xWmA5ndsOlvg", "user_id": "_RvnZGbEYhnJjcPumlQaFQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "Meat was filling if a little lacking in flavor. The service was good and our waiter was a sweetie but not sure if I would come here again. Maybe I'm just more of a Korean BBQ chick. Their drinks do have a nice kick though!"}, {"review_id": "SpcMFgRu9C1U8Qc5ZX09Fw", "user_id": "Er2dqRIyo0reWSlMdUuKlA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/19/2018", "text": "Michael Symon has created \"Cleveland-style BBQ\" and he got it right! The well-know meat loving chef has created a menu that is sure to please. The meats are all perfectly smoked but do not have an overwhelmingly smokey taste. I wish the local Bertman's Ballpark Mustard infused BBQ sauce was sold by the gallon - the tangy sauce is runny but provides the perfect bite to cut the fat. My favorite meats are the brisket and the hot kielbasa. The meat is the star of the show obviously but the sides stand their own ground. Don't miss the broccoli salad, hot greens, cucumber salad and spaetzle with spicy cabbage.They also have an extensive bourbon/whiskey selection, solid beer list and bottle aged cocktails for 2."}, {"review_id": "GqVuHy0iAxq_kY0eKkfJSQ", "user_id": "RG_ADQ9b-aEPc9fLqmMu4A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/10/2018", "text": "I was skeptical of the concept of \"Cleveland BBQ\" being created by Michael Symon from thin air, and fully anticipated hating this place and consigning it to the pile of \"Cleveland Booster\" restaurants and attractions that started filling every space larger than a closet in neighborhoods were, until about two years ago, suburbanites cautioned you about entering.  I was wrong, and I'm OK with that.  First, they make use of La Strada's old space very well.  The whole eatery has a clean, mid-century industrial feel to it, with lots of stainless steel and iron.  It's casual, but I've been there for lunch in a suit and didn't feel out of place.  Prices are fair and consistent.  On different occasions, I've had the \"This is Cleveland,\" which is a great way for one person to sample a couple different specialties.  Caution- it's huge.  Food coma huge.  But delicious.About the meat- it comes without sauce.  You add your own at the table.  I'm not a big fan of walking away with my hands covered in sugary, sticky goo, so that's right up my alley. However, the sauce they provide at the table is utterly delicious.  The meats are great.  The ribs are meaty, firm, yet still tender.  The lamb ribs are innovative and not to be missed!  You get fewer, but they are worth the expense."}, {"review_id": "ZkOSGA5RDhGesXTqQkygIQ", "user_id": "MdCpSjSTSb7w_VOTxayN7Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/9/2018", "text": "My only thing dropping this down from 5 starts is the price, which is a bit hefty being a Michael Symon restaurant. However, when we need to go out for a special occasion, this is always one of the first restaurants we think of, as the food is very good. The decor is similar to a typical BBQ joint, but more modernized and upscale.The food here is excellent, although it is definitely pricey, and the portions are smaller (like at many chef's restaurants), this is worthy of visits for special events. The food is served with everything on one tray making it easy to share. There were 4 of us, so we got 4 meats and 4 sides. The meats were pork spare ribs, lamb ribs, brisket, and pork belly. All of the meats were outstanding, but I was particularly fond of the pork belly as unlike at many locations, the pork belly had more meat than fat. My overall favorite meat was the lamb ribs, something which I  had never had before; but I always liked lamb, and in BBQ form, even better. The 4 sides we ordered were the greens, baked beans, spaetzle, and coleslaw. None of these particularly stood out to me, but I enjoyed all of them. My fiance really enjoyed the coleslaw.The selections for adult beverages is also a strength here. Fair amount of craft beers, mostly from Ohio breweries, are on draft. The big thing here though is a lengthy bourbon/whiskey/scotch list. Personally I had the French Toast Manhattan which really impressed me. A lot of times, trying to add additional flavors takes away from the drink, but this one added nice flavor, but maintained the traditional taste of a Manhattan. My fiance that hates bourbon said how it smelled pretty good, almost enough to want to try it.Definitely a little higher priced, but not too high that you need to get dressed up to come here. Good food, good drinks, definitely worthy of a visit."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/mabels-bbq-cleveland?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]