[[{"review_id": "NWVuno85XTX5lHY8abFUtg", "user_id": "Lg0orR-jutw9qwmz9FH8QQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "So happy my boyfriend and I checked out Soho. I love when a restaurant sticks to what they know. The chicken here is divine. You can pair it with a range of sides - Mac and cheese, collard greens, rosemary waffles, and so much more. We have also had amazing service every time we've stopped by. The hostess seats us right away (surely having a reservation helps), our water glasses are never empty, and biscuits and jam arrive expeditiously. Soho isn't too loud even when all the tables are full and there are a couple TVs near the bar so if you need to watch a sports game it's possible to keep an eye on the screen. Even still, the atmosphere manages to be both causal and romantic. I haven't tried any cocktails yet but the bar is well stocked so I'm sure more deliciousness awaits. Looking forward to working my way through the rest of the menu very soon."}, {"review_id": "GuZG_euoZmeoyS3Hn5sFMQ", "user_id": "aDp8ZgtO3M7dIrIF0tIP7A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "So, I tried a couple weeks ago to come to this restaurant and learned that you should have reservations on weekends.   Anyways, we did make reservations for my husband's birthday.   It was amazing and worth the wait.The ambiance/decor is my favorite for a restaurant.... industrial with wood and metal.  There is a very cool laser cut art on the wall that catches your eye as we walk in.    The menu is smallish (but expected for the type of restaurant), but there is still a decent amount of choices.   I got the chicken... because I feel like you should try the chicken when it is in the title.   It was far from dry with amazing BBQ sauce and hot sauce (which was great).   I also tried the mac and cheese (honestly, who can say no to Gouda mac and cheese) and collard greens.   My husband got the low country boil and said it was very good.   We also tried the hushpuppies and my husband got a drink.   The service was outstanding and the food came out perfectly timed.  This may be one of my favorite restaurants since moving to Cleveland."}, {"review_id": "46fRruXJjTUlWQh3LRXLfQ", "user_id": "tcuAExccpI7fAfHZeoaFpg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/16/2018", "text": "Came here for dinner on a night that we were visiting Cleveland. It was Saturday night and we only called ahead less than 30 min beforehand. They were more than accommodating to seat us. You get wonderfully fresh biscuits with both a jam or rosemary butter. We started off with the deviled eggs and hushpuppies. Both were great for sharing. I got the El Paso. You can get either a chicken breast, thigh or both. It comes over a massive salad of fresh romaine, black beans, tomato, corn, and avocado dressing. The chicken was cooked perfect. Nice and crispy but super juicy. My boyfriend got the bird in a bun. Amazing chicken sandwich, homemade pickles, just overall a great meal. Would come back anytime I'm in town. Also - our waitress, Amber was wonderful."}, {"review_id": "ouVXxnHP7ylcb5PltMrZHw", "user_id": "oTae-gLGMpNNFxcBn2D77A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "Fried chicken? Yes, please! A friend and I decided to hit up Soho Chicken + Whiskey on a Friday night. Parking was a bit difficult to find but we scored a spot right in front the restaurant. Winning! Online reservations are not a thing but they do take them by phone. Luckily, when we got there, we were able to get two spots at the bar. Before our dinner was served, we received complimentary biscuits with rosemary butter and apple jam. The sweet and savory worked well together. The biscuits were warm and inviting. They had a bit of crunch on the outside but fluffy on the inside. I had the Sunrise Chicken Dinner. You have a choice of a breast or thigh and I got both. The Sunrise is served with fried rice composed of rice, bacon, sausage, sweet potatoes, and peas. The dish is topped with a sunnyside egg. The chicken was brined, breaded, and deep fried just the way I like it! The meat was tender and juicy and the coating was crisp and tasty. The fried rice was well done and the sweet potatoes and peas added a bit of sweetness to contrast the bacon and sausage. I didn't need hot sauce for my chicken because the plate had sriracha on it which was the appropriate spice for the dish. Unfortunately, I overestimated my appetite and couldn't finish my food. I had it for breakfast the next day and it tasted great! The bartender provided great service, was conversational, and was quick with doing all the things! It was a great meal and I was glad I got to try it!"}, {"review_id": "kOmHqkyjKx5nC0pU5wwyHg", "user_id": "90PoKtkdZTyhHNI7q3i2EQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/17/2018", "text": "My friends had been talking about this restaurant for months. And to be honest I did not know if it was worth all of the hype. But, my friends were right SoHo is amazing. To begin with Soho provides you with a biscuit and a mixuture of their own jam and butter, both of which are excellent. Second, Soho has great chicken dishes. My favorite is the bird on the bun. What really makes this dish stand out is the pimento cheese. I would also suggest the pimento cheese appetizer, as well. Beyond the food, the staff is friendly and helpful even when the restaurant is busy. To be honest I cannot wait to go back."}, {"review_id": "xn3nQX7-usnH9VExiczV-g", "user_id": "qIygsTNe3Dbds0YWMMhE_A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/12/2018", "text": "The best chicken and waffles in Cleveland, hands down.My wife and I were craving chicken and waffles and went to Soho before a Saturday show at playhouse square. We were not disappointed. We got there right as the opened at 11am on a Saturday and they were packed within an hour. We sat at the bar and the bartender went above and beyond with how he took care of all his patrons, not just us. He immediately brought us some of the best biscuits I have had along  with rosemary butter I believe apple jam.  They put Bob Evans to shame. I could just eat the butter and jam by the spoonful. We started off with a couple of beers but also sampled a whiskey flight called bottled in bind. I am not a whiskey guy but with his descriptions and the drinks themselves I came away with a new appreciation for the stuff, and a solid buzz. We got the chicken and waffles (duh) and a side of maple bacon. I have no idea what they so to the syrup to make it so savory but it is to die for. I highly recommend their small batch hot sauce. They should sell it it is so good. The maple bacon is not a little 3 piece diner portion eother, they load you up with a hefty plate of bacon, medium cut, cooked to perfection and they don't skip the maple. I also saw several people order the deviled eggs and also the beignets and will definitely have to try them the next time we stop by for brunch.If you are familiar with the West 25th / Ohio city area, then you know parking is a first come first serve game onto itself.Like I said, best chicken and waffles in Cleveland."}, {"review_id": "WKqTs4mw_T1mlr6rCFTzJQ", "user_id": "cfTxSW4NRROkdZMiwqRhaA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/17/2018", "text": "Husband ordered Pollo Frita with a side of hush puppies - the hush puppies were delicious and his pollo frita was very good tooI ordered Hush Puppies and Gravy with a side of bacon - the bacon was amazing! Unfortunately, my meal came out cold and I had to send it back. When it came out the second time it was much better and had a nice taste. The coffee here was delicious (and we are tough on coffee) and so were the biscuits!!"}, {"review_id": "jLzkdIGDfbZVSfQGAyXOvw", "user_id": "Fj2TxzExnThgT5nRVWwFyg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/17/2018", "text": "BRUNCH was delish!!! I came here last year for the first time on 09 December 2017 and I seriously need to go back. I ordered the Chicken and Waffles and mimosa drink. YUM, YUM, Yuuuummmm. And oh, the biscuits and jam that they bring out to your table as a starter item is OUT OF THIS WORLD. Just soooooo delish. I just don't know how else to describe the food because I left feeling so satisfied. The chicken was literally melting off the bone and the waffles were sweet and perfect. DANG, now I really want to come her again tomorrow. Service is amazing too.SAY yes to this place people. Just say YES!! P.S. my friends and I got here around 11am and we were seated right away. I'm sure this spot probably gets packed on weekends because it was pretty full when we arrived so plan accordingly."}, {"review_id": "ZaUGnoeDFknhYLHiFmd1_A", "user_id": "VFt7qSSQ_7inZgrrITMNYQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/5/2018", "text": "This place was awesome!!  We started off with some hush puppies and cocktails. Their hush puppies are so good and the cocktails are strong!!  Next they brought out biscuits and jam.  Our waitress was awesome and was able to sub out meat in my meal with avocado.  We will be having many more bunches there!! Also make a reservation they fill up quick!!!"}, {"review_id": "scmSQkQPCnFmoz5KljVJbA", "user_id": "Nag61x7xZMRvVtXDw9ADjQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/22/2017", "text": "My favorite restaurant in Ohio City! I love the southern menu of Soho and the wonderful selection of dishes they have. It's a small restaurant, but patio seating makes it a bit better in warmer weather.The biscuits with jam and butter that you get as a starter is DAMN DELICIOUS. I have often just wanted to order more of them and just have that for dinner. The main chicken courses vary by the sides: the Mornin', for example, is chicken and waffles. The Evenin' is collard greens and Mac and cheese. The chicken is deliciously coated in a corn flake batter and fried to perfection.Service here is fast if you can get a table, but I would HIGHLY recommend making reservations if you plan to go later in the evening on a Friday or Saturday, or if you have a large group. Come to Soho for the best southern comfort food you can find in the city, and leave feeling happy and full!!"}, {"review_id": "HWWwdZwcjNbd7UDRZ9pb2A", "user_id": "32-X2sipxIYMevPyJshcGw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "Soho is officially my favorite restaurant in Cleveland.  Had brunch here twice and it was really good.  But went this past Wednesday for Chicken Pickin's and it was incredible.  They have an a la carte menu with some great selections for very reasonable prices.  I tried both mild fried chicken and the hot fried chicken breasts and they were among the best fried chicken I've ever had.  I had sides of asparagus and Mac n cheese and the portions were very generous.  The sides were great compliments to the fried chicken.  The biscuits that are served upon arrival might be the best part! Served with rosemary butter and jam.  I could eat an entire basket of just these.  The best part about Wednesday's at Soho is you can mix and match the a la carte menu with the Happy Hour menu.  The $5 whiskey sours are fantastic.  Can't wait to get back here ASAP"}, {"review_id": "0y-wiv-076zJW4xFXxi4mg", "user_id": "hlcHT9yysI-W7DBWMtAt9A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "The fried chicken is perfect- very crispy and the flavor of the coating is great. The bbq sauce on the side is just the right amount of sweet. The collard greens and mac and cheese that came with my dish (the \"Late Night\") were awesome as well. The pre-meal biscuits with jam and rosemary butter was 10/10. I really enjoyed being in a restaurant where the music also isn't loud and you don't have to shout over one another to have a conversation. Friendly and timely service to top it off. Overall, an excellent place, highly recommend!"}, {"review_id": "LYaehAmzn_RG5tyTxGdjYA", "user_id": "TrAnJWCaChe4F9rU8QGCNQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/15/2017", "text": "Yum! I caught dinner here with a friend of mine per his suggestion and I'm so glad this was his choice. When we arrived, he said, \"They have a small menu. They do one thing, fried chicken, and they do it well.\" This response from my vegetarian friend perplexed me, but he then explained they also do fried tofu. How awesome!He ordered the dinner fried tofu which came with mashed potato and veg. He offered me a bite of the fried tofu and it didn't disappoint. I ordered the late night which comes with collards and mac and cheese. I usually wouldn't order something with this pasta side, but I was feeling indulgent. Everything on my plate was astounding. The chicken was crispy, tender, and seasoned perfectly. The breading often separated from the meat, but it was still delicious. The bitterness of the collards paired well with the fatty, savory pork they are cooked with, and the mac and cheese was just as indulgent as I expected. I'm not sure the name of the pasta shape they used, but I liked how the cheese sauce coated it. There were lots of other things to commend: my bourbon cocktail was strong yet balanced, the biscuits they brought out before the meal had golden, crispy edges, and the beignets we shared for dessert were dreamy with the chocolate and raspberry sauces. This Isn't the type of food I would eat on a regular basis, but Soho is definitely on my list of places to check out again when I want some great fried chicken!"}, {"review_id": "VPvXNEv1aEAa5t8ksFPeMw", "user_id": "Rw6wf2GtSl-vzWSbYWePYA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/5/2017", "text": "What a great start to the day. We initially went to the Great Lakes brewing company and had a couple of free beers. We then traveled to Soho chicken and whiskey.We ordered the stuffed pig bloody Mary's which consisted of a bacon infused salt rim with the perfectly seasoned bloody Mary mix which included a pickled okra and a piece of Swiss cheese. On top you could add a beef jerky stick straw for two dollars in addition.My friend ordered the Del sol which was a fresh fruit breakfast margarita including blood orange and grape fruit flavorsIn addition, and they all gave us a house made breakfast biscuits with homemade jam and butter with scallionsWe ordered the chicken and waffles and the chicken fried pork salad. This all came out with a perfectly fried pork. With a side of three deviled eggs. Deviled eggs we had pieces of pickled carrots with them. That's all consisted of fresh cut corn sweetcorn.  Side of bacon bits with maple syrup, pieces of avocado on top sprinkle the paprika. The pork cutlet complemented the salad well and the textures and flavors were exceptional.The chicken and waffles or delicately plated. The chicken was well Brined for the most part. The piece that I had was a bit on the dry am. However, the nice Thyme flavor to the chicken gave it a little sense of Thanksgiving.In addition the outside patio was a nice complement to the wonderful weather we're having today. The bar has a TV and it also is open up through the patio. Will be a great place for a nice brunch and gathering for friends and family. Highly recommend someone check this place out. I would have given a four a half stars, but yelp doesn't have halfs.A little hidden gem in Ohio city that is right in the brew districts next to market Garden brewery."}, {"review_id": "M2R6DEqvhGJn9eztVOt0dg", "user_id": "eRIpOn5NMhXwUiH5zAYvJg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/13/2018", "text": "This place lives up to its Yelp hype!! The fried chicken is perfectly crispy without being drenched in grease, the Mac and cheese is phenomenal, and the drinks were good as well. The complementary biscuits come with apple butter and rosemary jam and are a welcome addition. The only thing I would change about this place is the hours. They're never open for lunch, only brunch and dinner. I've been trying to go for years and today was the first day it worked out."}, {"review_id": "XqQjds9IDvgKYPQPFj8-2Q", "user_id": "G51mTQLKeW3MYlRH9JxgtQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "8/28/2017", "text": "Soho is a charming spot for a great meal!I went on a Sunday for brunch and ended up waiting a bit for the doors to open as we arrived a little before their 11AM opening time. I didn't mind as we were quickly seated on a small, but beautiful patio with a view of Mitchell's Ice Cream.We were quick to order and even having just opened, our coffee and complimentary and completely unexpected biscuits came. This is such a delightful little addition as it kept us quite content before our meal even though our food came relatively quickly! They also aren't just the run of the mill biscuits, but were good enough that I might have mistook them for something I would order a la carte. We ordered the steak and eggs as well as the chicken + waffle. I've included the pictures so you can see they were plated beautifully and I will say the steak and eggs are divine. I was fairly happy with my chicken and waffle as it includes both a breast and thigh (light and dark meat) and was portioned appropriately - I sometimes feel a full waffle and two types of chicken is just far too much food for a single sitting. Service was fantastic and I fully intend on returning during a day when I can booze a bit more as that was one thing I wish I would have done after this initial meal. Bottom line, great service, excellent food, and good ambiance makes this place a keeper in my book and place I will likely return."}, {"review_id": "xBuZMZXGhWle2mitlOaoZw", "user_id": "yBDKWxJTnwBdbl8Yma8qqg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/30/2017", "text": "This place is a long narrow dining room inside with a patio next to Mitchell's ice cream shop. Menu is a modern upscale take on Southern food and my gin fizz was fantastic. Just what I wanted to go with my big plate of Chicken-Fried Pork Salad. And what a brunch salad it is - three beautiful deviled eggs on the side, plentiful fresh greens tossed with tomato and avocado, and a crunchy juicy pork cutlet underneath everything. Om nom nom. Brunch also came with perfect complimentary biscuits served with fruit compote and rosemary butter. After you stuff yourself, you get to walk it off browsing the discount book store on the same street."}, {"review_id": "bq71EVpyJIAvJOLc4hZGHw", "user_id": "TeL9sdZFXm-Yrx8LY4wrlA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/16/2018", "text": "Wow! Chicken the way you want it. All bomb diggity!!! Evening and morning are solid. Prob best to pair with whiskey from the expansive menu. If you like fried chicken and bourbons whiskey get the f in there!"}, {"review_id": "Qd3bo_FgxcculpZTmfvRdQ", "user_id": "ji76ZP3X7OIQlx2MvN1tWg", "rating": 2.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Chicken asparagus and mashed potatoes. Just OK.  Nothing to rave about honestly. The devil eggs were good tho! It's always some sort of pepper confetti when they present there apps, it doesn't do anything but piss me off! It's so amateur looking. No where I'd go again for dinner.  Drinks maybe dinner no..."}, {"review_id": "asnR0W3RJ1XQrd9tbP9vQg", "user_id": "VKP1tppEwu9m4JUmubRCFQ", "rating": 2.0, "date": "1/16/2018", "text": "Came in on a Friday night for dinner.  Had my mind made up before we arrived that I was going to have the chicken and waffles.  When I read the description on the menu, I saw the waffles had rosemary in them.  Not a big fan of the flowery herb, so I asked if I could get the waffles without rosemary.  Was told it's in the batter, so no, but the waitress said when I douse them in syrup, I won't taste the rosemary.So I took her word for it.  And she was wrong.  Not only did the taste of rosemary permeate the flavors of the waffle, but the waffle was extremely dry.  I think it was made out of corn meal.  Kinda like eating sand.  All gritty and dry and flowery.  It came on the plate in 4 sections.  I only ate one.  The chicken was ok, but nothing to brag about.  Would have been nice if they had a Nashville hot chicken option, but they don't.  One little bitty breast.  The waitress came by several times, but never asked how I liked the waffles.  She later cleared the tables, including 3/4 of the uneaten waffle and again said nothing.  Maybe she was ashamed?  Or maybe just inept.  My guess is she works at an Apple store during the day and this is her second job, where she fine tunes her ineptness for her day job.The other 2 dishes that came to the table included chicken, mashed and asparagus, as well as a chicken salad.  Both looked good and the girls each said they enjoyed their dinners.  Moves this review from 1 star to 2..."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/soho-chicken-whiskey-cleveland?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]