[[{"review_id": "fZ7LqF9CMLKo_Oy9L3XWtg", "user_id": "QZDd8y4Q8etgSgOUV9GSPg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "Met here with some friends for drinks, food, and discussion. It was great. We were there for over 5 hours and spent the first couple chatting and having a couple drinks. Usually I'm hit or miss on drinks I order but I loved everything I had. The Clear Sky was light and refreshing - it had a slight taste of honey to it, but without being sweet. We also enjoyed the Dire Wolf, Hefeweizen, and the Stone Temple.We also split the Seacuterie, poutine, and chicken drumsticks appetizers. They were all very good, and we later ordered more of the drumsticks.The service was excellent. Our servers realized we were there to relax and talk for a while - they kept our waters full and continued to check in on us without being intrusive. It was a great place to talk as well. It's a nice environment and was pretty quiet (it was midday on a weekday)."}, {"review_id": "utl9Ie49PpjJdIQTqI9y1Q", "user_id": "3xIZdXe0ZJSLnckt11pH6w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "As previously yelpers have noted, this listing encompasses two very different dining establishments within Wolf's Ridge Brewing. I didn't read the reviews very thoroughly and ended up in the dining room instead of the taproom as expected, but we decided to stay just for the aesthetic. The ambiance is trendy-casual, and the decor really lends itself to that vibe: a plant wall, really nice white brick that I resisted taking photos in front of, beautiful wood accents, and really cool lighting. The dining is nice and bright which is great for food photography. Of course, it IS a brewery so it gets quite loud and the noise does echo a bit but I didn't have a problem hearing my neighbor's conversation (the wall-side tables are pretty close together). The food was pretty good!! I ordered the duck, which comes beautifully plated atop edamame, cashews, and cashew-turnip purée (not mashed potatoes as my inner university student was hoping). It was topped with edible flowers, which was a nice touch especially considering my 48-hour food network binge which I am still recovering from. It tasted pretty good - the duck wasn't as tender as I was hoping, but the elements of the dish really complemented each other. I tried some of my boyfriend's chicken and whew - a little salty, but extremely tender and juicy. I'll probably get that the next time! The reasons for the 4/5 instead of 5/5 is because the price was a little high for the overall experience, the beer was just okay, and the people next to us got a really smelly fish plate that we could not escape (the tables are a litttttle too close together). Overall, it was a really nice date night for a couple of foodies."}, {"review_id": "-iIV7Ac6Ss9RaLezQm1hdw", "user_id": "6htJdLWCtWZ-gtezKz3dBw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/19/2018", "text": "Not a lot of places can get five stars, but this place deserves six! We ordered small plates to start, Spinach Gnocchi and the Bruschetta (?). They were both beautiful and extremely flavorful. The gnocchi stood out because it was full of textures and balance. Then we had main plates, the Duck and a Steak. Cooked to perfection, both of them! With beautiful balance of flavors, these plates were remarkable. I highly recommend the Panna Cotta for desert. It is a vanilla pana cotta with subtle grapefruit bursts of flavor. The service was friendly, professional, and made great recommendations regarding the beer, which were all great choices. I would travel across the world to get to eat here again."}, {"review_id": "ecCR429eCh25g1yOYxY6GA", "user_id": "Hnkw_-DPYVMnG2d1G5PbnQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/13/2018", "text": "Wolf's Ridge Brewing actually has 2 entirely separate venues at this location-- The Dining Room and The Taproom. First, I would like to point out that Yelp is doing Wolf's Ridge a great disservice by lumping these two venues together under one listing because the Dining Room and the Taproom are VERY different.The Dining Room: Upscale dining with entrees in the $20~$35/plate range. Reservations available on OpenTable. The Taproom: Pub fare with entrees in the $15/plate range. Bench seating. Reservations NOT available. Occasionally closed for private events. Even though they share the same building, the Dining Room and the Taproom do not share the same phone number. It's questionable whether they even communicate with each other. We found this out the hard way one day when my wife called ahead to confirm that the Taproom is open, and was told that they are (by who it turned out to be the hostess at the Dining Room). We drove all the way downtown... and lo and behold, the Taproom was closed for an event. The Taproom website does have a list of private event closings, so you'd be better served checking online than by calling.Also, even though they share the same building, the Dining Room and the Taproom do not share a kitchen. So you can't sit in the Dining Room and order from the Taproom menu. So another time when I made reservation for the Dining Room on OpenTable but my wife ended up looking at the Taproom menu online instead and found a dish that she really wanted to try... well the Dining Room wouldn't let us order that Taproom dish, so we ended up having to go to the Taproom instead. SO CONFUSING!Otherwise though, we love their food and their beer. I just wish the Taproom and the Dining Room can be listed separately so that I can give them appropriate, separate reviews."}, {"review_id": "s7EZ1faaQDt2vKmhmiUjeQ", "user_id": "e3dB20TG6xCoxXQdmq_VFw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/6/2018", "text": "Very trendy urban meets French style cuisine eatery. Came here last night and loved everything we ate. The flavors all came together nicely. Next time I come I'll do the chefs tasting menu which is $60/person and comes with entrees and dessert. I had a few flights and the only beer that I really fancied was the Night Method. The only thing wrong about last night was the seating. I booked a reservation, came on time but was seated at this long table. Which was okay at first until they seated patrons right next to us at the same table when there were a million open tables. I felt like I was bumping elbows and I couldn't enjoy myself. I guess I didn't see a point with all the open small tables and it wasn't even busy lol. I probably won't come back with the intention of having an intimate date but rather a group of friends. But I definitely will be back because of the good food."}, {"review_id": "x1OD1NY5v1kj_NRP-wkMvw", "user_id": "nA_jtJ2xxbOpzNfPiwB7Qw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/14/2018", "text": "Delicious brunch, I am very impressed, this place lived up to the hype  at brunch with my Mom before Phantom of the Opera. The Apple donuts were spectacular, & my Toad in a Hole eggs were great. Need to come back.  Also, the vertical garden they have going on is really beautiful & unique, which is something warm in this tiresome Columbus climate of white, austere, cement hipster decor."}, {"review_id": "gpIzb4qjncMLscXooNe5Cg", "user_id": "K60iAcZXsiv_vjSiQAIJJg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/1/2018", "text": "FINALLY got around to trying this place since it opened and it was well worth it! The atmosphere is bright and open, with long tables that would be perfect for a larger party if they allow it. I also love the earthy feel, with real plants lining the top of the wall as a focal point. Our meals were delicious- I ordered the grilled duck sandwich because I can never resist duck on a menu! The side salad option was light and paired well, but I prefer a mixed green selection over arugula. The service was also wonderful, with all of the staff being very polite and attentive.  As I've already recommended this place to a few friends for a fresh lunch or brunch, I look forward to visiting again soon!"}, {"review_id": "2EJJnMYKtG-a4LmK2xynoQ", "user_id": "oIY4DR9xqAok3PJJwVnXDw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/13/2018", "text": "Lots of great reviews, so here's what you need to know:1. Industrial styled space with bench seating - gets chilly here in the winter, but perfectly pub/beer garten seating arrangement. It's downtown, so mostly paid surface lots or metered parking. Maybe carpool or rideshare, or at least leave a few extra minutes to find a space. 2. Side door for the taproom is off of Hickory St. Restaurant entrance is on Fourth St. If you aren't looking for a full restaurant experience, the taproom is the best bet - more shareable items, sandwiches, and a happy hour from 3 - 7PM. Check online if they are having any private events in the taproom before you head out. The restaurant does dynamite brunch! I'm too cheap to pay for the dinner prices, but the food here is delicious. Fancy but not overwhelmingly so, and also ingredients I can actually pronounce. A bit rich for my blood, but great for a special occasion. Make a reservation.3. BEER. Seriously one of the best breweries in Columbus. There isn't a beer here that I've tried that I haven't liked. They have found a way to create beers with inventive complimentary flavors/accents that don't completely overwhelm the fact that the brew itself is solid. Case in point - Clear Sky, which is a smooth and easy drinking cream ale that is good as-is, but INSANE when used with other flavor profiles. I've had a key lime version, an orange version, and their Daybreak (coffee and vanilla) is probably my favorite beer. Like, ever. You will definitely find something here to like. Get a flight and try 'em all! Amazing beer, delicious food, hip location."}, {"review_id": "n2y_hpMXD4KNCpdpfRTpzg", "user_id": "9zoDnOWnu3rYXsJ067nSRw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/16/2018", "text": "This review is purely for the tap room. For people new to Wolf's Ridge, there's a restaurant, but past that and past the kitchen, you'll find a tap room. The restaurant is a bit pricey at $20-$30 a dish, so I usually stick to the beer. On this, they never disappoint. We sat at the bar, each got a flight, and enjoyed thoroughly. The bar tender was super friendly and even went to the back to find a couple last bottles of their cinnamon toast brunch beer. Weird sounding I know, but oh so good. I love their clear sky beer, and they're always trying different infusions."}, {"review_id": "WWMLZnawW0zUwW2GnBmA6g", "user_id": "Gi6Wq9DrTrNFjh2ZtTE59A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/12/2018", "text": "I enjoyed mimosas and brunch with my friend at Wolf's Ridge Brewing this past Saturday [wrote this review months ago, and just now sharing].Made a reservation at 10:30 am just in case, but when we arrived, the restaurant didn't seem as busy as I've seen in the past.  Previously, I was only able to order off of the menu available in the tap room when I showed up with a larger party without reservations; so I'm glad I finally go to try the brunch menu!  I ordered the Buffalo Pork Belly which did not disappoint.  The bold flavors blended together perfectly.  Did I mention that I'm obsessed with the long tables?  The friendliness of the staff was also a plus and I plan to be back for more brunching soon."}, {"review_id": "JWRm6Y0NwUNdLS9xeqMobQ", "user_id": "_6T7LO81WegvdUqzCMvtBQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/17/2018", "text": "Floored. Everything from the goat cheese appetizer to the insane amount of who put steroids in these mussels to the beer crafted here is nothing short of great. We went to Wolf's Ridge expecting a good, thought not exceptional dinner and boy were we wrong. This restaurant serves top-tier brews and incomparable food in Columbus. Thinking about stopping by? Don't. Just go."}, {"review_id": "JKHRSDSSOQEyv66drA4pVw", "user_id": "B_ca1jsyAeW_u9v9PWguPQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/16/2018", "text": "I came here for lunch not too long ago as I work just a few blocks over and wanted to get some fresh air and try something new. I would like to echo a few comments and point out that Wolf's Ridge Brewing is the brand and that the beer they distribute is in fact brewed (and of course served) here, the restaurant is an entirely different room/venue/section that is simply on the same property as the tap room, meaning this centralized review will pick up the best (and worst) parts of both locations, which will not be reflected in your visit. I speak strictly of the restaurant  in this review, and will immediately state that the decor and food are great. The design and decorations of the dining room are very aesthetically pleasing and quite modern, and draws a slightly younger, professional crowd. The lunch menu had  a variety of selections, but at the same time was not an overdone restaurant map of every possible concoction they could create in the kitchen, just a handful of highly recommended dishes. I hadn't had their beer in the past, and of course had not had their food prior to my first visit, but was pleasantly surprised by the portions and flavor of the food. I had pork tacos and fries, and they were dressed and seasoned well to bring out the flavors of quality ingredients and competent cooks. My only gripe with this location is the waiting time. I came with a large group of coworkers, and even while the establishment was mostly empty, I still had to wait some portion of time before a hostess came around to collect us and get us settled in. Then a server took their time getting around to our table and collecting drink orders and left before we were able to order our food and added an extra delay. Of course, I understand servers and cooks are busy and simply need time to prepare accommodations, however the wait we experienced was just a little too long for how empty the restaurant was. Waiting for our checks made many of us late, and those who needed to box up some leftovers came in the work in a separate group because of the additional time to retrieve the boxes from the back. Even though I  walked in, I can still speak about the parking situation. There will usually be parking found on Fourth Street or the alleys around the establishment, as well as a surface lot across the street.The food and drink are great, the decor is fantastic, the time is just such a limiting factor I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone not looking for a relaxed dinner or a day-off dine-in."}, {"review_id": "JUfEgAsK_0lMOuEvB5-j6g", "user_id": "vLPnQDSSj18al51PJLnofA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/5/2018", "text": "The food and atmosphere are better than my score. Every time I spoke with the bartender, she was looking over my head. I did not feel there was any connection.There are 2 entrances. The street entrance goes into the restaurant and the alley entrance goes directly to the bar/beer hall.This is a craft brewery. There were around 30 beers on tap in different styles/flavors. I tried several and could spend an afternoon trying more. Flights are a great way to accomplish tastings here and the servers can recommend a preferred drinking order. Enjoy.The menu is progressive, well beyond simple burger and fries bar menus. I had the duck melt and enjoyed it. Food is presented as well as any restaurant does and you will want to finish every bite. If you come as a group, there are several appetizers that can be shared. The menu also had recommendations for beer pairings."}, {"review_id": "qntpyEW7e2XQhGDvQFz1IQ", "user_id": "pAHSCvnBqd5K9HRJudg6Mg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/4/2018", "text": "I really wanted to give this place a 5 stars, it went down to a 3 but the waitress came back with a final 4.Came to town for the Arnold and came to try this place out for some drinks. The restaurant was closed so we headed back to the taproom for some drinks. As I was hearing back there I noticed a s'mores dessert but I guess I missed the kitchen by about 5 minutes. Tyler was our bartender and he was absolutely great! He was friendly, attentive and helpful. Stephanie also helped near the end and she was great as well. He suggested that we come back the next day for brunch and dessert. So we did. Sunday morning, we were finishing up at the Arnold before our flight. We were only .2 miles away (3 minute Uber drive) fromThe brewery, so I decided to call and make sure this dessert was still being served. I asked about the wait, I was told a 40 minute wait for 2 people, that the bar looked full but I could go to the taproom for lunch but not brunch. I thought worse case I can just order it to go. I decided to go on open table app and was able to immediately make a reservation a for 7 minutes later. That definitely rubbed me the wrong way. We arrived within minutes and noticed 3 open tables and quite a few spots at the community table. We were then seated right as we walked in the door, with no greeting at our table. About 5 minutes goes by and a group of 4 is sat at the table next to us,  who were immediately greeted and served water. The same waitress came by and gave us what water was left and said oh looks like you haven't been greeted yet; and we informed her that we had been here quite some time before that table. By then we were ready to order as we had to make our flight. I think the waitress could tell that we were pretty put off by the service and she comped our desert in an attempt to make things right. I really did appreciate that and thought that was nice of her. Our food was absolutely amazing. We ordered the Cuban Benedict, unlike anything I have ever tasted. It was so savory and satisfying. We also opted for the S'mores trifle which was heaven for your mouth. Every thing about this dessert was delicious. I was bummed to hear it was going off the menu because I would have came back for this dessert next time I'm in Ohio."}, {"review_id": "uzRLp863F9iSI9tJQc-mIQ", "user_id": "77Ubarodx2jut5uHLAWnow", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/22/2018", "text": "Wolf's Ridge hits the mark in a couple of different areas.Brunch - This has long been my favorite brunch place in Columbus and that sentiment is clearly wide-spread given how hard it is to get a table now! The menu is wide-spread ranging from donuts to steak and eggs. The brunch drinks are great, the Bloody Maria is a favorite of mine.Happy Hour - The back space of Wolf's Ridge is an awesome spot to grab some happy hour beers and snacks. There are large doors that open up in the summer time so you can enjoy the weather. Decent discounts on beer from 4-7.Dinner - Fantastic entrees and appetizers. Very expensive prices for what you would expect from a brewery but the quality is fantastic."}, {"review_id": "IrWKy-lgvrt2coMgpQ3THg", "user_id": "xGo7b8xjxLA1wk-nPfzmsg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/31/2018", "text": "My favorite spot for brunch in the city. Their Bloody Maria is killer!! I sometimes ask them to make one when I visit for dinner :) The scotch in it makes all the difference and I don't even like scotch!Menu changes with the seasons which I enjoy. Whether for brunch or dinner I've never had anything I haven't enjoyed. The only drawback for me is the ambience -  it gets super loud when full and it's mostly communal seating even with reservations."}, {"review_id": "O4hkya0zQBwk8olVXyiCbg", "user_id": "KrWOXlZyh0CB1123PxcrPg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/23/2018", "text": "If you have read any of my previous reviews. You will observe that I am a stickler for customer service. The times I have gone to Wolf's Ridge Brewing. I had to wait a pretty long while before anyone came to check on me and when they did they didn't have the happiest of dispositions either. I will however say that when I go here. I do so for the steak and fingerling potatoes. Some of the best that I have had in the city thus far. The environment is pretty amazing. Even though I don't drink alcohol, it's pretty cool to see them as they prepare to make the beer as well as have the process explained to you. Definitely a place to go for a date. Just make sure you have saved up your money accordingly because this place can be a bit pricey."}, {"review_id": "CCgrM8QJkVr6SrTxOvOnNA", "user_id": "T5KBc5QbwZ-Oj9ApE4vZJA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/24/2017", "text": "I really liked the beer here!  There were so many options - there is a taproom menu and a growler (to-go) menu that was different.  To try a to-go beer, you can buy it but have to pay a corkage fee to drink it inside.  I opted for a taster set - there were 3 or 5.  I had to try 5:Clear Sky: cream aleBeyond Measure: Belgian witbierRidge Trail: pale aleL'abondance: saisonEarthrise East: IPA infused with basil, lemongrass, and chiliI was pleasantly surprised with all of them.  I really enjoyed them but thought the Ridge Trail was my least favorite.  I asked the server how to buy the beer outside of the brewery - she said it is only in an 80 mile radius of Columbus.  That was a bummer!  I would definitely have been a repeat customer but I will have to return to Ohio for more.  My favorite of the five is the Clear Sky..it was nutty, refreshing, and easy to drink.Eric R. had the Octoberfest which he really enjoyed - he likes nutty and malty so it was a good fit for his tastes.  We did not try the food but it looked good!"}, {"review_id": "pxOx0bMhOlf-EM4eLipM6A", "user_id": "-OnlG_cVLxqUS_2_gCYqhA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/8/2018", "text": "My husband and I were making our way from the West Coast to the East Coast and ended up staying in Ohio for the night. We were famished and wanted to get a quick bite close to our hotel. We stopped by Wolf's Ridge Brewing. Upon entering, we were not greeted and we had to randomly go up to someone in hopes that they actually worked there and weren't customers themselves. Luckily, our first guess was correct and we were told we could sit anywhere so we chose the bar. The woman working behind the bar didn't really seem to want to be there and the only time I really saw her smile was when she was talking to her coworkers. Honestly, it's not that big of a deal to me so long as you can get us what we want in a reasonable time, but I know this would be an issue for others. My husband ordered a flight and picked a few different beers. He enjoyed those. For dinner, he got the Fried Chicken Sandwich and I got a Duck Sandwich. The chicken and duck were both on the dry side. However, the flavors of the duck sandwich was really good so it helped alleviate the overcooking of the meat. The fries were ok, a bit too overcooked for me. However, if you're just looking for a place to get a quick bite to eat and don't care about friendly service, then this is an ok place to go."}, {"review_id": "avc0DjqzL9oHYEaEtAq0GA", "user_id": "91O4Op7ODtNms4vCdmp1kQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/1/2018", "text": "A very hipster brewery in the heart of downtown Columbus. My boyfriend and I traveled to Columbus for a concert and made reservations here with the intentions of eating dinner before the concert. Previously looking at other Yelp reviews this seemed like a brewery that offered some pub style food such as sandwiches, appetizers, or tacos. However, upon sitting down and being greeted with a menu we were told the menu had changed for the spring just this week and it was all new items. The new items did not include any sandwiches or this sort of food style. Instead it was large dishes averaging from $15-30 a plate. It was not pub style food at all. This lead us to only order a flight of beer and decide to look elsewhere for some more affordable, lighter fare. The beers we had all sampled were very delicious- especially the vanilla coffee beer I tasted. However once telling our waitress that we had only wanted a flight she seemed to stop paying any attention towards us. It took quite awhile to track her down for our check. If I'm ever back in Columbus I would for sure stop back for beer but enjoy some food elsewhere!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/wolfs-ridge-brewing-columbus?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]