[[{"review_id": "J5wSmEusZUrXvcsnGF1lhA", "user_id": "yaXV3MdlG5TezkCq8RXHIw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "Nestled in the lower level of the arcade (below the Hyatt entrance), this coffee shop is easily passable (but really you shouldn't). They have awesome specialty lattes. We got the spring latte (black sesame, activated charcoal) and the cardamom latte. Both were exceptional in flavor. I would say they both could be made a tad hotter (temperature) but that wouldn't stop me from coming back."}, {"review_id": "3cUlY5cbZedMhj92OWis1Q", "user_id": "w5aFZ5SxEg4Hl3cd8PlARA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "I was downtown earlier this week and decided to try a new coffee shop. I love going to Ohio city so I decided to chose rising star. I have heard nothing but good things.It's located in a small room of an old building. There is limited sitting in such a small area. I kinda felt claustrophobic. Sitting right on top of the person next to me. They could probably smell the sharpie markers I was using to color! It is cute and nice decor. There are picnic tables outside but you know Ohio weather...it was too cold...Upon walking in I spotted the dessert case. Yum everything looked good. I was curious about the flourless brownie. I took control of myself and ordered what was the main reason I was there...coffee. Expresso beans are roasted on site. The smell upon walking in was glorious! After scanning the menu on the wall, I went with the promised land latte. Sound interesting and was oh so delicious. It was sweet but that's right up my alley. I need sweet with my expresso otherwise it's not enjoyable to me. This had expresso cinnamon honey and I substituted almond milk for whole milk. Tasteeeee. I was sipping dessert for the day. I just wish it was bigger or cheaper so I could grab another one. Well worth it though. I'm the type that likes to hangout at coffee shops and relax and enjoy my coffee. I sat down and started coloring. A big hobby of mine. No one seemed to care even though it was sharpies. The smell can be a lil intense. But I imagine the smell of the freshly roasted coffee covered it up. There is a small one person bathroom in the back, near the office and supply room. You might want more bathrooms but eh. Overall I would recommend. I plan to come back and try other delicious drinks. I would like to bring my sister here she would love it. Thanks Rising Star for the fabulous coffee!!"}, {"review_id": "fvUwn5CeQsX3cDl_hdl7rQ", "user_id": "NlNlyQynkyEU3l7TR3LXdg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "Rising Star, you rock my socks and put the wind in my sails. This was the setting for our March 2018 Latte, Laughs and Games Coffee Shop Club. After reading all these amazing reviews, I just had to pick this place! I mean, who can turn down a coffee shop with almost 5 stars? NOT THIS COFFEE FANATIC!Set in an iconic and historic old firehouse, this coffee shop is bulging with character. The organic wood and metal elements and the immense amount of natural light were amazeballs with extra sauce. I love the garage door they have here! I will be so excited to come back in the warmer months to enjoy it while it is open! The staff here is SUPER friendly and helpful. Seriously, some of the best baristas this side of the Olentangy. Started my evening off with a dark roast pour over. Dude! DUDE! DUUUUDDDEEEE! This place knows how to do pour over the RIGHT way. Watching them was like watching a magician show his hand. They did a fantastic job and my pour over was perfect.For the next act, I had to try this Cardamom Bomb everyone was raving about. Almost every review I read mentioned it. SWEET BABY JESUS, no wonder! This drink was flavorful, slightly sweet and very creamy. I loved the spice flavor it had and to top it off, it was beautiful poured!Last on my list (now that I am completely wired from caffeine) was the Promised Land Latte. WOWZA, this baby was good. A little more on the sweet side. Sort of reminded me of a drink I would want in place of pumpkin pie. It had a fantastic flavor!The ONLY reason I did not give this 5 stars would be:1) There is one, single stall bathroom. 2) The seating here is not at all comfortable. The stools have no comfortable place for your feet and the backs on them are horrible.3) It was hotter than Satan's ballsack in here. We all sat and sweat. One of our members resorted to putting ice down her shirt to keep cool.I will DEFINITELY be back! YOU ROCK Rising Star!"}, {"review_id": "01D1I9sTfIbF8zBTL6-wPg", "user_id": "cPQ3FCUt4-BxPGu-K2uGUQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/2/2018", "text": "Honestly, this place was so darn close to a five star rating. With excellent customer service, fantastic drink choices - both coffee and tea - and a very chill atmosphere, I honestly feel bad giving it four. Sadly, the horrendously uncomfortable seating, as well as the stifling temperatures (cmon man we're drinking coffee) made it almost unbearable to sit for a long period of time. My group and I ended up standing up for the better half of our meet-up because the barstools had nowhere to put your feet, absolutely no cushioning, and some of them didn't even have backs!Luckily, redeeming qualities such as wonderful baristas, delicious drinks, and the awesome placement of the building makes it all worth while! While I am not necessarily the biggest coffee drinker, my GOD I would gladly go back to get the wonderful drinks I had there. The Cardamom Bomb is as good as everyone says! A nice, spicy flavor with almost a pumpkin spice after taste! A definite recommendation if you're into coffee shop spaces and EXCELLENT coffee! A must taste for Cleveland!"}, {"review_id": "qzNdC1aB7CTlv9GpQQ2xBg", "user_id": "QPigOkWNli4FA9MwhU4_ig", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/12/2018", "text": "I walked into the rising star because I needed coffee and it smelt good from the outside. The staff had a playlist filled with songs from the 90's and when you walk into a place that is playing Mariah Carey - Fantasy you can't help but think today is going to be a good day. The barristers were having fun which is always a good thing to see when you walk into a coffee shop. Come for the coffee, stay for the music."}, {"review_id": "Gb4z-HLsPC7IM4vL3NSKog", "user_id": "yVkJLz-ydcZ9kzELkRo9yw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "Rising star coffee has the chill atmosphere everyone is looking for in a coffee shop. I love how their espresso drinks come with milk art because it shows that they truly care about the coffee they serve. I love the wooden platter they serve your beverage on along with a shot glass of sparkling water. They have music playing but it isn't too noisy so it's good if you need a place to be productive but you can't sit in silence. The staff are friendly and service is quick. They have interesting lattes like the vanilla sesame latte I got. That was their special and it was delicious. However I am disappointed that they had limited selection. Originally I wanted  a hazelnut latte but they didn't have hazelnut. I just thought it was odd because hazelnut is a common flavor coffee shops have. So I wouldn't recommend it here if you are used to having a usual specialty drink. However it is a good place to try something new!"}, {"review_id": "CWp2zZ9T1QTRvBZdeZ-8dg", "user_id": "TdsHdUNMbN7mlP7PoHBjNw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/4/2018", "text": "Great coffee! Neat little coffee shop right in down town! Luckily it opens early for those of us who need our fix ASAP. Friendly staff. Tasty Blueberry muffins. Just an all around solid place, nothing fancy."}, {"review_id": "SENlcFdcHhC56EheIoj-Qg", "user_id": "HHPK9Ldem6Wy1NyvrPtN2Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/4/2018", "text": "Loved visiting this local coffee shop from out of town. I usually stick to cappuccinos or flat whites but I decided to try the cardamom bomb and it was amazing!! We went back again for another. I will be having withdrawals."}, {"review_id": "RFrGwZGFQWdDBZryp92SfQ", "user_id": "bIwGofeVG42Rjny055jQsA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/22/2018", "text": "Located in a rustic but modern style remodeled fire house; the aesthetic is quite alluring for morning work hours, afternoon dates, and relaxing evening wind-downs. In the end, coffee is the deciding factor in the worth of any cafe. Excluding their privately roasted collection, this is the general rating-Pourover: 8/10Espresso: 7/10Drip: 8/10Latte: 7/10Concerning the roasts, they deserve ten out of ten. I encourage you to buy their Brazilian and take it home for your morning cup tomorrow. Way to go Rising Star, you killed it!"}, {"review_id": "j-DuSdnG-V0gOs1KjJ4F8w", "user_id": "rkq053H_8GAzjqq6WPpHmQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/1/2018", "text": "The set up of this coffee shop is phenomenal! It's in the bottom of an old fire house. The staff is friendly and I'm always impressed with my mocha. The food is fresh and I'm always satisfied with my order."}, {"review_id": "ulF48MycHVX20bkVzvOjtA", "user_id": "AxUmbVeOOSPUOvwXq2DvRQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "6/8/2017", "text": "On our last visit to Cleveland, my Uncle and I were looking for a place to grab a cup o' Joe. Originally we thought Panera Bread, but my fiancée suggested that we branch out a bit and try Rising Star. I am so glad for her recommendation!The first thing that struck me was the outside of the location. The roaster is located inside an old fire station. I'm a big fan of repurposing old buildings rather than destroying them. We were fortunate enough to grab a spot right in front of the building. I didn't notice any parking lot, so on a busy day, plan on parking a block or so away. We walked into the shop and were immediately greeted by the wonderful smell of coffee. The shop itself has limited seating, but with fortune on our side, we grabbed a seat against the back wall. Trusting my fellow Yelpers, I ordered the Cardamom Bomb coffee for each of us. It is made with a double shot of espresso, cardamom (which is a spice that I was unfamiliar with until this drink), brown sugar, and steamed milk. Listen: I am not a fancy coffee drinker. I like my coffee strait from the pot, but this... I need more of this in my life! Just enough sweet and froth and bitter. It is probably good I haven't found a coffee joint like this in NC, because I would certainly spend too much money on Cardamom Bombs! I can't speak for their other locations, but this Rising Star is worth a visit.Do it now!"}, {"review_id": "PUtvF-itlyGzQEKdIbVb1A", "user_id": "THOWePR26FzKR4CfAAgUHQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/18/2017", "text": "What can I say that hasn't already been said about Rising Star? There are a number of coffee shops popping up in and around Ohio City and Tremont, but Rising Star is definitely my favorite. It's a great little shop in the former Cleveland Fire Department Station 4 fire house on W. 29th; complete with pole!While there is a decent amount of room to have an informal business meeting, with plenty of hipsters hanging around, not to mention their great coffee, the real reason that I like Rising Star so much is their staff are not pretentious \"Coffee Snobs.\" It's ok if you don't know what a cortado is, or what an affogato is, or what single origin espresso is, they'll help you through it. The staff are approachable and eager to share their wealth of knowledge within their craft with you. Let me warn you, however; once you get started on Rising Star, Starbucks will have no place in your world ever again. You haven't had coffee in Cleveland until you've had Rising Star."}, {"review_id": "n1sWOOirqmqHeLrN6d3mUw", "user_id": "FadewNTxVINfAxou0FoAyg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/12/2017", "text": "I love this place, it's great to come here and do some work while drinking a cup of coffee. It's also a great place to meet with friends!The DrinksThis is definitely a coffee place. They may offer some tea choices but I don't see it on the menu itself. I highly recommend their Promised Land Latte - it comes with honey and cinnamon and the combination of everything is amazing. I've always had it cold but I'm excited to try it hot when the months finally get colder. The Cardamom Bomb is also pretty good (also only ever had it iced) and it comes with, who would've guessed, cardamom as well as brown sugar. I got their mocha today, hot because it's finally getting colder. It's not too sweet and doesn't have that powdery taste or feeling (like Starbucks tends to do - just don't get mochas at Starbucks...). It's not my favorite of their drinks but it's not too bad. I can't vouch for the black coffees or the grinds because I don't drink coffee like an adult (bring on all the milk and sweetener) but the choice of grinds seems to be extensive so you'll probably find something that'll suit your taste.They also have various milk options, much more than I've seen at other places, including Hazelnut Milk.The PriceThe drinks seem a bit more expensive than say Starbucks (I figured that was the easier point of comparison that people might be aware of). Not all of the drinks seem to come in various sizes though that may not be the case if you ask. For example, my mocha came as a 12 oz. and was $4.50. A bit more expensive but keep in mind that the quality of the coffee and ingredients are much higher than that of the likes of Starbucks. Furthermore, if you're staying, you don't feel obligated to buy a drink every hour or two. But please feel free to do so because it's that good!The FoodI will say I've never tried any of their food but they do offer a selection of oatmeal and granola as well as cookies, muffins, and scones.The ServiceI love the baristas here. They're all very friendly and helpful. I had my mocha at the cafe and it came out on a cute wooden tray with a teaspoon (should I need sugar, I didn't because the sweetness was perfect), and a small glass of mineral water. Lovely!The AtmosphereI love the atmosphere of this place. The music selection is always nice, a mixture of indie and hip hop (strange mix but it works). The music is definitely audible so if you need a quiet place to study this may not be the place. If you like white noise then it may work for you! There's plenty of seating but without feeling too expansive or too confined. On nicer days they open up their front and the fresh air comes in. It makes people watching easier if you're in the mood. It also looks out to the picnic tables equipped with umbrellas. It's a clean and welcoming environment overall, love it!The ParkingThere's a small lot at the side of the building that houses Rising Star. Otherwise it's all street parking but there appears to be plenty of it so not to worry. This place is near a few other places that you may want to try and is within walking distance of West Side Market and the surrounding area, a great place to walk around on a nice day!"}, {"review_id": "T4MDNTigobb6mTTvAuuBqQ", "user_id": "lVe-pmPfHQ1vAZ3vJXcxGw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/9/2017", "text": "Best Mocha in town! I can honestly say I've never had a bad coffee. Service is always great. I try and stop whenever I'm in the area. I always grab it to go because I feel like the old, uncool mom in the room. It has a young, hipster vibe which is one of the reasons I love Ohio City/Hingetown. The only complaint I have is, I wish they offered a larger to go size. I'd gladly pay $10-$12. I guess it really is about quality, not quantity. Still I tend to look like a fool trying to double fist my mochas as I stumble through the market. Rising Star is the saving grace of dealing with neighborhood congestion on a Saturday morning. Thanks Rising Star!!! You rock!"}, {"review_id": "Fq50SuVs8NyY1o7Nw8_qxw", "user_id": "8GYObbyhzGWItppsH9RZfw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/21/2018", "text": "I love trying out new coffee shops in different cities that have good reviews! We were looking up all the coffee shops in Cleveland and decided to try out this Rising Star. This coffee was absolutely amazing!!!!! I got a promised land latte which had honey and cinnamon in it. This was definitely better than any coffee I have ever had in any city including: Tulsa, Denver, Nashville, Cincinnati, Dallas, and the list goes on! I wish I had this coffee shop in my home town! The baristas new exactly what they were doing and were very knowledgeable. I would recommend this to any person visiting Cleveland!!"}, {"review_id": "xAW81zalgCxn1ahba5xmCA", "user_id": "yVYFebRPFWk_NDIUiRfCrA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/18/2017", "text": "Lives up to all online hype, both in flavor and presentation. Tried several items at multiple locations on a shortvtrip, and was met with friendly, prompt service each time.  Tons of nut milk selections, and one or two seasonal lattes, the menu is the perfect balance of simple but complete.  Try the cardamom bomb if you want something sweet.  If you dine in, cappuccino is served on a cute tray with a side of sparkling water.  Tje to-go cups are memorable for cool style and functional corrugated black design.  There is a tempting pastry case, and kombucha, but I didn't try either of those this time around."}, {"review_id": "tGetDzcly8hYV4DDmZ7UYg", "user_id": "KAiNFupeomyi8EgXoppfGg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "6/4/2017", "text": "Hands down the best coffee I've ever had! We live in Lorain county, and drive to Ohio city almost every weekend for a cup of rising star. It's about a 30 minute drive one way, and our toddlers get antsy being in the car for that long, so when we arrive and the employees ask if they can each have a FREE cup of hartzlers chocolate milk, it just completes the circle of how amazing this place is! Also, if you're looking for more than just a perfect cup of coffee, their mocha, and the promise land latte are a couple of my favorites. The employees are so nice & very knowledgeable about everything coffee related, so if you have any questions just ask, they don't mind at all! And just when you thought there could be nothing to make this place any more awesome, it's in a wonderful spot being close to the West Side Market, Edgewater park, The Happy Dog. Bottom line- Rising star has the best coffee is town (Chef Michael Symon says \"best in the country\"), and if you haven't been here, YOU MUST GO!!"}, {"review_id": "gzArbGbKY4tBZQvYkP2YwA", "user_id": "guPzpFwYAMNpn8p66QmSbQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "12/29/2017", "text": "This place is a nice stop if you have some time. I popped in with a friend and it was almost 10 minutes before his espresso was ready, and they weren't that busy! It is a bit of a dry environment and the prices aren't amazing, but coffee was alright. I'll give it another shot sometime soon."}, {"review_id": "iZLF8nnpe9SaT8HlnbagCA", "user_id": "u3ZPMVVEzneq8x856WksJQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/28/2017", "text": "Rising Star is such a wonderful addition to our community as well as Hingetown. Their near perfect rating is 100% well-deserved.This location in the best RSCR location to meet a friend, grab a cup of delicious coffee and shoot the breeze. The inside is always bustling with interesting folks, and i'd recommend this place even if you're just into people watching. The vibe is really nice. I also adore Rising Star because they offer nice beverage options beyond just plain coffee (i'm trying SO hard to be a fancy coffee drinker, but its a slow progression). They have some interesting drinks made with honey, cinnamon, earl grey... not to mention a killer Cardamom Bomb, which is my drink of choice. The gals working are always super helpful with their suggestions and I appreciate them helping me find drinks that are less powerful.This location also has easy enough parking, reliable wi-fi, and i'm really digging the current clothespin art show adorning the walls. They also carry a small selection of bagels/pastries, but they tend to be pretty picked over by the time I make it for my afternoon work session. Yet, if you're not into staying, you can also order their coffee ahead of time online and pick it up quickly. But I really think you'll want to stay!"}, {"review_id": "Utq8JAWnT8aBhpw2Hu9w8w", "user_id": "NSQSY7j3RJ4RY-8SYbMGKA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/14/2018", "text": "The best coffee Cleveland has to offer, hands down! Rising Star is where you go for quality coffee that is handcrafted correctly! They use proper brewing methods and I've never been disappointed. This location in particular is my favorite, the staff is always so friendly and welcoming."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/rising-star-coffee-roasters-cleveland-2?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]