[[{"review_id": "CEY1s-vUUJm6DWleHa8o8Q", "user_id": "hbispjYDOk4K_7EkgaSDng", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "I still can't believe I've never rated the original Fox in The Snow before! What you need to know about this place is that it is hands down a top 10 restaurant in Cbus to check out (whether you live here or if you're visiting). My sister and I found out about this place via Instagram about 3 years ago. We kept seeing pics pop up on insta of people with these ginormous cinnamon buns and hipster coffee pics. We checked it out and have never turned back! At the time we were both going to OSU so we made it an \"end of semester\" tradition to go to FITS to celebrate. What you need to know is that they have the absolute best, fresh flaky pastries. And their cinnamon rolls are delicious! I only wish they allowed the option to heat up the cinnamon roll. There is nothing better then warm icing drizzling down the side of a soft warm cinnamon bun. YUM! But alas, I have asked a few times and I get told no. It's kind of a bummer bc they have to have a microwave somewhere!! Ugh! Also two other faves of mine are the biscuit with housemade jam. And then this last time I went, I got the peach galette and that might be my all time fave!! It was amazing! Light flaky pastry with decadent cream cheese and perfect peach slices. I had a hard time believing you could find a better peach treat in the entire state of Georgia. It's that good! A couple of tips-- seating is limited as is parking. Every time my sis and I go, we get there right at 7am on a weekday. We learned that any time after that, it just becomes too difficult to get a parking spot and then it's crazy to find seating as well. Either way, you have to check this place out if you haven't already!"}, {"review_id": "eiiQ-OqW7NrgNuPs_stxxw", "user_id": "T65eg20c8-ywtIsWPrDzeA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "I love you Fox in the Snow like I love a hot guy that will never love me back. I can't get enough despite hemorrhaging cash when I walk through the doors. You're expensive. But I'm a sucker for good shit. Can we talk about how you don't have a sign out front with your name? Lucky so many hipsters can sniff you our like a fox does its hole. Pretentious af. But again... I love you. #eggsammich Also... 2$ for drip coffee refills. Damn you got me by the balls."}, {"review_id": "ce_Qhezl_9FLKfjGq6NCOg", "user_id": "EXNiJaPMa6vSYPpUIpB1fg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "This is my second visit here. Last time it was pretty empty mid afternoon. Today I went in around 11 and the place was packed but service was very fast. I love the atmosphere with so many options for seating and even a patio. Since it was so nice we decided to sit outside which is completely enclosed by a high wooden fence. I'd been hearing about their egg sandwiches so I decided to have one with an iced tea. All my friends were right, the egg sandwich is where it is at! It's really the perfect combination of ingredients. The iced tea was plain and unsweetened, nothing fancy but just what I wanted.Would recommend for coffee, a snack, or a light breakfast/brunch."}, {"review_id": "viarE0LvF7B7NkBRnPphaw", "user_id": "Wpymrt1lxWAUAba3tpp1kA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "Fox in the Snow is your quintessential picture-perfect coffee shop. This place has it ALL. A beautiful and instagrammable aesthetic, quality coffee options, pretty latte art and next-level pastries. If you're super hungry, get the egg sandwich. If you have someone to split it with, you'd be well off to split the sandwich and get a pastry to split as well!"}, {"review_id": "PbwVzXKyCjYJC_h5OXx9eg", "user_id": "QZDd8y4Q8etgSgOUV9GSPg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/12/2018", "text": "I'd heard a lot about this place and was excited to check it out myself.It's a nice quaint place for coffee and bakery. I've been told the breakfast sandwich is to die for, so that's what I ordered.Service was incredibly fast and very kind as well. The breakfast sandwich arrived hot. It tasted as good as it looks. It very well may be the best breakfast sandwich I've had. The cheese was all melted. It held together while eating. The bread was perfectly toasted and crispy without being too heavy. The bacon was delicious and added some sweetness.At $7, the sandwich is a bit pricier than what you might find at chains, but reasonable for an artisanal breakfast sandwich. The sandwich itself certainly justifies its cost quite easily.I definitely recommend it, and I'll be back."}, {"review_id": "oXtbkIU3ytnRsljQlypSmw", "user_id": "8ye6-7YYMsp0YizCLyrxcA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/3/2018", "text": "I finally got a chance to try Fox in the Snow after many months of curiosity. This place is a hotspot for Instagram photos and people talk about it all the time, so I couldn't wait to finally try it!I came here on Presidents' Day with my parents and I have to say, first impression: this place is super trendy but BOY was it packed. We thought it wouldn't be extremely busy since it was a Monday, but it seems half of Columbus had the same idea we had. The line was out the door almost the entire time we were there. Ultimately I suppose this is a good sign, but it made things a little stressful. We had to fight for a table and essentially felt rushed to leave so that others could take our spot.That being said, the coffee and the food was great. I wanted a vanilla latte and was a little surprised when I learned they don't carry any flavored syrups. Instead, I ordered a mocha to drink and it was on par with most other specialty coffee shops in the city. We tried one of their famous cinnamon rolls which was the star of the show: it was sweet and rich and totally worth it. I loved the egg sandwich I got too. It was huge and presented nicely on a wooden platter. The arugula provided a nice flavor and really made the sandwich special.The atmosphere here is extremely trendy and the bakery items made in-house are phenomenal, so I can see why it's a hotspot in Columbus. Maybe next time I'll try to come at a time that isn't so busy so I can relax a bit more!"}, {"review_id": "b-ZKr9gQLwEVw2JFpCLtuw", "user_id": "xWrDuqvrk86Cv54wU4TjcA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/27/2018", "text": "I'm not the kind of person who typically gets involved with sweet pastries and the such. I respect myself, you know? A nice, savory brunch is my jam.But I was visiting a friend in Columbus, and she raved about this place. So we came here and I figured, sure, let's give this a try.I've heard the line can be crazy, but we were very lucky. Perhaps because we just got that relatively early -- when we left, the line was almost out the door.Between myself and two friends, we ordered about 6-7 things. Mostly pastries. I don't exactly know what they were. One was a sort of cinnamon bun cake. One was kind of a mushroom-shaped chocolate eclair thing.Every single thing was unbelievable. I may have just given myself diabetes, and you know what? Worth it.The coffee was also solid. It seems like you can't throw a rock without hitting a pour over coffee place, but they do a good job here. Very solid, strong cup of joe.But man, the pastries. Even the egg sandwich was unreal. Perfectly fluffy, and the bread, which seems huge, collapses down, the flakes just melting in your mouth.I can't tell you what your time is worth. But for the time and money I spent in this place, and watching my friend deal with the parking.. it was all worth it.It's too bad about my insulin problem now, but hey, we all make sacrifices."}, {"review_id": "LAIs0o55Cqn8d5Yc-okYpQ", "user_id": "5QRQJNdt3p6E7FWR9FEX3A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/14/2018", "text": "What a delightful cafe! I visited here while in town visiting. I have always wanted to go, and it was worth it. I visited on a Tuesday at 10am so there was parking (but not much - it was still rather busy). The baked goods look beautiful and scrumptious. It was a hard choice but I got a biscuit with raspberry jam. I also got an egg sandwich with bacon, and WOW did that exceed expectations (see photos). The coffee was delicious. I loved the ambience.There is no wifi, but take that opportunity if you are solo to work on projects in a notebook, which is what I did. It was very satisfying."}, {"review_id": "njpP33u5dAtNH3-aLnDkUQ", "user_id": "qONCLpLmt3-gtTYuBfNM1A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/9/2018", "text": "This place has such a great vibe. Whoever is responsible for name, logo, environment deserves big props. The coffee (I tried the cortado) and it was great. And the homemade pastries are amazing.There's a good amount of seating for the size of the place, a lot of natural light (a big plus in my book), indoor plants, clean decor. It all works really well. The service was also top notch - everyone was really friendly and helpful. Haven't spent a ton of time in Columbus but if I lived here this would definitely be a place I'd love to work from!"}, {"review_id": "0oKlvjzDZdAix9i1v0dB3Q", "user_id": "Qx6CDjmcYbYS_jkyCs8M2Q", "rating": 2.0, "date": "4/11/2018", "text": "Honestly, I'm only writing a review to warn others that may stop in here unprepared--if you go on a Sunday afternoon, it will be JAMMED PACK full of incredibly obnoxious millennials. A friend and I ran in because we wanted a coffee before we headed to the Franklin Park Conservatory. I've heard the name mentioned many times on social media and have always wanted to check it out. The line was long and the coffee was average. What really bothered me were the customers.There were several people holding up the line to get lids for the coffee because they needed to take multiple pictures of the foam designs on their lattes--one with a large digital camera! Now, I take pictures of my meals/drinks for Yelp. But, I NEVER do it at the inconvenience of other customers or wait staff. The entire atmosphere of the patrons felt pretentious and rude. Multiple people didn't move out of the way when they saw people coming through. I'm not usually a petty reviewer, but I immediately got into a horrible mood after going here and won't be back."}, {"review_id": "uYnj9It1eZSXMR0cJkpNFA", "user_id": "32-NXOTKUJotbxr_mPcq9Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "Great cappuccino. Decent breakfast samich. Ah-mazing pastries. That is huge, coming from a girl like me who isn't really into sweets. I really expected to think the sweets were fine and move on. However, out of everything... this is the reason I'll be back! Hands down, the vanilla custard donut and the seasonal galette (I had peach!!) are a must try. If you're looking to avoid a line and deafening noise, skip it on Sunday around 11:30am. The place had calmed down considerably starting around 12:30."}, {"review_id": "87JMZ8GJ14ik4LCMduoh5w", "user_id": "AHRrG3T1gJpHvtpZ-K0G_g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/3/2018", "text": "This place is what pastry dreams are made of. After my first visit, I truly couldn't stop thinking about the experience. The friendliness of the staff, the beauty and flavors of the treats, the lush plants, the fun back patio, the windows into the kitchen where the magic happens...every bit of my visit had me plotting my return.A few pastries specifically stand out in my memory from the past two visits: 1.) the big *poof* filled with a hazelnut/chocolate style cream (it kills me that I can't remember the name of this one; 2.) the fluffy and moist cinnamon roll. Next time, I'll rally a box full of treats to drive home to Indianapolis. Note: they offer a variety of coffee and loose leaf tea drinks as well. I haven't tried the egg sandwiches...yet. Note that this business is about a one mile walk from the Short North neighborhood. And, honestly, half the experience is the super friendly team working the counter and keeping the lines moving. Note that on busy days the parking lot can be a bit clustered but don't let that deter you. It's worth the wait and the walk."}, {"review_id": "EGm8aBk1Ktw8L5m7lDW45Q", "user_id": "fNzgaewYge8DK2qtTPZzog", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/1/2018", "text": "Went for breakfast last Thursday around 9:30am and the place was packed! I got a table right away then got in line to order. I got the breakfast sandwich on sour dough with egg, cheese and bacon. The bread was toasted and the sandwich delicious! My hubby got the blueberry danish and we got a cinnamon roll to go. The cinnamon roll is huge with a buttery frosting. Rather tasty and still eating it ! Parking was a bit of a challenge but walking is a good thing especially after eating such a delicious breakfast!"}, {"review_id": "mbfNwck3ZD-fujZxOBn8_A", "user_id": "EBqOfSAvI1giMy1cc1Lwnw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Their signature egg sandwich is the BOMB! I always take my friends here when they're in town and they always compliment how delicious it is! The chai tea latte and latte is amazing too!! Def recommend! There's no wifi here so you can't stay for too long if you're planning on studying here, but otherwise it's a cute place to grab a quick bite and catch up with friends."}, {"review_id": "fPPG401ltUFv5AZh5udvig", "user_id": "rQRJ4Mi2EWgNVaVWJGaG4w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/5/2018", "text": "When I arrived here at 9am on a Friday and the line was to the door, it was clear that Fox in the Snow is the real deal. There is plenty of seating and the line moved pretty quickly, so the fact that is was super crowded was not a big deal.All of the sweets looked incredible, but I opted for the egg sandwich and a pour over coffee. The coffee was incredible, but I expect nothing less in Columbus! The sandwich was way better than I anticipated. I figured a souffled egg sandwich would mean that the eggs are nice and fluffy, which they were, but the bread really drove it home. Freshly baked, lightly toasted ciabatta totally elevated the sandwich and made the $7 feel like I spent $15. Honestly, one of the best egg sandwiches I've ever had! Next time I'm town I'm coming back for the sandwich!"}, {"review_id": "yVt8qFu7jgT_xgS_vUCOoQ", "user_id": "xdT5oJCFjR47L5p1YPv8ww", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/8/2018", "text": "I didn't want to like it. I didn't want to be like all my other foodie friends that come here regularly, check-in, take photos of their food and their smiling faces, and exclaim how perfect this place is in every way, and I especially didn't want to go on a day it was snowy, while I was (unintentionally) wearing my fox socks. But I did, and I loved ALL of it. I actually took one photo of my food, and realized that this place was an esthetic dream- every single inch- even from where we were sitting, one what was technically a table. So much natural light, so much happiness and enthusiasm for goodness. You can't go wrong here. Get there early, or be prepared to bring a table-stalker while you order food... but even with the busy-ness- this place still gets five stars from me, because it is WORTH the wait."}, {"review_id": "FUKLbf1naqE46Od1qwTwYw", "user_id": "BcNJm138NV-02weJYZNdUQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/9/2018", "text": "Delicious coffee and delicious food. The reason I took a star off is kind of personal... maybe it is not fair, but I just couldn't fully relax and sometimes I was anxious. For a few times I visited, I had to find parking spot first, then waiting for seats. It was a bit noisy as the place was full of people talking. I saw people without seats looking around... I just couldn't relax. But the coffee and food are just awesome!!"}, {"review_id": "zoZrbE-aBmg7nu-Vlym-7g", "user_id": "KrWOXlZyh0CB1123PxcrPg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/3/2018", "text": "If you plan on going here to get some pastries. Make sure that you get there extremely early for they sell out of a lot of stuff earlier on in the day. You are pretty much left with the option of scones. It smells really good upon entry into the establishment. The pastry here is wonderful. If it's supposed to be light and fluffy then it is. Everything that I've had here has been great. There is just enough sweetness. I've not had anything that was overly sweet. The vibe here is very eclectic which I really like. You'll find your hipsters, stay at home moms, and entrepreneurs working on their laptops all at this spot. It's very calming and intimate, yet it's a very opened area. The Natural light that is present here is invigorating. It puts you in the mood of wanting to stay here for a really long while. I've done this a few times and didn't realize that I was there for hours."}, {"review_id": "drBE-R4VwErCh5Ew6B3D2w", "user_id": "3v_v25pPfO-PRIutqMBtUg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/2/2017", "text": "\"Let's get some coffee,\" they said. \"It will be fun,\" they said. Okay, the coffee was fantastic and so was the food, but my partner and I were absolutely taken aback at 10am on a Saturday when we arrived to this seemingly chill coffee spot only to find a line out the door and a full house inside. We decided immediately it was worth a wait, and we weren't wrong! (By the way, that line moves quickly, and you get a full view of the kitchen to keep you entertained while you wait.)I ordered a drip coffee and two pastries to go, while my partner got a cappuccino and an egg sandwich (if vegetarian, ask them to hold the bacon!). The sandwich came on a crispy, flaky sourdough, with a whipped egg patty, fresh arugula, mustard, and cheese. It was large enough to split, and we also dug into that divine sticky bun since I couldn't resist trying it before we left. Don't miss out on the pastries here -- the sticky bun texture was like yellow cake, but the flavor was perfectly balanced between sweet and bready. Truly melt-in-your-mouth fantastic, it paired really well with the simple yet flavorful drip coffee. We haven't eaten the other pastry yet, a blueberry cheese danish, but I'm sure it will be delicious when we do. This coffee shop / bakery feels modern yet comfortable, and while the dining room was full, we didn't have any trouble finding a seat once we ordered our food. The layout encourages family-style dining, and coincidentally, we found ourselves seated right next to the owners. They were super humble, and it felt special to meet these two people who clearly cared about the business and the people in it. I wish we had something like this in Louisville: great food, coffee, atmosphere, and crowd. If we lived in Columbus, we'd be repeat customers, even with that line out the door."}, {"review_id": "OzM_75xxgR3ImEQs0JieJg", "user_id": "CtVvrUgFbQr0itTNfCS_WQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "It's even better than everyone says. Had the breakfast sandwich with bacon and the cinnamon roll, both were among the best I have ever had."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/fox-in-the-snow-cafe-columbus-2?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]