[[{"review_id": "MI3S3H0djQq2pRHorMrhWw", "user_id": "HLIupPJz4qGOn1QXXQh8qg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "Had brunch Saturday and was not disappointed.  We called ahead to avoid a long wait. The cheese blintzes were perfectly creamy. I had fish and grits with very tender fish and cheesy grits. I understand why this is such a popular place."}, {"review_id": "b0O8fdXl2QDckNf5PSGFIQ", "user_id": "JVoI8PjfVDGnyfMBRQc8eg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "I heard a little bit about skillet. It was one of the places my GF really wanted to go to. I seen that it had high ratings on yelp so I thought I'd give it a try. And since basically everything in the German Village area is pretty good, I was certain that I couldn't go wrong. The food is pretty good. And they have a nice selection of items to choose from. When I went, we came about 30 minutes before they closed (Sorry Skillet employees), and they had ran out of a lot of their menu items. So our choices were kind of limited. But it's understandable since they change their menu daily, so it makes sense that they don't have an unlimited supply. We ended up getting the Chorizo biscuits and Gravy, and a burger (forgot the name) that was recommended by our server. Being the chorizo lover I am, that was an easy option since they had it available. It was really good, but it wasn't amazing. The burger was the same level. I feel like a lot of places server really good food, so I wasn't too impressed.. I ended up trying the cinnamon roll since those are my weakness. I didn't really like it or finish it. They tried to put their own twist on the traditional cinnamon roll, and it didn't really work for me, it felt kind of hard and overcooked. I'm not sure if it was supposed to be like that or not. I don't think I've ever not liked a cinnamon roll in my life. Service was pretty good. I forget the server's name, but he was the only guy. He did a good job. Cracking jokes and engaging us made the service better and enjoyable. Everyone was on their job. The food came out pretty quickly and had no long wait time.The setup of the place isn't anything spectacular. It looked about average and maybe a little older in there. Which maybe they are going for ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯. But it wasn't bad... There isn't a lot of seating, so if it's busy there might be longer wait times. Overall my experience was pretty satisfying. The food was good but not spectacular. And I was really disappointed about my cinnamon roll. However the service was nice and the setting wasn't too bad. I'm giving it 4 stars, until I come back again when they have everything on the menu available. That severely limited my choices to choose from. I will update my review then."}, {"review_id": "zOG2-Mhaf3iJGEE2-lnVBg", "user_id": "lZtPZA0uxXzmBUVLzjR0kQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "Amazing food - quality, creativity, execution and great service to boot. We will be back!We ordered the burnt-ends hash with a poached egg, scallops and grits, gruyere roll, and pan seared gooey cinnamon roll."}, {"review_id": "KPvuOqt7nu9Id0uHMlq3SQ", "user_id": "0PCM8QMFWatpzBMRUVOVbQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "Love this place! I had heard about it a while ago from a friend who used to live in Columbus so it had been on my list of places to try for quite some time.I came on a Friday morning with two other friends and this was probably the best time to go because no line! It was a little past 8 am and there was a girl dining with her mom. Later on in the hour, a few groups came in but it never got quite packed. The space was interesting. It reminded me of a diner from the 70s with the wood paneling and the fans. The exposed brick was a nice feature too. They modernized the space a little with trendy chairs and mason jars over the lights.The menu was small but all the items looked good. We all ordered different things. I got huevos rancheros, which had two crunchy tortillas with very well-seasoned beans, an egg on top, a sprinkle of cheese, and guacamole. It was very delicious and presented well on the plate.My friend got smoked duck and andouille gravy and biscuits. Her meal was huge! It came with an enormous scrabbled egg laid on top of the biscuits. The gravy and duck were sprinkled all over the top. Yummy! It had a nice flavor to it. Really cool dish!My other friend got Hog and hominy, which was cheese grits on the bottom with a tomato gravy mixed with pork and then a poached egg laid on top. Very delicious!!They did a great job with the uniqueness of the dishes and presentation was pretty good for the most part. Prices are a little higher here, but it's local and they're using ingredients that aren't all that cheap anyway.My friends said the coffee and black tea were good too!Service was great. Our waitress checked up on us a few times. Food came out in maybe 10-15 minutes. It wasn't long, but they also weren't that busy.Parking is no issue either as you can find parallel parking right out front or just a few yards down the street."}, {"review_id": "-BK-kie8HqzMilAm2F2sPA", "user_id": "p1iaIW0vA4YdAb2B7jj5lQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "We were looking for a great spot for brunch near downtown C-bus, and boy did we find one! I can't believe we only had to wait 10 minutes for a table based on what I'm reading from other Yelpers. I didn't know the menu changed daily until I got there, which threw me for a loop; but the daily menu makes this restaurant even more impressive. We had IMPECCABLE service! We started with a sweet treat, the brown sugar crumble coffee cake. No exaggeration here: it was the best coffee cake I've ever had. Warm and crumbly and amazingly decadent. After our delicious sugar coma, we plowed into a delicious meal. I had the Steak and Eggs, which was so unique. The egg was cooked perfectly, but the real treat was the delicious gruyere cake underneath. My girlfriend had the biscuits and gravy--seriously killer! Such a great brunch for us at Skillet!"}, {"review_id": "RpPZxLtQilKAmp3O3iatdQ", "user_id": "cCke3VtFLtqgzkgYSrSE2g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/7/2017", "text": "I really like the description of Skillet on their website, \"Seasonal Driven, Farm to Table Comfort Classics with an Urban Edge.\" I think this describes Skillet perfectly. The hubby and I tried to visit Skillet for the first time - per a coworker's recommendation - two years ago while on our way to Chicago. Sadly, the restaurant was closed, so I was very excited to finally be able to try the restaurant when we returned to Columbus in July.Though the restaurant is intimidatingly tiny, we were seated relatively quickly. The kitchen was lightning fast as orders were rapidly made and delivered. Two dishes stood out to me -- the cheese blintzes and the griddled cinnamon roll. The blintzes were filled with a rich, smooth ricotta and topped with a deep, flavorful blackberry jam. I knew the griddled cinnamon roll was mine when I read \"buttermilk bourbon caramel.\"My only complaint would be the cramped restaurant space. I dined here while in the 3rd trimester of pregnancy and felt so clumsy in the small space that I avoided going to the restroom. I also felt very uncomfortable while dining -- the table and chair were just very tight. I'd love to come back not pregnant to enjoy the experience a bit more!"}, {"review_id": "jBlxJsVOmv7TCsYw3g_GIw", "user_id": "asveGQahhSL5FWbjlE1YIg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/6/2018", "text": "Dined here on the Columbus Food Adventures Meat Tour! Very insightful and candid conversations with the owner! I can't comment on the overall menu because it was just one dish that was served for the Tour. We were the only ones here on an evening when they are typically closed. Short rib poutine on fingerling potatoes! Loved how the cheese curds seared into the cast iron pan. We will be back!"}, {"review_id": "O5T8cVhjHoxL-fTqPCFrRA", "user_id": "eG1Tur78lGPRLPysNSzadQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/12/2017", "text": "Now we're talkin! This is how you do breakfast. Forget the pancakes, the waffles, or your mothers oatmeal. Yes those are all good, but everyone stays In that lane. Where's the creativity? Apparently it can be found at Skillet! First of all, the more exposed brick a restaurant has, the more enjoyable the meal will be....yep that's a thing, a scientifically proven theory. Ok maybe just it's my thing, but it hasn't been proven otherwise so I'm rolling with it. A simple space with both interior and exterior(seasonal of course) seating, I hear the wait on weekends can be brutal but you won't have much difficulty on a weekday. The menu is loaded with creative options, some of the best include:Morning bun - a pastry which honestly looks like a cinna bun. Flaky and filled with gruyere cheese, served with a hefty side of whipped butter. Cheese blintzes: sheeps milk ricotta. Yep, that's what you just ate, and it's wonderful. Surrounded by a light and airy crepes topped with berries and a dust of powdered sugar. It makes you smile just to read it :-)Biscuits and gravy: OMG...save the best for last. An absolute flavor explosion. Yes the biscuit is good but the gravy? Mr. gravy, take a bow, you are the real star of this show. The pepper takes this gravy to another level. Easily the best biscuits and gravy dish I've consumed. Did I already say OMG? This neighborhood breakfast & brunch restaurant spot is a can't miss for any breakfast lover."}, {"review_id": "REZX8BWEAbuILv5NNR3OBw", "user_id": "OE88gjyw5437_50ckCWkHw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "Funky place with unique food. There's a wait but you get free coffee while you wait. A gem in the German Village. The menu is small but delicious!!"}, {"review_id": "mTnas_48hrHu3nTG9VdNbg", "user_id": "NOsEb4RCwJjxcPdWX9QbJA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "First time coming and it was delicious. The food is splendid and the drinks are super yummy. I will highly recommend it to anyone and I'll be back to try other items."}, {"review_id": "c6uLHjFocZ8R6LK6f6Urgw", "user_id": "J72tTd5cnQ4EvtYToewELA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/30/2017", "text": "This falls into the \"I thought I reviewed this place already\" category.I'm not big on waiting for a table.  Who is right?  So the key to this very small place is to get there bright and early.  That works for me since I'm usually up before it's light anyway.This is all local, fresh, farm goodness.  As is the rule for these types of places it's a little more expensive.  But you get what you pay for.Very interesting menu with items you won't find anywhere else.  I'm lucky to be in the neighborhood."}, {"review_id": "j289OcaBLYf-Cfbd0VYwOA", "user_id": "96XrwOP6I1dt1t_4XTiJHg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/16/2018", "text": "I came mid morning on a Friday for breakfast. My first time here and I'll be back. Too many good choices. I ordered the Huevos Rancheros with added pork and the small grits. Even the coffee was good. Next on the list is the bacon"}, {"review_id": "vN_ASWsg-LTRaBl8QC8YBQ", "user_id": "SFdWxZdeQzBvngJ82LBYzw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "Two of my friends and I came here on a Saturday for lunch. The wait was about 45-50 minutes so we walked around German Village with the trees in bloom. The place was much smaller on the inside than we thought which accounted for the long wait. It was obvious that they were very efficient though, clearing tables immediately and getting people inside. We all ordered a a griddled cinnamon bun to share and I got the maple-sage sausage gravy and biscuits. Everything came out within minutes. The cinnamon bun was big enough for the three of us to share, covered in syrup and powdered sugar. It was so worth $7, soft and sweet and the griddled sides added the perfect crunch. One of my friends ordered a crab omelet. The omelet and the eggs on the biscuits were cooked perfectly. The crab was in a creamy mixture with onions and sprouts. The biscuits were soft and covered in gravy. They also make their own chipotle hot sauce which I covered my biscuits in. Everything was so delicious and the employees were all so nice and helpful. Definitely recommend for brunch!"}, {"review_id": "f1OoFkwXSKcydt31itbUpg", "user_id": "q9XGutVdejvGNWesjWuWBA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/25/2018", "text": "A great brunch spot.  Definitely get here early.  It's a small space so there isn't room inside if you're waiting for a table.  Although, once you're in, the small space is definitely part of the charm.  The menu is unique, with a focus on local sourcing and the result is DELICIOUS.  I had the smoked salmon chowder and simple salad.  The chowder was the best I've had - amazing flavors and texture.  The salad was standard - a good complement.  But the main event was the Cheese Blintzes.  My friend and I spotted this dish continuously coming out to tables so we had to see what they were all about.  They were...a dream.  Highly recommend this spot - do not leave without some blintzes in your belly."}, {"review_id": "gQizbzxmr6lvZ0ZQixNJgA", "user_id": "xUKJBoYt2jhBbCS7Cz9Gjg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/27/2018", "text": "Really good, home cooked style food. You can tell its made fresh. The coffee was really good and I would highly recommend the gravy and biscuits."}, {"review_id": "9uYJse5pMAIqx6qaOD1G_A", "user_id": "JzP5uJjhZb0Vj8J_bn3mOg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/24/2017", "text": "Small space: Three 4-top tables; 2 booths; and four tables that can seat two guests. Yes, small indeed. The brick walls show age, but in a good way. Since it was a gorgeous Friday morning, I figured I'd better call ahead and put my name on the list. No need, it wasn't busy at all. I did make it to Skillet during Dine Originals week. However, nothing on their prix-fixe menu was grabbing my attention. The heavens did open, tho, when I saw Goetta. Crumbled pork mixed with spices and oats. Mmm! I was introduced to goetta during a weekend trip to Cincinnati. It was amazing. Since that glorious day in 2010, I haven't had it, so I was ecstatic when I read Skillet's menu online and the word jumped off the page. I got lucky, really. This dish, Cincinnati Goetta and Soft Scrambled Eggs with Sharp White Cheddar, was reserved for their after-11am offerings. However, since it wasn't busy, the chef was willing to whip up the dish for me @ 9 am! My dish was very flavorful and tasty. The sharp cheese was gooey. The goetta was spiced with care, cooked with passion, and tasting it brought back so many good memories! However, something about this visit was missing. The quaint, homey feeling just wasn't there, for me. Not sure, can't pinpoint it. Was it because it was so quiet? I am so glad to finally taste the wonderful homemade quality food that is served here."}, {"review_id": "guxMtcfh4wKbiR4qka86bQ", "user_id": "ErWPjeuK5uKHLmtz4BM9ng", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/19/2017", "text": "It somewhat saddens me to have to give Skillet only 3 stars, considering the hundreds of rave Yelp reviews. Either I came on a not-so-amazing day, or it truly is overrated...but even if i could give half stars, I'd still only say 3 - no more, no less.I do like that you can call ahead and put your name in, which helps with the wait time. In fact, we had basically no wait time whatsoever, which pleasantly surprised me since the entire restaurant only has 9 tables.The coffee is pretty good and the service is great. Our waitress was very friendly, and all of our food came out lightning fast! Sadly, none of the food I tasted was mind-blowing like I was expecting - all of it was just passable/good. I got the bourbon chocolate pecan pie as well as the duck & andouille biscuits and gravy. Both were alright, but I really expected something more. The duck honestly tasted more like ham to me, and the eggs that came on this dish were subpar at best (I think I can make better eggs). The biscuits were probably the highlight of my entire meal.I don't regret coming here, as I had nothing to complain about. Maybe it was my fault for coming in with high expectations, but how can you not when you live by Yelp reviews? This will probably be the one and only time I come to Skillet for brunch. Hopefully your experience will be a bit better than mine!"}, {"review_id": "j9AutVhn0Q_cLhOuzPMOPA", "user_id": "y07YwnM9tzk-ZR_6y0bGOg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/10/2017", "text": "I just LOVE this place. It's small place and there's usually a long wait which is worth it for me. That's how much I like their food. They change their menu all the time so check their website for current selection on the menu. They sell out some of the stuff on their menu early so make sure you don't go there starving"}, {"review_id": "oXM2SQVluqM4-nOuN3fWbQ", "user_id": "MEYQOpns334W4-9WQB0ywQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/26/2018", "text": "I want to give this place a five stars, but they ran out of their biscuits and gravy (which is apparently their best menu item). I got something else and it was good, but everyone else enjoyed their food. The dessert was good as well, and the coffee was spot on. I was disappointed, but oh well it happens."}, {"review_id": "H79EGq6bua6gA5S1ZzPRxw", "user_id": "6EUu69JFx191-G2kjJXDBg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/8/2017", "text": "This place is so worth the hype! I've gone twice on Saturdays, early, and we've called ahead and haven't had bad experiences with the wait. The service was good both times. Their menu changes often, but if they have the pan roasted potatoes with horse radish, get them. They are the best breakfast potatoes we have ever had and also maybe the best thing on earth period. Their cinnamon roll is not a normal cinnamon roll but it is also very good. Finally, their raspberry iced tea is the best ever. My only gripe is that I wish they consistently did vegetarian gravy. I really want to try their biscuits and gravy but both times they have only had a meat option. Or like, had a vegetarian savory main course option other than a cheese omelette. But that's okay, next time I'm just going to get two servings of the pan roasted potatoes and will be perfectly happy."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/skillet-columbus?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]