[[{"review_id": "4VFJT5rBPknrZtOld4sekQ", "user_id": "ZqEGhZB8hAyFKv1gOMOvDA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "Ermahgerd... This place is AMAZING. I enjoyed pretty much everything at this place. The migallas, huevos rancheros, and French toast were addicting to eat. The portions are large. I really enjoyed their Horchata latte. It tasted like a little piece of heaven. The prices are reasonable for the amount of food that you get. Make sure and join the waitlist or download the no wait app. I definitely recommend this place to anyone looking to try something new. You won't be disappointed."}, {"review_id": "v_TbZOF4tpJbgUqYTIgV5A", "user_id": "gutd8QS-VkU0Ab1j-1gIsg", "rating": 2.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "I was so excited to try this place after reading the reviews.. waited in line almost 2 hours on a Sunday morning which really wasn't that bad because they had a little drink bar situation outside so we sipped on Mexican coke while chatting it up! The inside was nice. I ordered the horchata latte which was sooo amazing! Creamy, cinnamony, not too sweet, not too bitter.. definitely good I also got the huevos rancheros which was definitely hyped up by other people on yelp.. probably the WORST huevos rancheros I've ever had... I even had my friends try it to see if I was just crazy and my taste buds were off.. it literally just tasted like tomato..there was no other real flavor.. the tortilla in the bowl was the WORST part.. it didn't have that crunch but instead was STALE... as if they had this plate just sitting out and soaked up all the tomato and was just sitting there.. it made the dish completely unappetizing.. only took a few bites and set the dish aside and finished my latte.. Truly truly disappointed especially with the sign outside that says top 100 breakfast spots in AMERICA...the other food looked amazing... but who knows we could be talking the same scenario.. ‍ Anywho, maybe that was an off day? It seems like other people really enjoy this place... but it was a little bit of a buzzkill for my friends and I!"}, {"review_id": "yogbnhLjw2pN0VUaVh5Euw", "user_id": "bTKvZww6jUwrn6QroV6KQg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "This place should be named Cafe KaPOW!! This place is just simply Awesome! Explosive flavors that will have you leaving with a full belly and a smile on your face. I've been here several times and it is really worth the wait. If you've never had Guatemalan food, this is the place to try it! Tips: There is usually a wait on weekend brunch's so either get there early or go later in the day."}, {"review_id": "RHx7hO3K1j1M4uOc4vVQFg", "user_id": "b41GI4Jsh9oTqQsqjp2N1A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/24/2018", "text": "Just like the majority of the reviews indicate.. 5 stars all day!Before I start my review, if you think you are just going to wake up on a Sat or Sun and casually stroll in for breakfast/brunch? Sadly mistaken.. Download the no wait app, and get your spot in line, before leaving your house..Ok.. Now on to the review.. After I went the first time with a friend, I had to go back the following week with the wife.. Boi!!This spot is legit! I got the french toast, which came with the gooey glazed jawns which was a nice addition, but I also asked for syrup on the side, to \"drizzle\" over the french toastThe french toast honestly is the best french toast that I have ever had, to date! Jawns had a nice \"crisp\" break/crunch to it.. Not that soggy thin bread you normally get I also got a side for scrambled eggs and cheese, that was pretty good.. The cheese they use is \"different\" not sure which or what kind of cheese it is, but it isn't your standard shredded cheese you get at like waffle house (lol).. All I know is the jawns was gooey!This spot is a go!! Just go.."}, {"review_id": "ZG445wJueGfCbqbysq7ycg", "user_id": "5tsjGigTAQoL0VIdaMjuxQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/13/2018", "text": "About an hour and a half wait on Sunday morning, my group of 4 we're finally seated and served relatively quickly, I got the giant breakfast burrito, it was amazing! All the other dishes looked great, I forgot the names of the dishes, but we all shared some sweet pancakes that are not over kill sweet, just sweet enough which is perfect. The horchata latte is a must! I love the addition of plantains to most of the dishes. Overall good experience, friendly staff, fair pricing, just be aware of the wait times, it's a small restaurant that's highly demanded so be prepared."}, {"review_id": "ciVo6H-S66nvI_8yS-QIsg", "user_id": "593plMdtRIxxSUSTesTrRw", "rating": 2.0, "date": "3/14/2018", "text": "Cafe Kacao failed me. I spent hours searching for the perfect birthday lunch spot. I wanted to love you, Cafe Kacao, but I just can't. My husband and I both ordered the Crispy Motuleno. The eggs are prepared to order, or so they say. He ordered sunny side up and I ordered over medium. The food arrived and my husbands eggs were over easy, not sunny side up. My eggs were over easy, not over medium. I asked the server about my husbands eggs and he said sunny side up is the same as over easy. That's not true, of course. I showed him my eggs and asked if that's how their over medium usually looks. I got a reply of a really long \"ummmmmm....\" and then a \"do you want me to have them remake them?\" I ate around the eggs that weren't cooked to order. I didn't have time to wait for another meal. Also, my food was room temperature. Oh, I am so sad about this, Cafe Kacao."}, {"review_id": "ieC3ln66tlGK8UkJJlJd2g", "user_id": "m-mDk1NFTzBrdpyHTiVJnw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/18/2018", "text": "I love breakfast, and Cafe Kacao is always a top choice to go to for it. I've been here multiple times and it has yet to disappoint. Serving sizes are generous. I almost always leave with enough for another meal or two, so I'd say you definitely get your money's worth.Service is great! They make sure my coffee cup is always full and fresh, and they're so fast that sometimes I wonder if I ever took a drink. I've only been here for breakfast, but I have no doubt their dinner is just as great. This place is one that will remain on my favorites list."}, {"review_id": "_S7pXmAjuVVhVk5Jnlrqug", "user_id": "1XKxxvXWut9xtIywjbvctQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/27/2018", "text": "There's one thing that everyone has told me about Cafe Kacao and that is that it's delicious. Everyone is right. I ordered the Cobanero Omelette. Cafe Kacao isn't chintzy with the ingredients. The omelette is already big and then they go and stuff it full of carne asada and pico de gallo. It tasted like a good omelette, but the cobanero pepper sauce is what pushed it to a whole 'nother level. It's creamy, rich, and spicy (but not too spicy). I could keep going but you get the point. It's fantastic! If you don't get the Cobanero Omelette, get the sauce on the side (if you don't mind paying extra for it). The beans weren't too bad. I'm not a huge fan of beans in general, but the black beans were a pleasant surprise. Normally I barely even touch them, but I got through a decent amount. They also have a huge coffee menu which is pretty impressive just by the sheer size of it. The Nutella drinks were enticing but I just went with a normal cup of coffee. It was okay. The service was fine. Our server was nice, but a little inattentive. We came in around 12:30, so it was understandably packed. Once we ordered, we got our food quickly, but she forgot about the coffee I ordered. I got it about 30 minutes later, so it wasn't a huge deal. The worst thing about Cafe Kacao is how annoying it is to find a spot here. The parking lot is so small and cramped that you'll probably have an easier time parking in the lot across the street, but even that second lot isn't a sure thing. Pro-tip: get here early if you can. You'll probably have to wait 20-30 minutes if you show up during lunch time, but breakfast, I'm told, doesn't really have much of a wait. Cafe Kacao is easily one of the best breakfast/brunch places in the Oklahoma City area. I'm pretty sure I'll be back soon."}, {"review_id": "rMQdE94kmnJOs_ZILrm0eg", "user_id": "OPSgzQ3vuAhh3vcMIzuiNg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "My boyfriend and I decided that we liked this place so much, it was worth eating here twice before we left. We absolutely loved the brunch! The prices were fair considering the quality of their food and service. The staff was very friendly and attentive during our visit! However, if you do visit make sure to not be starving. This place was very busy that there was even a line outside. Luckily, the restaurant is perfectly situated. They have a small parking lot but there is plenty of street paeking"}, {"review_id": "wlrCwQuMVepuLc0arRf6Sg", "user_id": "WnoYLgOTQfdoXpC1F7OTJQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/4/2018", "text": "The food is great! You may of had Latin Food in the past, but it wasn't as good as Cafe Kacao! I went on a Saturday and the wait was a bit (I used Yelp to join the waitlist), but once I arrived within 5 minutes my table was ready. My kids had the pancakes...I should of had them split one because it is two xtra large pancakes! My food was more than I was prepared for as the portions are large....bring your appetite! I also had a Mango Smoothie...I was good, but not that sweet...but I've had amazing Mango Smoothies around the world, so like I mentioned, it was good.It is a quaint place with limited parking (I parked street side), but if you are in the mood for amazing Latin Flavor, you have found it here!"}, {"review_id": "xijDpC_TgTzM90nag4yYhA", "user_id": "82Micw6atbqgn8-r7oNRKg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/24/2018", "text": "I'll tell you what, this is definitely an outside the box thinking style menu. Not your typical basic cultural cuisine here. I thoroughly enjoyed the service, entree's & drinks. I ordered the Crispy Motuleno and it was fantastic. Just a little difficult to eat with a fork because of the crispy tortillas. All the flavors were showing and the presentation was spectacular. It was cooked perfectly and the plantains had just the right sweetness to them. My mom ordered the Tikal. The flank steak has a great seasoned flavor and was cooked to perfection as well. The longaniza to me was like a very well seasoned hamburger. Not what I was expecting when I tried it. We had a few of their signature cafes and they were all fantastic. If you're craving sweet and different you must try the coffee flip that has egg white in it. Don't be fooled by the ingredients, this is amazing.  The Cubano espresso is so good that it reminds me of Home."}, {"review_id": "nEVaJgeMiycKiGIJ473FHQ", "user_id": "0MFiXakgg3_W0Gmquloa2g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/31/2017", "text": "I feel like every other review has this place down to a tee. Essentially,- The food's tasty, whatever you decide on will probably be a good choice.- Expect a wait, anywhere from 15-45 minutes. Don't expect a quick breakfast/lunch here.- Service is hit-or-miss. There's an older guy server who does a fantastic job. Everyone else is kinda lacking.I'm okay with the wait times and service inconsistencies because the food (as previously mentioned) is really good. What I find annoying about Cafe Kacao, however, is this crazy need for them to upcharge you for everything. Every item I ordered, I asked for a slight change and it was met with a \"sure, but it'll be extra\"Couple examples:\"I'm not the biggest fan of the black beans that come with the cobanero omelette, can you substitute it for some plantains?\"\"Sure, but it'll cost extra.\"\"Understandable enough, can I switch it out for refried beans instead?\"\"Absolutely, but we're going to charge for it.\"\"On these Huevos Rancheros, can I do flour tortillas instead of the corn ones?\"\"Mmm maybe, but there'll probably be a charge for it.\"(After getting a to-go box for our pancakes) \"Can we get a little thing of that condensed milk sauce you put on top?\" \"Sure thing! It'll cost extra for that, though.\"That last one annoyed me the most. I paid $12 for 2 pancakes with sauce on top, give me a break with these upcharges Kacao. You're good but not that good...Overall, good times/good food as long as you don't try to customize your order."}, {"review_id": "C-0NIAfQITEgW758IC1tUw", "user_id": "fecDYNPM9WsbZy0FZ4wfrA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/25/2017", "text": "Since visiting Cafe Kacao a few days ago, I've told 3 people about this place. That's how good this spot is and a review almost isn't even necessary, but here we go anyways.Small, run down looking restaurant on the outside. Possibly a remodeled fast food location but not sure. But the inside is a dim but pretty nice looking area with relaxed decor.Both times I've been here, and the service has been excellent. The first time I had a very kind Hispanic looking man, and the second time was an awesome server named Dan. He told us his name after we left, but I made sure to look at his name on the receipt anyways because that's how great he was. He took his time to recommend dishes, give advice on the menu, etc. We told him that we eat a lot but he saved us from ordering too much food and man oh man, I'm glad he warned us because Cafe Kacao does not skimp out on the portions. They are officially Fatty© approved. But back to Dan, after convincing us that we didn't need two sets of pancakes and that my friend and I should just share, he even cut our pancakes for us to put on the separate plates. Excellent service that makes you want to come back and visit. The food is great and very fresh tasting. The first visit I had the Crispy Motuleno which was basically steak and eggs on crispy tortillas. Everything from the protein and refried beans down to the plantains were great. I had the Creamy Cilantro Burrito the second time and I definitely recommend that if you're hungry. That doesn't mean I don't have any complaints though. All of the tortilla strips were stale and there was quite a bit of rice in the burrito, some chunks of it being plain white rice too. The beans weren't great and I now know to ask for the refried option instead. The chorizo potatoes were good but nothing to write home about. Not much heat at all, but the meat was tasty, although it kind of tasted like ground beef but more sausagey, if that makes any sense. The potatoes could have been more crunchy and better seasoned but still good. The pancakes were amazing and HUGE and are now second on my list of best pancakes I've had. You really need to split that with a friend and add that to the meal. Very traditional pancake batter taste but the sauce was really good on this option. Both times I've been, wait times were non-existent but I know they can get very busy. You can check in with the Yelp app I think but I haven't done that yet and have had no issues coming during lunch/dinner hours. I will be coming back for sure because there is so much I want to eat on the menu. I'd really like to try out some more sweet and savory items along with their coffee/tea selections which seems to have great reviews."}, {"review_id": "K1tDxlRqvh0Sx1uCXLFczQ", "user_id": "Tbbjx_S6y_oSMQrAiPwdHA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/25/2018", "text": "Woah, I'm so surprised I haven't already written a review regarding Kacao. This used to be my favorite spot during my undergrad years over at OCU. They've significantly expanded their menu items over the year & now open for dinner (which is really, really nice when you're craving some delicious brunch food), as well as have coffee/tea options. I also appreciate how they've begun giving a little appetizer...usually a chicken-styled soup (at least the last 2 times I went).My usual is huevos rancheros, motuleno, french toast and/or the blueberry/oreo pancakes. You can never go wrong with any of the pancakes -- trust me!! Over the years, though, I've noticed that going during the weekend brunch time rush can be overwhelming -- it might just be me, but I always feel rushed to eat quick due to them needing to flip tables. I recommend going during dinner on a weeknight for a more quiet & non-rushed experience. :)Finally, the dinner options I'm sure are equally tasty, but I'm a creature of habit & I always stick with their famous brunch. :)"}, {"review_id": "nu_5cssnN0DD1N4uWI-uPA", "user_id": "NFDHzumce7GcmneYdS8ZeA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/24/2018", "text": "This place was different but definitely good. Im not use to eating plantains but they came with just about every meal. The place was in a cute spot; small tables though. So you had to juggle where to move your drinks to accommodate your plate.The service was outstanding. Enough to get you what you needed but not enough to drive you crazy."}, {"review_id": "SfX3Cp3Yc34ENBgrwaYKsg", "user_id": "VAMgTIjnsQb-AZw3RcshtQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/10/2017", "text": "Hands down one of my favorite brunch places! My fiancé and I love coming here over the weekend! VERY happy they started the yelp check-in to skip the line! We used to always have to wait 30-45 min before being seated. From the outside it doesn't look very appealing but the inner decor is actually pretty unique! Love the artwork and lights. It is fairly small but I love hole-in-the-wall type restaurants/cafes! We have tried many of their dishes so it's really hard to choose which is our favorite but they are well-known for their French toast! It's always beautifully decorated and crispy on the outside, fluffy on the inside. Their pancakes are also top-notch!If you want something savory, I recommend their Machaca or Motuleno! Their coffee is also high quality and DELICIOUS. I usually get their horchata latte or Nutella latte."}, {"review_id": "HHmgksWka5lxjSU9YDSexA", "user_id": "k0qip8EKFasSFDc5U13ZIg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/27/2017", "text": "I have struggled with writing this review. Nay, not because it is negative. Rather, I think I have a new favorite in OKC, but I don't want the lines to grow even longer on weekends (as if my measly review will make any difference haha). I've now been to Care Kacao twice, and both times, walked away with a full and happy belly.The first time, a good friend and I met to catch up over brunch on a Friday. In comparison to weekend crowds, brunch on a Friday was empty! I snagged a table right away, and sat down to wait and peruse the menu. Everything looks delicious, so good luck choosing. I ordered the Pupusas and a Japanese Matcha Latte.O. M. G. I think I died and went to heaven. The pupusas? Perfection. Cheesy. Porky. Served with some sort of unknown sauce that I dumped on everything and it was AMAZING. They ask how you want your eggs, so I of course ordered them sunny side up. The yolk mixed with the pupusas and sauce? Done. I'll die happy now. The latte was perfection. Beautiful, as per my photos, and delicious too. Now this part. This is really where I don't want to share. They do dinner. And I don't think anyone knows about it, and I really don't want them to know. But, here we are. So dinner. I ordered the Hot Cocoa & Roasted Marshmallow with the Smothered Quesadilla. First off, the hot cocoa comes with a GIANT TOASTED MARSHMALLOW. Yes. The gentleman running the coffee bar was a gem, and was so sweet. When he heard me raving about my friend's drink (she received a little s'more with hers), he brought me a s'more too. THAT is customer service. And you can bet I've told everyone I know, and now I'm telling you. Go, order their drinks. Be amazed.The smothered quesadilla was absolutely delicious, and I found no faults. However, if I had to pick, the pupusas are where it's at. Service is excellent. The building is spotless. There is parking in their lot, and also across the street, and also on the street. So, even when there is a wait, you should be able to find a spot. But you won't find me waiting, because I'll be there at night, eating dessert with my coffee after stuffing my face with pupusas."}, {"review_id": "o_ibMtnz71kqIB4rU6M73w", "user_id": "6kSLgb1zoOU7Wgzb95n_Zg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/23/2018", "text": "Friends recommended us here and the restaurant was really good! Small, clean and busy! Staff are nice and recommend for us! I tried Flautas dinner and my husband tried Asada! Asada has egg with it but he traded with Salad! Flautas is very similar like chicken taquitos, serve on leture with 2 sauce, i like the green sauce better! Asada has Steak, grill green onion, black bean paste and salad! They are all good, steak are seasoning well and tender! We will come back again!"}, {"review_id": "aFPKzDuWcGVcXM9f1RV9Ow", "user_id": "Ydm_JTtpKt7BIO3M7B8dZA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "This place was on trip advisor! Fabulous food, we came to visit my Son currently living here. I'm from  Los Angeles and I was drawn to the menu! They have a separate menu for pancakes! The most amazing Nutella pancakes I've tasted ( they weren't mine) from my sons girlfriends plate. I had pupusas! You won't be disappointed yummy food! Also decided to order next day from door dash was disapppointed they didn't have all stuff inside menu. I decided to call restaurant and Zack took my call and accommodated my request talk about excellent service  Zack you rock!W"}, {"review_id": "EJDhop-aoCvYz7RzZeRD0Q", "user_id": "QPwxfkHZjaFsdLf2b6JIcQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/7/2018", "text": "This cafe is so charming and trendy, I wish I could eat here every day! I had the tastiest seafood omelette for breakfast and every single bite was as good as the first. Even better, the servings are absolutely massive, so you're sure to get your money's worth no matter what you order. The ingredients are also so fresh and healthy- no unnecessary flour to thicken their omelettes or sauces, so it's great for the gluten sensitive. They also offer you a choice of flour or corn (gluten free) tortillas. Plenty of healthy sides and some of the strongest coffee I've had in a while!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/cafe-kacao-oklahoma-city?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]