[[{"review_id": "dIENYII9tOEDiQGNle0oNQ", "user_id": "NVKmoXal_Y0I2wLSJhOAiA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "My wife, daughter and I had dinner on a Friday evening. Lively raucous atmosphere as we were still in the happy hour crowd. I had made reservations via Yelp which I appreciate. This was our first visit to Scratch Kitchen. We began with the scratch pickles and Sooner state board. Both were fantastic, but I personally loved the pickled garlic cloves in the pickles. The board was a great mix of cheese, hard meats, bread and nuts. These are great appetizers for eating with cocktails. For dinner I had a scratch salad and the coffee encrusted pork tenderloin, my wife had the fried green BLT with fries and my daughter had the Cajun seafood pasta. Portions were good and we all loved our dishes. I will use coffee on my pork at home. Now I'll comment on the drink menu. My wife and I each had two each and tasted each other's. I can't say I won't try another cocktail from their extensive list but it will not be the reason I would go to Scratch. Daughter had the lemonade, refills not included. We will return to Scratch. Service was good, not great. Great place for a lively evening with family and friends for robust conversation. Our tab was $205 with tip."}, {"review_id": "AQxOuSaoTRmUYYfzZL0nAg", "user_id": "si_kwKORHo_npYC3LpN2Rg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/11/2018", "text": "First time to eat at Scratch - Saturday night around 8pm. We were seated immediately and greeted very quickly by our server. She told us about the everything made from scratch concept and gave a few cocktail suggestion. I went with For Goodness Sake which was on the seasonal list and my husband had a Whiskey Smash. It took a few minutes for our drinks to be delivered and when I brought the glass to my mouth to take a sip I was blown away by how aromatic it was. I've NEVER been taken away by a drink and For Goodness Sake was a beautiful experience. I had two. There is a picture attached to my review that lists the ingredients. The Rose Syrup is what gives it the beautiful scent and what is really interesting is the flavor of the cocktail. It's not perfume-y it's just gorgeous. That drink is the cocktail trifecta: visual, scent and taste are all  executed to perfection.We started our meal off with the Oklahoma Board - their take on charcuterie served up on a board shaped like the state of Oklahoma. We enjoyed everything and our favorites were the cheeses and hummus. The only thing that would have made that better is a small menu describing what is on the board. The guy who delivered our food (not our server) didn't really know what we had and said that what was actually a broccoli and cheese type spread was avocado spread but I don't know. It was good but didn't taste anything like avocado. The atmosphere is pretty dark so we couldn't tell for sure - so my cell phone flashlight illuminated what really looked like broccoli cheese. I ordered a sriracha Caesar with flank steak that was pretty tough and my husband had the coffee crusted pork loin with risotto. His entree was AMAZING! The best pork loin we've ever had and the risotto was cooked to perfection. The meat is drizzled with a sweet raspberry sauce that paired perfectly. We will definitely be back and look forward to trying other menu items."}, {"review_id": "u0FCn-wqnfM-S4i56hDprg", "user_id": "VHjR5F6mdnLrQcCb0nqCYg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/25/2018", "text": "Scratch Kitchen is located on the corner of Main and Sante Fe in downtown Norman.  It seems like a lively, college hangout place for drinks, weekend brunches, and dinner.  I like the vibes of this place - brick building, casual warehouse-like interior, and live music.  My buddy and I each ordered the same thing. Overall, a solid place for lunch, so 4 stars.Scratch Irish Coffee had a long list of ingredients including cinnamon, egg white, coffee liqueur, cold brew, and creme cherry bark bitters.  This complex cocktail was hot, boozy, and sweet (4 stars).Scratch Burger cooked medium was excellent.  I think it was a half-pound burger that was incredibly juicy.  It came on a soft brioche bun and cheddar cheese, with side of crispy shoestring fries (5 stars)We split a dessert and our waitress recommended their carrot cake as the most popular.  It was indeed a huge slice (more like a chunk) and feeds two easily.  While the cake part was good, I found the layers of frosting to be way too thick and dense.  We wound up eating around the frosting. (3 stars)"}, {"review_id": "Vc6WaFid8T8T5xBamUUiEA", "user_id": "4VDP8Gc8--16itScw9nJCg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "Finally got to try the place. Always too busy; a good sign. Pulled Pork Nachos are awesome! Chicken Alfredo was the most flavorful Alfredo dish I've had. Very nice! Guys had sandwiches which they liked. Staff are awesome! Another favorite on our Norman list."}, {"review_id": "rbLZ9ae6sm5TRf7nukIvnQ", "user_id": "dJOk6dIOPgZGZ3Mn3vCPNg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/24/2017", "text": "Scratch is a great restaurant that breaks from the norm of the college town feel here in Norman. Difficult to see by day, somewhat meshes into the surroundings and minimal signage (personally a great look, just tough to see when driving or even walking by). Started with a mimosa carafe ($38) which was, believe it or not, made from scratch! Very delicious and the carafe ended up pouring around 4 drinks per person (two of us). I ordered the hangover hash, and my husband ordered the fried chicken sandwich.  The chicken sandwich was very tasty, had a kick of spice (chipotle maple gravy), and was perfect for that savory and carb loaded entree. The hash was also full of flavor and although the ingredients were rather \"basic\", they were super fresh and delightful. Maria was our server, potentially would've given the place 4 stars but the service topped it to a 5. Will definitely come back!"}, {"review_id": "n1e8nqT7FoFvceOO2oR7yA", "user_id": "m-mDk1NFTzBrdpyHTiVJnw", "rating": 2.0, "date": "2/18/2018", "text": "This was my first time at Scratch, and I hate to say that I was disappointed with the experience. We were with a large party on a busy Sunday morning; however, the service could have been better. I don't recall anyone coming by and asking how everything was going with our meals or drinks. At one point I wanted to order some coffee, but couldn't get anyone to stop by to be able to do so. Food was just ok. I ordered the salmon benedict and was let down to have eggs overcooked. I am not so picky as to send it back, but man what a letdown to cut through the egg and see the yolk completely solidified. The runny yolk is the best part! Overall, I wasn't impressed. I'm not sure I'd give this place another try."}, {"review_id": "CISQ2jLk0F2pFbmuItz87g", "user_id": "iBmp185ScexU3ToAxgb9ig", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "This place was amazing! Great food great service! I went here during Norman Music Festival and it was still awesome. The service was super fast. Please try the lavender lemonade I've never had anything like it before and I normally don't like lemonade. Perfect place for a date!"}, {"review_id": "8Ql4w0gmiScrOkeDcYlkpg", "user_id": "7MM2RRrgEdR7D9HTs-sfQA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "1/11/2018", "text": "Finally got a chance to check out this spot on a weekday (late afternoon) and sat at the bar for a light meal and drink. While I wasn't blown away, I wasn't terribly disappointed. Check the pictures out-- the interior and ambiance is nice with a modern style. While the place was pretty empty upon our arrival, it seems to be a great place for a variety of occasions, from a casual dining experience to a more intimate evening experience. For food, we ordered the scratch spinach dip (eh, not worth the price), a cup of tomato soup (I've had better from a can), and the sriracha caesar salad (YUM!). Drinks were made well-- not to mention there are several classic cocktails for $5 (if i remember correctly) for happy hour.Overall, the experience was okay. Based on our food selections, the menu seems a bit overpriced. But hey-- maybe we just made the wrong choices (aside from the sriracha caesar salad). I'd consider returning."}, {"review_id": "D9YiBgOg9OpsyPYxnHCVsg", "user_id": "1KyA6KPz-R0EpRK6cSWzjQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "We had great service and an excellent brunch! We overheard someone mention this place while out shopping, so thought we'd give it a try...glad we did. We visit Norman several times a year (cough, cough, football season) so I'm sure we'll be back."}, {"review_id": "uoypk7rMXW96WnhKTgz-qg", "user_id": "lRSI836puaYwT_50wkmYRA", "rating": 1.0, "date": "3/3/2018", "text": "Hi, sitting at our table on Saturday.  This statement was also true 2 and a half hours ago.  Fortunately not in a hurry... having our 2nd round of cocktails, or is it 3rd?.  Waiting for our breakfast, but now it's 130.  I recommed this place unless you are hoping to eat.Lol...food has arrived.  Worst shrimp and grits ever...cayenne everywhere.  Wife just couldn't eat it..  waiter tiok it back uneaten,.. Manager never came by but told waiter to offer bowl of fruit.  Lol...Norman, you deserve better.  Never again.  (Waiter was good guy)"}, {"review_id": "2nkm9z211_D5KUDqoz1lcA", "user_id": "DcWekdou5_JlQhuWsfqXnQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "They made dishes from scratch. The flavor is very good, natural and not over seasoned. Very good food. Would definitely come again."}, {"review_id": "UtVsNsXuUhS0eJ1LXWH8wg", "user_id": "PcgtOrx8nNChB__ccEPPDw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/24/2017", "text": "Solid place to eat and drink.I would question whether the food is \"American(New)\" (SIDEBAR: I don't really know what that means...) as it seems more like traditional American comfort food (nothing wrong with that!).I was impressed by their beer selection and the cocktails looked great.I had a steak with a side of veggies.  The steak was cooked well (not, not THAT well, it was cooked appropriately rare) but I would've liked it if the veggies were a bit more firm/crisp.Definitely worth a stop if you're in Norman and looking for something that's a notch above the average college town fare."}, {"review_id": "Q2O1CFnE0HzmZb3bcQvBSQ", "user_id": "Uv9gRiVpbEDwFbpdw0FD1A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/25/2018", "text": "Some of my family and I decided to check this joint out just to try something new, and we were definitely impressed! Great service, cool atmosphere, and a nice variety of meal options. I was pleased to see that they also had some nice vegetarian options as well. Their drinks had cool, witty names and they also serve this AMAZING lavender lemonade that I definitely recommend getting! They offer a happy hour where not only are some drinks half off, but so are select appetizers! It's a nice place for date night or just to hang out with the family. Definitely going to be coming back!"}, {"review_id": "mVT9o77LfBKTD9Yo-hkFMQ", "user_id": "G8dGH2ln53sqf-qniCl-Ow", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/7/2017", "text": "My fiancé and I have been to Scratch for brunch a few times, and just recently tried it out for dinner. Everything was great and the bartenders were fantastic!! We went in late and sat at the bar, and they were super accommodating and welcoming. I hate going anywhere close to closing time, but we were really hungry and it was our first date night in awhile. They never made us feel rushed or anything and also had excellent recommendations. My fiancé isn't much for drinks but he stepped outside the box and ordered a strawberry-something that the male bartender (I suck at names) had come up with. He loved it and even got a second one! The crab cakes were gone in seconds, the sriracha Caesar was perfect and he enjoyed his southwest salad immensely. The NY strip was great too! I highly recommend Scratch for dinner, brunch, or just some awesome cocktails!"}, {"review_id": "AR2j705LcyLUpbyuUkO2xA", "user_id": "eVq8OWj59MtOmZYCXjwmDA", "rating": 2.0, "date": "8/4/2017", "text": "Tonight was the one night we've had in a long time without the kids. We've planned on this evening over a week ago and we really stoked about it. I made reservations, called a friend and set up a double date with our spouses and salivated while going over Yelp photos until today came. We arrived at 8 p.m. and the place was busy! We were immediately seated due to our reservations. Our server was quick to show up and request the drink and appetizer order. Husband ordered everyone the spinach dip, which was amazing. I ordered the Berry Spritzer and later, I ordered a  Sea Lion Woman. Believe it or not, I had to send the SLW back because there was too much liquor in it. I apologized because I knew it was not a normal complaint, but the server actually said it happens often with that drink... Go figure. Anywho, the Spritzer was good and I'd order it again. My husband got the Spicy Bloody Mary and really liked it.Dinner time arrives and now you'll see why only two stars... My New York Strip, mashed potatoes and asparagus showed up. It was pretty dark inside so I had to do a double take on it when I saw about a 3/4 inch strip of fat running down the side of my steak. Normally on this cut of meat (it's my favorite cut), you'll have a small strip of fat running down the side. I couldn't believe how thick it was. I didn't think it was too big of a deal, until I tried to cut it off. It wasn't rendered down and was so hard to cut through that I looked to see of my knife was dull. It was crazy! After I hacked all the fat off and set it aside, I tried my asparagus. It was really good. There was just the right amount of salt on it and it had a lovely smoke flavor. The mashed potatoes were perfectly creamy and had a little sweetness to them. I didn't mind it as much as you might think. Oh dang. I forgot to add that I got a starter salad. That sucker was as big as my head and delicious. Get it. My husband ordered the crusted pork and risotto with broccolini. His favorite side is risotto, so when I told him (earlier in the week) that he was going to be able to get it, he basically did an end zone dance. So when this beautiful plate showed up, imagine the dismay that came when the risotto was undercooked. Dang near crunchy in the middle. We had bought tickets to see Dunkirk, so we didn't have time to send it back. He was so disappointed. He did like the broccolini and pork. But when you're craving something and it's a flop, it stinks.... Boo for the wife picking the dinner place. I'm sure I won't be picking for the next couple of rounds.So yeah, the sides, besides the risotto were good, but the mains, the supposed \"star\" of the show were left wanting. It was a 98.00 dinner before tip and 120.00 after. Save money, get better quality at Cattleman's or The Ranch (disclaimer: The Ranch will be as or a little more expensive, but at least it's worth it.)"}, {"review_id": "l6qO5qYnSvSo8dxEKBeiXw", "user_id": "SuQSCUylD-rT3EmsIqamsQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/27/2018", "text": "Celebrated our anniversary at Scratch and it was truly a delightful experience. Our server was attentive and pleasant. My husband's steak was cooked perfectly. My veggies and quinoa with blackened chicken was seasoned well and had just the right amount of \"kick.\" Shared a chocolate tart that was sublime--not too sweet and the cappuccino cream on top was just the right touch to top it off. Will definitely return!"}, {"review_id": "KMh61TK3QYdFvLInvylG9Q", "user_id": "kGQTC9Kf7qAZExb9bHWIiA", "rating": 2.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "The waitress was super nice. The food was pretty lacking in all aspects. The smoked salmon benedict was incredibly dry and was completely cold when it was served. The Bloody Mary was off as well."}, {"review_id": "gloqkD4BWdqtq-PVd_OJ5w", "user_id": "zuB7dPjRLrPwW_AYbf5Pdg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/18/2018", "text": "Nice and spacious restaurant with good service and delicious food and drinks. They make chicken and vegetables (a very basic meal) taste incredible. My friend is a fan of the multi-choice salad plate, which I'll definitely have to try next time. Who doesn't love variety?! Getting a little of everything is the perfect option. The Becky with the Good Pear drink was fabulous, I highly recommend."}, {"review_id": "EaNlPtHSYX8gIhVWqhwMUA", "user_id": "YW4YLWPMPIoCtoQopoVhYw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/5/2017", "text": "I came here with a bunch of girlfriends for a dinner date. The atmosphere of the restaurant was very nice; great place for a dinner date! I got the southwest salad and whatever the dressing they used on it was delicious! My girlfriends ordered a California girl sandwich, or something along those lines, and a pasta dish. They both looked really appetizing as well. The server even told us that everything made there was created from scratch, hence the name. Definitely will be returning!"}, {"review_id": "fSeAgbGisFhgYTQ4fx_bUQ", "user_id": "X93wG5BvfJ1JSpGSi5QeMQ", "rating": 1.0, "date": "2/18/2018", "text": "Bad service. Very disappointed. Was not offered a bar seat but offerd to people after us. No big deal. After 20 min wait asked to be seated in the bar instead. While at the bar totally ignored by the bar tender while patrons beside us was catered 2-3 times. Was ready to walk out until he figured we were getting frustrated. Will never go back."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/scratch-kitchen-and-cocktails-norman?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]