[[{"review_id": "20X-9trYjT5viflpK0MIMw", "user_id": "SwudhktkRJ4kim3996dz-w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/16/2018", "text": "We left with a food baby. Proud dad is sheesh mahal. I will be expecting child support. All the dishes are a la carte. My friend ordered the buttered chicken curry, spicy rice, and garlic naan. I ordered the palak gosht (lamb with potato curry), spicy rice, and cheese naan. We decided to start with the gol gappay which comes with ten little things for $4. Gol gappay Is round, hollow puri, fried and filled with a mixture chili, chaat masala, potato, onion or chickpeas. I would definitely order those little things again. They're perfectly bite sized and CRISPY! But eat them quick because they come in a pool of sauce that will make them soggy. Our total was about $33 before tip.  The spicy rice isn't spicy so don't be afraid of a little flavor. Garlic bread is good but the cheese is my preference. Maybe they could combine the two and it would be a garlic cheese bread naan of perfection? My lamb was tender and well marinated. My friends butter chicken was savory. Crystal was our server and she was very attentive and sweet.I can't wait to come back and try more of their menu."}, {"review_id": "lUYQl6V7hNrk7426nGB-oA", "user_id": "LQ0TufDmx-xRz43h31Hkuw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/3/2018", "text": "Sheesh Mahal is my favorite Indian food in OKC. Everything I've had here was great and the service is always beyond excellent. I've dined in, ordered takeout and ordered online and never had a bad experience. I can't review many items on the menu because I always order the Tikka Masala, which is great. My favorite item here is probably the Naaan. It's so much better than the Naan at other restaurants in the area, it's incredibly fresh and always the highlight of the meal."}, {"review_id": "KCDjhQK5jNhMv8dOHVja7A", "user_id": "gthdAFBTwFeOrPZQKnlvUg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/12/2018", "text": "Alright, so first off, I literally can't even. I was EXTREMELY shocked to find this place in Oklahoma City. Being from California, I am used to a diverse population and did not seem to notice a lot of diversity at the gym, starbucks, 7-11, or my hotel before heading out for food. I looked at the normal DDD list, then at yelp trying to find a place nearby to eat, and saw that this place was highly rated on Yelp. I thought \"Indian Pakistani food in OKC? Sounds interesting\". I decided to take the gamble that I thought would result in a bad outcome and headed to this place. The first thing I noticed was how old the building was and thought \"ohhh potential\" since older buildings mean theyve been in business for a while, for a reason.I entered and immediately noticed that both the guy and gal working looked to be of Indian/Pakistani descent, then the cook came out and looked the same! Wow, I thought, this place must really be legit. I asked the main dude what he would recommend between the curry chicken or butter chicken. He recommended the butter chicken with spicy rice and their cheese bread (kinda pita tortilla like). Cool, I got this combo and it was like $14 with tip and sat down. HOLY heck, this was legitimately probably one of the best meals I have ever had (Note: I do a Cost Benefit analysis on everything including meals, so for $14 it was one of the best, but wouldn't compare it to Mastros $68 bone in rib-eye). The butter chicken didn't taste greasy and had a very delicious taste. The spicy rice was just as good and mixing the butter chicken with it was an absolute delight. The highpoint was the cheese bread, I completely forgot that it had cheese because it was so subtle! It came with this green avocado like sauce that paired very well with it, and could be dipped in the butter chicken as well for another unique flavor. Their service was very attentive and they were very friendly. I definitely couldnt finish even half of it and had to take the rest home. It seems like a really good and intimate place for a small family or a date as the room could probably sit maybe 30 people or so. I will definitely be back here when I go back to OKC for work."}, {"review_id": "xvyk_BpfKyVcx9umbryigg", "user_id": "Hi10sGSZNxQH3NLyWSZ1oA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/1/2018", "text": "A lot of people told me to come here, so I followed the crowd. They should rename it Sheep Mahal.I'm sorry, I didn't mean to mutton a bad word about Sheesh. I mean mutter. But I'm not a big fan. I was disappointed. I hate to say that because of the owner. The service is so nice, and the guy here really has his customer service skills down. He's good at explaining Pakistani food to people and making jokes and is very personal, and sociable. And punctual too. They told me there would be a 20-minute wait and they were exactly right. I braved it anyway because I wanted to check out this food, even though I was in a huge hurry.It's not cheap, but it's not too bad. I ordered a Chicken Curry because he told me it was wetter than the Karahi that I was thinking of trying. I ordered Chicken Tikka since the lamb kebab was a little expensive. And I also got Garlic Naan. That takes it up to well over $20.The curry was definitely one of the oiliest I've ever had. I'm absolutely in love with oily Curries, and I often will order a cardiac-challenged extra oily curry in America because they don't make them oily enough (like the Brits do), and therefore not wet and juicy enough. However, this Curry was a bit of a shock to the system because it seemed to be mostly oil and not really Curry. I liked it, but I didn't love it because the taste was more oil and not much curry flavour. The effect of the curry being this oily is that when you pour it over the rice, it looks like water more than Curry. Sometimes that's okay because the water tastes like Curry - and as I said I do love oily curry, but in this case it really just tasted like oil, which didn't taste like very much at all. And, I would definitely say it was bland. I ordered it eight out of ten spicy and let's be honest - this was more like a one out of ten. The chicken meat used wasn't the greatest, but the main problem was the absence of curry sauce. I know it was in there, but this just tasted a lot like oil.It was actually pretty good, but I know that if it had some curry paste, it would have been much better, and to see such an oily curry and get so excited (because it was oily and looked good!) and then taste it and have it only really taste of oil rather than curry, was a shame.The Garlic Naan was pretty good but not amazing. Still, it was tender and garlicky and I appreciate that. The Chicken Tikka was a little dry. It did taste good, but the dryness meant that I didn't really want to finish it - so I didn't. Altogether it was a $20 order and there wasn't much satisfaction. But there are some great elements here - like using a lot of oil, which usually is a good thing for curries. And wonderful customer service, and a great menu, so I do have love for this place even though I probably won't go back for more food. If I do, I'll try the Lamb Kebab and a different curry with 10 out of 10 spice, but I fully expect that to be bland too.However, when the service is this great, I have to give 4 stars."}, {"review_id": "uhH6o9I4uXeBHDJ-99As7g", "user_id": "p6D8jY4ipP3lSnZTHr8YzA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/31/2017", "text": "Sheesh Mahal is definitely worth the try! Everything is so reasonably priced, the service is just awesome and the food is delicious!!I've tried and loved their Curry Chicken, Butter Chicken, Tikka Masala and Keema. I highly recommend getting your food with their cheese naan, so yummm! They also give you complimentary tea at the beginning, which my husband is obsessed with. You can order your meal spicy or not, I always go for the not... haha. Give Sheesh Mahal a try!"}, {"review_id": "b-xuRAt_KYA4rTYXgpFMoA", "user_id": "LzjeCC-VPFdoz494dFUVgw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "The Food here is amazing, and the staff is really pleasant as well. The atmosphere is really nice for a lunch with your significant other or a few friends. I was happy to find this place give it a try you will not regret it."}, {"review_id": "E878l7rJNnkk0jlk00ghuQ", "user_id": "PHL1lwOB04s-8PYp5H5Rgg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/23/2018", "text": "This place looks a little like a converted Grandy's but it is worth the visit.The food is pretty good! The naan is huge and fluffy and perfect.The true gem is the staff. They are all smiles, free hot tea, and kind hearts. There was a handicapped man eating at the table next to me who was struggling with his food. Shortly after, a staff member came by, and proceeded to cut this man's food into bite size pieces so that he could pick it up easily.They have vanilla coke on tap-which is a rarity in OKC and so fun to have."}, {"review_id": "fI0Io953rLkY6zJaE8tM2A", "user_id": "yeu2RctJekTo2APMHpXS2g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/25/2017", "text": "My husband and I have a usual favorite indian food place in the city but after reading Yelp reviews and talking about it at one of the elite events, I figured okay I better try this place out...I got it to go but the 2 minutes I was in there I was offered a mint tea to go and the guy checked the order himself which I always like when employees do that. It makes it seem like they care AND there is never anything you leave without! The customer service was superb from what little bit I got to experience!Everything is a la carte which actually is a good deal as their prices are super reasonable. Their pita breads are huge! bigger than the size of your head i'm not even kidding! yet, my husband and I both manages to eat one each.. their pita bread was delish! we got two orders of basmati rice and had leftovers of that - their rice was good just sort of dry not as moist as it could have been in my opinion. I got the chicken korma is was pretty decent.. my husband got some sort of curry chicken he tried mine and said he would definitely get mine next time.. I forgot to request white meat rather than dark so I wish I would've remembered that. Apparently from reviews I need to try the butter chicken! next visit i'll try the butter chicken as this place was pretty good and i'd definitely return."}, {"review_id": "Wlrfa7Q7oYAEnBmqQWNUXA", "user_id": "uU4kW8eNwga05oKpPTxI7w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "7/24/2017", "text": "After craving this for so long, we finally found an afternoon to try it! I can see why this place has such good reviews. Very casual atmosphere and the food speaks for itself.Palak paneer - fresh ingredients and good flavor. it paired great with the cheese nan we ordered. This was my cousins choice and she loved it. Chicken tikka masala - flavorful and slightly spicy. loved the flavors and the chicken was bite sized, but not dry. Masala rice - the cilantro flavors in this are present but not overwhelming. It was nice they gave a green cilantro sauce to go with it if you want more of a punch. Overall great food, great prices and great portions. we ended up taking home leftovers to enjoy the next day."}, {"review_id": "j6aaAh-6zP1D_UfG5g2mFA", "user_id": "I_6or9vQiL9qoSz5PuW4fg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "7/18/2017", "text": "Oh my word, you must go. If you're even teetering on the thought of not going then let my words guide you to a delightful oasis of flavor. Food: yes. So good. The menu is al a cart which threw me off at first, but for $13 I got naan, butter chicken and white rice. The portions are made for people who love to eat, so either bring your appetite or leave half of it at home for what you'll eat tomorrow. I love butter chicken, it's probably the reason I love Indian food, and their glorious rendition is everything I dreamed it would beService: so stinking good. Complementary mint tea when we sat down, always refilled our waters, explained the food and sauces to us, checked up on us, seriously fantastic. Atmosphere: it's definitely relaxed, not a ton of people when we ate here (Monday night). It doesn't look like much on the outside, but it's everything I want in an Indian restaurant. They have patio seating if you're brave enough to sit in the heat. Overall: excellent excellent excellent. I now have another restaurant battling for the top spot on my favorites list!"}, {"review_id": "o_ZrtTtJ5d9mJ_Wq4V2Q-w", "user_id": "_n87Vqgr-pRgUIlGzmutxA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/1/2018", "text": "Quick, order at a counter serviceI came here because multiple others suggested they had good vegan optionsI asked if they had vegan, they suggested a entree... then asked me if I ate dairy (no), if I wanted chicken or cheese on it (um, no...) and finally when I verified there was no butter in it they had to change the order to omit the butterI'm just writing this so others in my situation will know to be very specific and ask questions if you have a special dietThe food was really good; a bit spicy even though I asked for low spice; bathrooms were not very clean to the point it bothered me to think about the kitchen etcOverall extremely friendly people, tasty food, and  low cost - but the dirty bathrooms and confusing vegan ordering made me deduct a star"}, {"review_id": "b_m9U8XUnARo8f3CH-FLcA", "user_id": "XZs7jjo4Exa7Uv_xIvOK8g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/2/2017", "text": "I adore Sheesh Mahal. Friendly service and absolutely delicious food. Mostly, I've taken friends and colleagues with me, as my kids don't tolerate heat very well (weenies). But tonight I felt I deserved butter chicken and more, and decided my kids should be initiated more fully into the best of the OKC food scene.I ordered what seemed to be the least spicy plates on the menu, but it took us a while during dinner to hit our stride in terms of what my kids really liked. Once they discovered the naan, the grilled chicken, and the white rice (really branching out, kids), they were sold. So much so, I joked that goofballs like them were responsible for the advent of monotheism several millennia ago, when God had to make it clear to the human race that it's not okay to worship your cheesy naan.If you haven't been, my suggestion would be to order many different dishes and share them. I'm partial to the papri chaat, which you might not be inclined to try unless a dinner companion offered you a taste. Branch out! Try the (cold, refreshing) chaat. Have naan- just don't idolize it as my son did. Get extra rice, maybe a plain zeera rice and a green masala rice. Order the butter chicken and risk never being satisfied elsewhere forever after. I don't know what other chicken my kids ordered tonight (which came out on a cast iron plate sizzling with sautéed onions, peppers, and tomatoes), but it was fantastic, too.... says this normally chicken squeamish mama.Sheesh Mahal is cozy and genuine, the kind of place where you're offered tea as soon as you take a seat. It's not fashionable or trendy, which is awesome. That means diners are there for the right reasons- an interest in and a taste for a delicious (halal) meal. I think I would be sad if the restaurant underwent a face lift- I like it just the way it is."}, {"review_id": "z-g06puaHAeVFgiTsiyrYw", "user_id": "7zN3TR-QK58s8YeYgPtU-g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/11/2018", "text": "I am shocked I haven't rated this yet. My favorite Indian food restaurant, or I guess I should technically say Pakistani. It is soooooo good. Seriously, eat there...or I'll come hunt you down...and then tell you that you should eat there. That is if you typically like that style of food in the first place. Friendly workers too and they always give you free tea."}, {"review_id": "ELHIJqHGon3_HIKgsmfGRA", "user_id": "nteL0Iha7mBVw_zwOWGpdA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "10/23/2017", "text": "If I had to write this review with one emoji it would be the deadpan emoji.. you know, the -___- one? Because that's pretty much how I felt after eating at Sheesh Mahal. After all the hype and the rave reviews I was hoping to be wowed..and I wasn't. It wasn't bad, but it most definitely wasn't great. It wasn't amazingly flavorful, but it wasn't bland either. Everything about Sheesh Mahal just felt, dare I say it, mediocre. Jeff M. and I shared the Dum Beef, Butter Chicken, Veggie Biryani and the Beef Keema Naan. The best dish we had was the Butter Chicken. It wasn't that bright orange creamy color that you would expect Butter Chicken to be, but the creaminess and mild spice was all there. It was the perfect comfort food and paired so well with the veggie rice. All the other dishes felt a little underwhelming though. I felt the Dum Beef in particular lacked in flavor. At first bite there was plenty of flavor but then I realized it was almost like the beef cubes were tossed around in the curry instead of getting a chance to REALLy marinate in the spices and soak up the masala. The beef was also a bit on the tough, well-done side. Maybe it was just our batch? The Keema Naan was decent although I'm not sure it was worth the price. I will say though that both the curries were packed with meat unlike other Indian restaurants in the city where you have to fish around for a piece of chicken in a sea of curry. In fact all the dishes had more than enough for two people. We were full and still had leftovers to take home. The food is fairly priced, although just a warning, the curries don't come with a side of rice. You will have to order rice separately.Customer service is great! All in all, its not my first choice for Indian/Pakistani food but it could be that we just chose the wrong dishes. I'd be willing to give it another shot."}, {"review_id": "aXn2CIi5mjlTh5NDmUQrAA", "user_id": "H1HrOjuateWHg1p4CrsD_A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/3/2018", "text": "Sheesh Mahal has the nicest staff in town- period. I have never once encountered anyone with a less than an incredibly kind attitude at Sheesh! Not to mention their butter chicken and naan is unmatched. So delicious and everything tastes so fresh and home made! Really great for both first timers and seasoned Indian food lovers."}, {"review_id": "pCvdINTapG7hdHyWT4FEGA", "user_id": "Q5zC1O53G1vu-Oibp9erwg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/14/2018", "text": "First time going. Very relaxed attitude. Nice clean place. Offers complimentary tea, though I like mine a bit sweeter lol, food was very nice, tried new things. I do wish the chicken biryani was not so greasy and the prices of chicken in it a bit smaller but it tasted good all the same and was the right amount of spice. Can't remember what was in the green sauce but it tasted excellent with our food. Chicken tiki masla was excellent. Delicious nan bread."}, {"review_id": "BsZt4lpSu0ywbxTuMK7Udw", "user_id": "UfmfnIB7bDbGQqkeI66vzw", "rating": 2.0, "date": "10/1/2017", "text": "We were here last week for dinner. The place was old but it had good crowd and quick friendly service. The prices were low as well compared to other places in town.The reason for two stars, both chicken and rice in biryani turned out to be too dry. Sauce/gravy in chicken Yilma masala was probably made if some cream and good colors. We took the Tikka masala Togo and by the next day we could see the oil/ cream and colored chicken as separated layers. Also both I and my wife had upset stomach the next morning. Not going back to this place ever."}, {"review_id": "ET3CYKdf_S7mDi_Kl8SDZw", "user_id": "cBxYWLHdmu-BDJXimefg4g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/21/2018", "text": "First time to Sheesh Mahal, our daughter and son in law's favorite restaurant!!  The food was delicious and we will definitely return!!"}, {"review_id": "wopCD9Yy-T8MOGQU7N785A", "user_id": "jhQ7e86l4iVnIeftIReIhA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/11/2018", "text": "This restaurant has been around okc for a while but we finally tried it and have been coming back for more. The food is so good and full of flavor!! The price is great as well. You also get free tea with your meal and it's good!"}, {"review_id": "mowxBqtfArYCVyVUzQFHYg", "user_id": "yP2Yyjtzjk0NffjVZMaJwQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/20/2017", "text": "This place is fantastic! Came here with a group of 7 for Thursday night dinner. Small place but no problem getting a table. Usually you order and pay first thing after walking in, then sit down. We sat first and decided to do family style and just have the waiter pick a good variety for us. This was way easier for a group and let us try a TON of dishes for a total of $13/person, and that was with each of us eating til we were way past full and still having three meals worth to take home for leftovers. Here were some things that stoodout:-Tikka Masala was my fave! Super creamy curry sauce-naan stuffed with cheese and meat-Spicy rice and cilantro garlic rice-Complimentary mint/honey/cinnamon teaInfo on other stuff we had:-butter chicken is a good go-to if you've never had indian-aloo gobi: cauliflower and potatoes in a ginger/garlic/tumeric sauce, pretty spicy-fish tikka: barbecued fish! good and different way to eat fish-palak paneer: oily spinach with homemade squeaky cheese-complimentary rice pudding dessertWhen in doubt, just take their recommendations! Staff are super friendly and take good care of you here. Can't beat the price. We'll be back!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/sheesh-mahal-oklahoma-city?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]