[[{"review_id": "xlx9-IuY9rXdvOZT3k3T6g", "user_id": "8FlIr4L0F3ehgo4-G4Yj2Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Donuts are often overwhelming with sweetness with a bizarre glaze taste. Pip's changed my opinion! Why can't all donuts be as amazing as the donuts here?We ordered a dozen donuts with four different flavors - honey, nutella, bacon, and cinnamon. They were all full of flavor, warm and fluffy. I would recommend eating at Pip's to enjoy the freshness of the donuts. We came on a Monday morning and the place was already busy, but it went by quickly. I may have to come back to Pip City for these donuts! Worth the hype!"}, {"review_id": "XVOJtsUBi1EV3EA_9Xy74g", "user_id": "Wk6PRBf6dmCpt29Bp81Mxw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "Blue star and voodoo ain't got nothing on Pip's!Can I please give this a 6 star? It was that AMAZING! So my boyfriend held out on me and wanted to save the best for last. We started off with voodoo and I found it to be too sweet. Then went to blue star and I thought it was pretty good. Ended with this and thought I was in heaven. We ordered twelve donuts two of each flavors. My favorite was the strawberry ruhbarb then the raw honey and salt. Also, ordered their chai tea (forgot the name but it had green tea and spices in it). Both of it paired very well! Before we left, we picked up another dozen because we couldn't get enough of it !"}, {"review_id": "TGm6Nf6YZ4_iWkJl592Clg", "user_id": "xl1cjzo1ngjfCfbrOljmQw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Voodoo is perfect for fun options. Blue star is a great spot for upscale flavors. But Pip's tops them both with their mini donuts and handful of flavors. They're light inside and packed with flavor. I didn't want to get the classic cinnamon and sugar because it seemed so common, but this turned out to be one of the best. I also really enjoyed the raw honey and salt. You can't skip the chais either, as if anybody else needed to say how good they were. I had the Ginger and the Heart of Gold. Both were unique and full of flavor without being too herbal. Plenty of tables to accommodate the constant line of people. There's also plenty of street parking in the surrounding area to make things easy."}, {"review_id": "LEFvnzkVuyxaRZfpwONANg", "user_id": "LnAB7XBder17XNfrBEb7Mg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "Finally had a chmace to enjoy Pip's and had high expectations...For a Saturday at 11am, the line went by quickly and waited 20 minutes, ordered a dozen and flight of chai. The order came out in 10 minutes and by then seats began opening up, by noon less of a line and plenty of seats. They also call your name so you can pick up your order too which is convenient so you don't have to keep waiting. Each donut is hand made, and the outside is crispy with a little crunch then a soft inside. The best thing is that if you are tired of overly sugary donuts or where you can taste the oil, these are great for you! The donuts themselves are flavored with spices like nutmeg, cardamom, and vanilla- original, selections. The donuts are not oily and you can really taste the toppings or flavors you get too. They really are best fresh!The chai flight is a great intro to their drinks and a variety for the first time! You can get them either hot or iced and while I got them iced, the ice did dilute some of the flavor as time went on and at times could not taste the flavors because it would taste more like plain chai. So next time will try a drink without ice and that is also recommended on the chai flight menu that describes each drink.For the first time, it was a great experience and will have to come back dor my birthday and when other seasonal flavors are in. This time for May it was strawberry rhubarb!"}, {"review_id": "YTxZmi2ycTZuQ8hnLzdn9w", "user_id": "aU1N3Lr4ojXrKBIG1Kpp8g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "This place is really hyped. Over 1000 reviews to Yelp and I'm adding to it. The donuts are really good but I would not wait more than 10-15 minutes for them. This place reminds me of Mighty O in Seattle with a neighborhood vibe. The base doughnut is all the same. It is just different toppings on them. My favorite today was the cinnamon sugar and the banana cream surprisingly. Freshly fried, the donuts are a bit crispy. I don't know if they would hold up well for later but lots of people getting to go.Expensive. For 6 donuts I paid $1 each. For 12 donuts it is only $2 more so the pricing is incentived to have you order more. I see a lot of people ordering the flights but I opted for the Ginger Rogers. This is supposed to be their spicy chai but it was not spicy at all. The chai is sweet and doesn't really have the flavors listed on the board. Perhaps he gave me the wrong drink?Between the chai and donuts I am on sugar overload. I recommend skipping the chai and ordering some drip coffee to help cut the sweetness."}, {"review_id": "mXG9XAGREZLI__kkMD2Tog", "user_id": "4ORZMxO814akJnLhL1sf_Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "Mini donuts? I'm there!I got a little too excited and greedy, so I ordered a dozen for two people. We were able to split up the dozen to different flavors, so I was excited to try as many as I could. In our dozen, we tried the candied bacon, nutella and sea salt, dirty wu, and cinnamon sugar. My favorite had to be the cinnamon sugar - sweet and simple! Nothing overwhelming and it paired the chai very well. The others were a little too much for me, but still good. Just can't have more than one! All the donuts were super fluffy and every bite was heaven! Definitely gotta come back and get my hands on the chai flight too! :)"}, {"review_id": "KZuIjh8503TcsXVMXiNXOQ", "user_id": "c4wRqAEQqM-Eex-W3o2b6w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "The donuts here are as close to perfection as it gets. Small and hot with crispy edges and a pillowy interior. Try all the different toppings they have, they are all delicious. I especially liked the banana cream! We also got the chai flight, which was fun to try! The Smokey chai was a little heavy on the smoke for my taste. My favorites were the lavender scented herbal chai, the the coconut chai. My only request would be that they offer a \"baseline\" masala chai in addition to their unique offerings. This is a definitely a must-visit if you are in the area!"}, {"review_id": "IknYuaHE2xxXzhbf0-egQA", "user_id": "y0EK2s4f7Pm3Kt2KVhEGMw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "Mini donuts!! And freshly baked as well! My friends and I shared a dozen mini donuts and each got a chai latte. The donuts aren't too sweet on their own, especially the banana and vanilla ones. They just have a dollop of banana or vanilla flavored cream. The cinnamon flavored ones are my personal favorite.  My friends liked the honey drizzle one as well.Their chai is pretty good, although more on the sweet side than spicy. So that's up to personal preference (I prefer sweeter with a hint of spice). They have a ton of options to choose from, so you can easily deviate from the normal chai you get at a coffee shop.COME DURING YOUR BIRTHDAY WEEK! You get a free dozen mini donuts if you show ID."}, {"review_id": "BGYKDB8z5jLkwnu1i2dzXA", "user_id": "0b8Rn44mJrAEaScO7Z53bw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "Pip's is so unique as it focuses on chai rather than coffee. I'm not a coffee drinker so this place was right up my alley. The best part is that their chai is actually really good! I had the chai flight and was able to try each blend. They were not the normal chai than you would have at regular cafes. I listed my opinion and ratings below:1. Ginger Rodgers: An all around balance of flavors that was not too spicy nor too sweet. This had a taste that reminded me of most of the kind you would find at outside cafes. It was my favorite!2. Emmylou: It was very light, sweet, and caffeine free. I loved the notes of lavender!3. King and I: Very pleased to taste the thai tea that was infused in this blend. 4. Heart of Gold: You can really taste the coconut and tumeric and which is a strong spice. Though pleasant, it was a bit overbearing.5. Smoky Robinson: You definitely will agree that the chai tastes smokey. I'm not a fan of smokey flavors in general. It reminds me too much of bacon and therefore, this was my least favorite. The doughnuts were very airy and were a nice balance with the chai. The seasonal flavor, banana cream was my favorite. As well as the honey drizzle and cinnamon sugar."}, {"review_id": "TvUdFjLoTtKBlgKt0wmjiA", "user_id": "drzW920Yf74ydnfVVVThkw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/10/2018", "text": "I have to say, I am extremely impressed by the taste of Pip's donuts here along with the Chai.  I have tried Voodoo Donuts and Blue Star Donuts and this place definitely trumps the other two.  We ordered a dozen so two of each of the cinnamon sugar, raw honey and sea salt, nutella and sea salt, candied bacon maple, dirty wu (cinnamon sugar with nutella and honey) and the banana.  These donuts were small and were only bite size so amongst two of us, 12 small donuts were sufficient.  The Chai was really different from what I have tasted, it was a tad spicy and smokey with cinnamon and vanilla.  If I lived here, I would come here at least once a week for my sweet tooth.  FYI 1: For your birthday, they give you free donuts!  FYI 2: Check in YELP for a discount.FYI 3: Line can get long so come early!  They close at 4pm!"}, {"review_id": "AIrjJs7XsgvGeEZJ4icctA", "user_id": "rTpX-Rkb2e90itDkCW1ulg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/25/2018", "text": "Pip's is the one place I visited twice during my recent trip to Portland. There was a line out the door both times I visited, but the doughnuts were well worth the wait in the cold and sleet! They're reminiscent of Boonfly's doughnuts in Napa. I'd recommend the dirty wu and raw honey! I also tried their seasonal meyer lemon and pear, but it was too tangy for my taste. I enjoyed their Japanese garden (matcha with emmylou chai) and heart of gold chai. All coffee (and I believe \"other drinks\") sizes are the same price! Prices are already reasonable, but with Yelp's 20% off with check in, you might as well order to your heart's desire because you probably don't want to wait in that line again. We over-ordered and took some home - of course they weren't quite the same but were still enjoyable when heated up. Despite the endless lines, they were so friendly behind the counter! Though it was busy, we were able to find a seat each time. Would not hesitate to return next time I'm in Portland."}, {"review_id": "Gju8_sUPfAW_FtkHzLlkRQ", "user_id": "zn70PhXYTU56znyMbJvfeg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/16/2018", "text": "I admit to being a bit of a donut snob; and I rarely write five star reviews, but after only two visits to Pips (in two weeks,) I must. I lived in this neighborhood 25 years ago; less than a block from this gem hidden in the middle of a strip mall. I'm glad to see how far the neighborhood has come, but glad I do not live within walking distance now.Parking is difficult on weekday mornings. I can't imagine what it must be like on weekends. I managed to find a spot on a side street only a half block away both times. There is a cross walk directly in front of the shop, which is convenient and necessary. If you like cake donuts you will be in heaven here. I love cake donuts and especially appreciate small portions, so I had high hopes for this place. Usually when I have high hopes for a place, I'm very disappointed. My first visit was late morning on a Wednesday. They were not crowded, with only few people in line. Ordering was quick and easy. The menu is simple and well laid out. The shop is nicely decorated with a \" quaint hometown\" feel. The staff was pleasant and efficient. They have Pips souvenirs for sale, but they seemed a little too touristy priced for my taste. My second visit was at nearly noon on Friday. The line was almost to the door, but it moved quickly. I was ordering in just over ten minutes, and in another 15 or so my order was ready. There is a short wait for the donuts because each order is made fresh while you wait. They are fried but there is no trace of grease to be found on any of the donuts or even in the cardboard box they come in. I highly recommend getting the variety of flavors because they are all very good and surprisingly not what you  might expect."}, {"review_id": "a2fvq9vZKy-VCGqnKfT0_w", "user_id": "_oicwXdBKEE7vSfU5YV52A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/17/2018", "text": "Here is a list of things I generally do not like:-40 minute waits-donuts-bacon (not sorry)AND YETPips was 100% worth the hype, and the maple bacon one was my favorite, with the Nutella one in second place (what?!). Seriously delicious!We also got the chai tea that was Thai tea and it wasn't too sweet, and paired perfectly with the donuts. I would 100% come back (but maybe come earlier to avoid the lines)"}, {"review_id": "jgxJkjxNsqyYQB_-vnDYqQ", "user_id": "HB6o_0Cb1WO4hC9YMs8ydg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/22/2018", "text": "Donuts - 5 stars Chai - 2 stars Matcha - pending Coffee - pending Donuts pretty much don't get any better than Pips.  They are small.  They are hot.  They are sweet and salty and sometimes creamy.  They pretty much are perfection.  And they give you a free dozen on or immediately after your birthday - seriously, if you can't go on your birthday, you can go up to 7 days later!  That's super generous.  I HATE waiting in line for breakfast and I waited in line for these donuts. On my most recent trip, I finally got to order the flight of chai.  I was underwhelmed.  I will grant you a) my family-in-law is Indian, so I'm used to a very particular (STRONG and SPICY) variety of chai and b) I had this built up in my mind...a LOT.  But meh, it wasn't for me.  My husband and I agreed that we both liked the Ginger Rogers the best, but I think I might need to give Ginger a black eye* next time to really enjoy it...though I'm more likely to try a spicy coffee latte or a matcha latte instead. Disclaimer in advance: I've never liked matcha, but their menu and popularity make me willing to give it another try...* black eye refers to adding a shot of espresso to a chai, also called a dirty chai"}, {"review_id": "80jLKnv8ly7NLV_lH6NlTg", "user_id": "vS4XdfR48NQ8A91O72YdBw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/6/2018", "text": "Long lines on weekend mornings, but nothing I wouldn't wait in for some chai and mini doughnuts. My fiancé and future brother In law got loads of doughnuts, and I got the \"King and I\" Chai. So flavorful and it gave me all the fuzzies. We got to try each of their donuts, and their seasonal Meyer lemon one, which I was not a fan of. I would easily come back here again! Great staff, ambiance, and food!"}, {"review_id": "s3yjkiv4loZftLSRNu0AZw", "user_id": "45xyZZz7lGrXiwz8KN55lQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "Didn't get the full experience since we just tried the food cart at the Saturday night market, but these little doughnuts were delightful! The cinnamon-sugar was classic and delicious, and the Nutella ones were also scrumptious! Nutella-sea-salt and honey ones were also quite unique and good. Liked the honey ones better (sea-salt was a bit too distinct for me!). Would love to go to the original location to try the chai tea flight, as well!"}, {"review_id": "RqCfIid-llfvr9k3i3tj9g", "user_id": "UaPKX1z-pAl7gegTK6DfyA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/16/2018", "text": "Out with the healthy and in with the good! Well, that's what I would say here because I don't even normally like donuts, but Pips takes it for a spin! There's no other place I've been to that specializes in donuts and chai together. It's like yin and yang meet for the first time.Be a total fattie and sample all the flavors. That's what I did. No regrets."}, {"review_id": "01mFmakjr4kOkwtKScRVvw", "user_id": "6vtm4qeEmDBH3nynXZ7Tjw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "Everything was delicious!! The coffee was good. Everyone working there was friendly. Both my husband and I's favorite was the Nutella donuts. Definitely looking forward to going back!!Don't forget to check in and get the discount!!"}, {"review_id": "uT2e0pSLq9O0ZhfzSsMQ_g", "user_id": "F35EfllQK5b3bi4KKteX-w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "What's not too like about piping hot miniture donuts! Seasonal flavor was banana custard and you only get a dollop of that so that only ok for me. The yummier tastier flavors were the cinnamon sugar, The Dirty Wu (cinnamon sugar, honey, Nutella, and sea salt). The candied bacon maple was yum too. Chai tea made in house and many choices to choose from. Get a flight to try them all. A bit pricey for tiny donuts but these aren't typical donuts you can get at your donut shop. Check in on Yelp and save 20%"}, {"review_id": "aDShZq9oHT7xn0nB_L6zJQ", "user_id": "ZLnmZ9eQiobM-PQ76Y2Riw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/1/2018", "text": "Utter perfection. I mean, freshly baked donuts is just one of the great joys of life and Pip's has it down to an art form. I was super looking forward to trying Pip's (barely made it to the airport for our flight) but it was worth it. There was a huge line out the door when we went (with good reason) and the line moves slow (made fresh to order) but stick around and eat them right away to get the best flavor. Nobody likes an old donut. They offer a free dozen donuts if you come within a week of your birthday so we were able to score on my husband's birthday. They are small so get 2 of each flavor to try everything!NUTELLA & SEA SALT: Self explanatory right? Nutella is good on everything so this was no exception. The dusting of sea salt didn't really do much for me since Nutella overwhelmed everything else but it was quite delicious. LEMON CURD (pear and Meyer lemon, almond, cardamon, vanilla, nutmeg): This one didn't taste as good mainly because the lemon curd was just so sour. I generally like lemon curd too! This was was just way too acidic and probably my least favorite one. RAW HONEY & SEA SALT: Another pretty self explanatory combination. Raw honey and pink himalayan salt. You can't really go wrong with this duo. The only thing I didn't like about this donut was the fact that the donut didn't really absorb the honey and kind of melted off the donut so I wasn't getting a huge burst of honey flavor. CINNAMON & SUGAR (raw organic cane sugar, cinnamon): This was delicious! But honestly how can you go wrong with cinnamon and sugar! It's an iconic combo for a reason and it was really tasty. THE DIRTY WU (cinnamon/sugar, raw honey, Nutella, sea salt):  This donut was named one of the 12 best donuts in America by Huffington Post and with good reason! This was our favorite donut out of all the ones we tried. Absolutely mind-blowing and definitely one to order again!CANDIED BACON (house made candied bacon maple jam, maple syrup): I personally did not like this donut as much but I'm not a huge fan of candied bacon to begin with. My husband liked it but he also likes anything with meat so it made sense that he would enjoy this. The only thing that I would change about these donuts is maybe changing up the batter for some of the flavors. They all have the same base. It's just the topping thats different so it might be worth while to change up some of the batters. But cake donuts are always going to be fantastic in my book! Make sure you visit when you're in Portland! 4/5"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/pips-original-doughnuts-and-chai-portland?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]