[[{"review_id": "HPrGt7UaR33hapeDWIFP2Q", "user_id": "2jRCrhVxQTjn0sZBZ_R3IQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "It's the little things that makes Broder such a cool place to eat.I dropped by Broder Cafe on a weekday after opening, so I was able to avoid the typical brunch rush hour.  I ordered a cup of coffee while I waited for my food, and got a glass mug along with a jar of sugar cubes, and wait for it...warmed cream.  I was about to compliment this nice touch, but a customer a table down beat me to it. \"Ohmygodyouwarmthemilk?!\" she exclaimed as she cuddled the small pitcher.  Knowing I'd never top that, I nodded in agreement.Onto the food, I opted for the Broder Bord, a \"bord\" of various delicacies: rye toast, crispbread, cured salmon, hard-boiled egg, cheeses, a cucumber/sardine mix, parfait, and a cookie.  All items were arranged in a most-photogenic way, but luckily these components were also very good.  Deciding how to tackle the plate was fun in itself.  I asked about the aquavit tastings mentioned on the tabletop.  Turns out it's a Scandinavian spirit spiced primarily by caraway or dill.  Not wanting to get wasted before my conference I passed on trying a flight, but my curiosity was piqued.  There are a number of bottles lining Broder's walls.  Another time perhaps.It's hard to resist the different bits that make up the charm of eating at Broder.  I would definitely come back to try out the Danish pancakes."}, {"review_id": "_RsJCBhLBiCbYc1iMeBtOQ", "user_id": "jAgW5aAKHHwAixielm2gmA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/16/2018", "text": "We stopped by for breakfast on our way into the city.  A friend suggested this location, and, boy are we happy he did!  We had a short 10-15 minute wait for our party of 4.  The staff was friendly and inviting and offered suggestions.  We were all very happy with our choices.Not a drop of food left on anyone's plate!  My husband and I had the bloody, it was spicy and tasty.  The food was plated well, great portions but most of all, delicious!  The location is small, so during the week worked well for us.  I will be back! *I'll post photos soon!"}, {"review_id": "OU3qQ_GIJA4XazVeE2KarA", "user_id": "tXy_y1V-YjboaLR69U450A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/30/2018", "text": "I will vow to visit Broder Cafe every time I visit Portland. Boyfriend and I had the Abelskiver (Danish pancakes) and Pytt I Pann- Swedish Hash (beer-braised beef short rib and ham with diced potatoes, onions, and bell peppers). I definitely want to try everything on their menu, but I can't ever not order the two things listed above when I go. Seriously, I'll dream of Broder while I'm here in LA. AH, not to mention-- I LOVE the fact that they served the cream for the coffee hot and frothy!"}, {"review_id": "tqtExxt4apZdfCkkruXg9A", "user_id": "PGJ4eb-8tmvea3XzqIdc_Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/15/2018", "text": "Had some Scandinavian brunch and I was not disappointed! The restaurant is on the tinier side so I can easily this place being packed on the weekend. Luckily, we managed to get a table without a wait. We came here with for aebleskiver and like all the reviews mentioned, it was amazing! I love the lemon curd dip that came along with it. Think of it like pancake in a ball form. I ordered the salmon trout hash and that was super good too. My stomach almost exploded from trying to eat both dishes.Our service was excellent too making the experience great. I highly recommend this place!"}, {"review_id": "gXBURzPQIUKrpswOeWniYg", "user_id": "x7o_Lhw4PaG3TNhzrVghQQ", "rating": 2.0, "date": "12/19/2017", "text": "I really feel like my great experience here was ruined when the server approached us about the tips. We had our check split with 3 cards and 2/3 cards we left a tip. 3rd card didnt leave a tip because she didn't have enough money in her card to leave a good tip. He approached us passively and aggressively about why we didnt leave a tip on the 3rd card. She didn't want to tip and he started berrating us how they work hard for the money and how we should tip. I also remember him calling us indecent human beings, and just continuously judging us. (The server has tattoos) Yes we understand the food and service is top notch. The food was amazing, the ambience and just everything. However I dont think the server should be coming outside to confront us so rudely because we didn't tip on one card. I felt judged and embarrassed but our friend shouldn't be forced to tip. The argument with the server just ruined our mood because I really liked this place. If you don't feel like tipping for any reason like budget reasons, DONT TIP. You are not forced to."}, {"review_id": "BIiYTqIZ7Gx5x3natledwg", "user_id": "5BenmdBgBdbfPxT40RHe0A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/12/2018", "text": "Since Broder is like, the hip new THING, and I'm kind of, like, a queue Nazi, I got up at the ass-crack of dawn one weekend day in order to not have to wait in line for this place. And behold! My brilliant plan worked! No wait!And whaddaya know, the food is killer. Now that I know what the fuss is about, I mill around outside guzzling black coffee on the reg, waiting for the hordes to clear enough to make a spot for me at the bar.I'm a real mark for Broder's lost eggs, and will recommend them for anyone's first time at this Mecca for Scandinavian brunch and general hygge hipsterdom. Those looking for something on the lighter side should, in all honesty, look elsewhere - but the trio of toasts is a pretty decent bet if you're hoping to do something besides lie around and digest after your meal.Gluten or dairy free folk, or vegans/vegetarians are gonna have a bad time here, but accommodations can be made if you work hard and believe in yourself. And frankly, the grub is so good it's worth a deviation from your diet du jour so long as you're not risking life or limb.The place gets a one-star demerit for their excessively disorganized queue management - if you wander more than two feet from the door you get booted from the list, and the hosts are really terrible about underestimating your wait times. You can expect to wait up to two hours - no matter what the person at the door tells you. And, you can't make reservations, or ask them to text you when your table is ready. There's no bar to wait at and very limited seating for the hungry crowds.But if you've got an amusing dining companion to kick it with, and no pressing obligations, the wait can be surprisingly pleasant."}, {"review_id": "ejnJ1ztVuMUVndsOlF1c3w", "user_id": "NzfRfep91shG7Ue-kvj-gw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/27/2017", "text": "We finally got inside after a bit of wait in the rain. There was free coffee outside, as well as a Portland horse project figurine across the cafe! Do check it out bc its a rare find.I absolutely loved The Lost Egg here. I'd love to eat it again someday as it was my favorite brunch spot in Portland. The food came out hot in the skillet and I loved how the cheese softly stretched out to tangle into my fork for a nice, hearty bite. Super creamy and perfect balance of meat with the eggs to ensure an egg-heavy taste, which I very much appreciated. None of the flavors felt overpowering and I thoroughly enjoyed every bite of it. Loved the toasted, crunchy texture added on top of the dish. I was once lost egg but found egg. Gracious portions (but I'm sure one can eat all of this alone). We also got the trout egg scramble which looked appealing but was not nearly as good."}, {"review_id": "v6oxtsVpzL1ZR8ycP-jNww", "user_id": "qAm4vdfDiVkdXTQHd3Z0Zw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/11/2018", "text": "I absolutely love this place! The food was absolutely amazing the service was even better. I highly recommend this place specially if you love breakfast just like me. I would definitely come back to this place.We got here at 2 PM and everything has died down so we made it just-in-time. But what I heard is if you go around breakfast time the line is ridiculous. Obviously for a reason because food is amazing. I would definitely come back!"}, {"review_id": "f1MNC-z94b4yQZAwqudWlg", "user_id": "v4CHQNTTsRC8vV337by-4Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/16/2017", "text": "Once again, PDX is doing it right. I didn't get to drop by when I was in town for the first time 3 months ago, but promised to the next time. The next time was yesterday. Definitely worth the wait. I started my day off with a one hour deep tissue massage. Of course I was starving right after. This seemed the appropriate spot to hit up. It was a bit busy when we got there since it was prime brunch time. We got super lucky as there happened to be a table for 4 that just cleared up. I started off with the mulled wine. They serve it with shaves of walnut. Honestly, it didn't make that much of a difference, but I love mulled wine to begin with so of course I killed that cup. I knew I had to try the Sigur Rosé so I got one after everyone got their drinks. Food: I got the baked egg with smoked trout.My friend got the lost eggs and we split. Hers ended up being better than mine so I'm glad we decided to share. Halfway through our meal, Skylar mentioned how much better my dish was mixed with potato pancake. So I legitimately stopped eating and ordered one. I continued after the pancake arrived. Sky was baffled that I stopped. I mean duh you said it'd taste better so of course I needed to see for myself. He was right. It was amazing. WOW is all I can say. I'm going to have eggs with potato pancake for the rest of time. After everything was said and done, my tab was $25. A damn bargain. I'm definitely coming back for second breakfast."}, {"review_id": "Ht5QFh78Hg0-aGkPxUpKdA", "user_id": "5R4RuHqbci5zZyeTuAVmVQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/13/2018", "text": "Delicious food crafted (and presented) with care.  Arrived at about 8:45 on a Saturday morning, and there was only one group waiting ahead of us.  Waited about 20 minutes for a table in the tiny establishment, while enjoying self-serve Water Ave coffee.  Abelskeviers (danish pancakes) were fluffy and delicious, served alongside lemon curd and lingonberry jam.  Baked smoked trout scramble was unique and tasty.  Broder Board had a bunch of Scandinavian delights -- favorites including smoked trout, soft cheese spread, yogurt parfait with granola, and a marzipan-like pastry.  In addition, little touches like warmed creamer for coffee and the use of fresh herbs made for a great dining experience."}, {"review_id": "zPHqsWIs9-K_3rjvyZ1_VA", "user_id": "yYw57tu17k_JbgKeurdwpA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/9/2018", "text": "First off... amazing service. We were waiting for a table and they offered us coffee while we waited. Coffee was amazing. Best coffee ever tasted. $15 a bag that we bought when we left. Made from \"Water Avenue\" special for The Broder Cafe.  It's served with warmed milk.  We had lefse... awesome. Sweet and savory. Not too heavy. So much flavor. And also the \"lost egg\". A little heavy because of all the cream inside but full of flavor and very filling. Will definitely get it again. Also the little pancake balls was really nice and lite as well. Definitely on our go to list when we go breakfast!"}, {"review_id": "O7_ljS9S0L7CgH4A-JLCUA", "user_id": "oQdAOrh2VAoE95L1OFEyiQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/24/2018", "text": "Delicious food, great presentation. Cozy restaurant. If you're tired of the typical American brunch, give this place a try. Förlorade Ägg (lost eggs)- very tasty. This was poached eggs in cream with spinach, and ham. Baked parmesan on top. Although it came out in a small skillet, the portion was just right. It was filling and wasn't super heavy even made with cream.Pytt I Pann (trout hash)- also very tasty. i was tired of the standard steak and egg hash, so i ordered this. I liked that the potatoes were diced up into tiny cubes. Fair amount of pieces of trout. Soft egg on top. Like the lost eggs, it came out in a small skillet. Portion was just right, and I wasn't overly stuffed.Æbleskiver (Danish pancakes)- served w/ lingonberry and lemon curd jam. best when hot and fresh! They remind me of little donuts- it was slightly crisp on the outside and pillowy soft and fluffy on the inside. The combination of lingonberry and lemon curd jams went perfectly with the pancakes. Potato pancake- if you like savory and potatoes, try this! Goes pretty well with hot sauce.Lingonberry mimosa- sweet and refreshing!This was a solid restaurant. Like other restaurants that we've visited in Portland, this is a small establishment. Toward the end of our meal, there was quite a wait outside. Good news is that there is free coffee outside. Friendly staff. Will definitely recommend and come back next time in Portland."}, {"review_id": "jEHjDsX1vNMZkL1x0a14zg", "user_id": "Miiy-6pxUV7nzDEeqgtFNw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/3/2018", "text": "We had a delectable experience at Broder for breakfast. To be honest, it was almost better than the food we had while visiting Scandinavia. The Lost Eggs are a must have as well as the danish pancakes. There was a small defect with my meal and the server went above and beyond to make up for it. They have an amazing selection of Aquavit and lingonberry drinks to try. I'll definitely be bringing my Swedish relatives here when they come to visit."}, {"review_id": "aG6HuyKUMEji-4Agpv7ckA", "user_id": "6iHiZW2yxNkZ_mNsP0Wnzw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/5/2017", "text": "I had one of the best breakfasts of my life here. I've never had Scandinavian food before but now I want it all the time. The Danish pancakes. ORDER THE DANISH PANCAKES. I had the hash with smoked trout. It was my first time eating smoked trout, I've only had smoked salmon, so I thought it was going to be really salty but it wasn't too bad. It was actually delicious. I ate so much that I wanted to puke. But it was a good feeling not a bad one. I tried some of my friend's lost eggs dish and that was really good too! It was really heavy so I don't know how any one person finishes it alone. I want to come back and eat everything on the menu. And it's all super instagrammable!There is usually a wait on the weekends so come earlier if you can. Also it takes a while for the food to come out because there is only a small stovetop in there."}, {"review_id": "KrsFfrV1z2nzrIdnJ43esQ", "user_id": "2oopnk6fYiLa8z3TKDQRRQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/11/2017", "text": "This was our first stop in Portland's brunch culture, and so glad we did!We came here on a Friday morning around 10, and the list was already long with 15 parties of 2 or 3 ahead of us. Do not get intimated by the list! Most of the people had left and did not come back. We put our names down, went to grab coffee for 20 minutes, and were seated right away. We weren't there when our names were called but they were nice enough to accommodate when we returned. For the breakfast, we ordered the famous Lost Eggs, Swedish donuts, and hash with beef and ham. The Lost Eggs were pretty good but not my favorite dish here. The Swedish donuts were fluffy and were enhanced further by the lemon curd and lingonberry jam. I recommend using both! Finally the hash was awesome. It was flavorful. I loved the square shape of the over easy eggs that draped over the dish.I also had a lingonberry mimosa which was amazing! Overall, solid place for breakfast! I highly recommend."}, {"review_id": "snzv_whH8aNPkZVAEiBt1w", "user_id": "BTQKr4lMAR_co_QFt1mpYg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/5/2017", "text": "In the event that you have a day off on a weekday, do try the salmon cakes at Broder. Flakey golden brown goodness. You get two patties and no carbs, but they do have a (rather mushy) potato pancake you can pair it with. Have one of Broder's strong mimosas while you're at it, and finish it off with must-have danish pancake balls. If you eat eggs- the entire menu is your oyster.On the weekend, however, the wait for a table can be a little much, so be prepared. I'm not one to wait around for a table for more than 20 min (I get \"hangry\"), so I avoid the place for weekend brunch."}, {"review_id": "RkVtvFna06q-sHj1e5Pdyg", "user_id": "1gov-oAqh5LMrOkYeP7tbA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/2/2017", "text": "This was one of the best brunch spots I have been to in Portland. Luckily there wasn't much of a wait when we got there, maybe three people in front of us, when we left there was about 14 people on the list. I loved the space inside. It was decorated perfectly, definitely looked like it could have been a small restaurant located in Scandinavia. The restaurant itself is pretty small inside, I liked the layout where you could actually watch them cook your breakfast.I started off with a Danish Mary (or Bloody Mary) you could have had this with aquavit if you wanted. This was one of the better bloody Mary's I've had, really spicy and delicious. For breakfast I got the Lost Eggs. This was poached eggs in cream and spinach cheese with ham covered with baked Parmesan on top. So good and so filling, definitely did not taste too heavy either. I sampled one of the egg bakes and the breakfast sandwich. Everything was tasty and nothing was left on the plates. Everything on the menu looked tasty it was difficult to make a decision. I would definitely have brunch here again, it was absolutely delicious."}, {"review_id": "mJeO7wlvbFiezZoAuukIyA", "user_id": "ZqujL_tNsG7vL92tswnqzg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/30/2017", "text": "Happy Girlfriend, Happy LifeMe: What was your favorite restaurant in Portland?Girlfriend: BroderThe Lost Egg // Trout Egg ScrambleNothing to complain here.  It was a solid restaurant.Out of 5, I would rank the following:Food: 4Service: 4Price: 4"}, {"review_id": "erkRr8tjyyp-h4Ulu_Ac5w", "user_id": "CaL1p500D0YTOTJmLArDDg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "Too damn small!!  I was there by myself and was crowded at the bar, which was cool because I could see the madmen making 10,000 items all at once for 30 or so people inside eating.  But, overall the place was a little too hipstery for me.  Yes, the breakfast had like 15 components, and yes, most of them were good to very good, but nothing was blow-my mind great.  And the prices are only OK given the amount of food you are served *though I guess I can vouch for the amount of ENERGY that goes into preparing said foods.  The Danish baked pancake balls were a definite must-try.  And the pea salad with blue cheese dressing was pretty memorable too."}, {"review_id": "c8cWjSAjoCBzt0k23EdE6Q", "user_id": "k5Wrv1kbhUAiKCgJOBUBxQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "This place will knock your socks off. The quality of the food is amazing. The staff rocks. The drinks, well, how many did I just have lol are amazing. So different from your other breakfast spots in Portland. I love the food combinations that I just wouldn't think of on my own that work perfectly together. If it's your first time try \" The Lost Egg\". It's got ham, parmesan cheese, spinach, panko bread crumbs and, you got it, an egg lost in all that beautifulness. Oh yeah there is cream too. Give this one  try folks. You won't regret it."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/broder-caf%C3%A9-portland?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]