[[{"review_id": "fpH9h6O-c-RFeenUN49I2Q", "user_id": "lv7-3ApMA5FRgIb3K7VD8g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "I eat here a lot! It is a celiac heaven! Love the fried yucca, Spanish tortilla, quinoa dishes and octopus. Menu clearly marked with gluten free options. Yes, it is a bit expensive but worth it!"}, {"review_id": "1tkQpz0aukCBTJPFxIkBaQ", "user_id": "HqMWEEsYIXoFhdDIX1NtrA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/27/2018", "text": "This is a lovely group dining spot that's centrally located. We were a group of 7 ladies from NYC celebrating a bachlorette party. They had live music! It could be for a date too because of the dim lighting.  Service, is very warm, polite and inviting.  The server made great recommendations and was very attentive. To share, we started off with these apps:- delicious, cheesy vegetarian empanadas. Good portion and flavor with the appropriate Peruvian sauces (aji amarillo, etc)- Super fresh and yummy ceviche - the fish of the day (their signature). Nice and citrusy and refreshing. Decent portion for sharing as far as fish goes- Hearty shredded beef empanadas - yummy as well. Both types were very good. -A trio of roasted potatoes. These were good but not too special, I guess good to be safe. You get a good tasting on different sauces/salsas but I didn't feel the potatoes were particularly special or Peruvian On the mains.  Among our group, there was a mixture of the lamb shank (hearty portion, not too gamey), lomo saltado (classic - beef tips with yucca and rice and onions), a lot of the risotto type of thing with Peruvian quinoa. A lot of the girls got this, thinking it was going to be small but it was actually got large and deep. Portions are big here, esp for the late plates. For my main, I choose to get two types of antichuchos (kebab), the octopus (so delish, grilled perfectly) and the chicken. Unfortuantely the chicken was not the best. It was an odd texture and not much char grilled or flavored - and I'm not picky about dark meat.  I also got a side of yucca fries with it which was great. We were all so stuffed for dessert but the kind server brought some complementary items anyway for our friend who was getting married. It was a trio of creme brulee (random) - vanilla, lemon and chocolate hazelnut perhaps? All were good - lemon was the best in my opinion. As for the drinks, when we were seated we were given a delightful glass of champagne rose, and I followed up with a well balanced rose from pinot noir (PDX specialty, get this everywhere you go!), and others got a bunch of Latin inspired cocktails  - they have carpihinas, mojito, pisco sour, etc. It's a great night out!"}, {"review_id": "edXogzkHwUzvSbAxbU9hJQ", "user_id": "KK0wc85FN18iMNWBkMCBzw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "I been to this spot twice. Both times I was in Portland I stopped here once for lunch and another for dinner. Honestly a must go if you are Portland, its the only Peruvian restaurant I been to and it was a great experience.Service is really good here. Both times I came here the servers were very patient (since I kept asking them what they would have) and will welcome you in Spanish. You will have to read the description of the food to understand what you are ordering.The food is traditional and is packed with amazing flavor! The garlic rice is delish. At lunch I ordered the \"lomo saltado\" and I recommend getting this if you aren't sure what you want and can eat meat. Its strips of beefwoth oyster sauce with garlic rice and potatoes. Honestly just get this one! Second time for dinner I was here I got the \"Bistec la pobre\" this was like steak bites and it comes with an egg and a bruleed banana and yes the banana was delicious! However make sure you are hungry because I underestimated the size of this dish.Dessert I got the creme brulee and wow, i think it was like 10 bucks for three...THREE!! (I love you portland) creme brulees (coffee, custard, and caramel).Just love this place!TIP: make a reso for sure!! This place gets very busy and you will be waiting if just walking in from the street."}, {"review_id": "ThvC_pZaQVYXq7chTKENGg", "user_id": "QFosOrhKs2xtrKIq21b-UQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/5/2018", "text": "Portland has a few gems hidden away in downtown, and Andina seems to be reviving itself as a destination favorite for many food bloggers and critics alike. We came to Andina to celebrate our friend's proposal, and boy was Andina ready to serve us!The ambiance at this place during lunchtime is as expected - warm and friendly hosts, combined with an inviting array of exceptional service made the setting awesome for our recently engaged friends. The building is wonderfully finished with old beams, Peruvian artworks and hidden spots that would indeed highlight your Instagram story up. In regards to the food itself: Ceviche? Check. Delicious and simple, yet the flavor palette coming from this thing is off the charts. Potato Cakes with Crab Salad? Surprisingly light and delicious, and the mixtures of celery, ginger, garlic and mixed seafood made this appetizer well worth the starter. The Ají De Gallina was fantastic right to the very end. Succulent chicken in a creamy ají amarillo-peanut sauce with that garlic rice and olives, oh my, my fiancé ended up stealing my dish before handing me a paltry three bites of chicken. Seco De Res - a plethora of slow roasted short ribs laced in a fragrant stock served with guiso de frijoles, garlc rice and salsa criolla. As classic as Peruvian it can be. The Rotating Trio of Creme Brulee is something that I highly suggest a group or two grab. It's totally worth experimenting the different flavors from toasted caramel to paprika to something incredibly surprising! How can you say no to three rich and delectable desserts? The food at Andina has impressed us, and their passion for making authentic Peruvian food has been incredibly successful. This is easily one of the most recommended places in Portland, and without a doubt, this easily makes my list of places to eat!"}, {"review_id": "O__sAoNQeVKL_Gy075lQ5Q", "user_id": "UgYG3TgJocOM-HZ2-VE6zg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/4/2018", "text": "This restaurant is one of a kind! But make sure you make reservations first! We were only in Portland for a few nights and came across this restaurant from a recommendation and luckily we were able to be seated in the bar/lounge area last minute. Of course after a day of wine tasting we were starving and wanted to try as much of the menu as we could. We started with cocktails. The Ron-yki-on is one of the best cocktails I've ever had. If you like the taste of fresh ginger and grapefruit, you'll love this drink. We started with their fresh fish. The ono cebiche and sashimi tuna. Both were amazingly fresh and flavorful. Then their diver scallops with crispy onions on top. The sauce on the bottom was so surprising because I've never had scallops with brown sugar before. So good! Then of course who can pass up the empanadas, piquillo pepper relleno, or the tamales. I would leave the empanadas and the tamale for last because they will fill you up but are so delicious! The ambiance is very warm, inviting, and romantic. It's the perfect date night spot and they had live music there as well. It's definitely a restaurant we will revisit next time we are in Portland."}, {"review_id": "md696sCMBQB9_cL_5tTz3g", "user_id": "qayAHD5or8w6IuF_H_oocw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/24/2018", "text": "We are going to leave Portland tomorrow... sad :(We went to this place during lunch time. Waited for about 40 minutes to be seated. But you can leave your phone # and go around the neighborhood. They will text you when it's your turn. There are a lot of interesting small shops around. We decided to order a main dish and 2 tapas between us. The grilled octopus was super tender and with a slightly charred flavor. The smashed potato underneath was on the chunkier side. And it was full of flavors. Loved it!The quinoa avocado salad was super refreshing. The lemony flavor worked perfectly with the avocado. It was my first time trying this combination, but I immediately fell into love with it. I might try to replicate this dish at home hahahaDefinitely a place worth a visit!"}, {"review_id": "gvi3YV22c63l8LbzyCrrjA", "user_id": "_lElNdAsV8rV20htUgCFIA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/18/2018", "text": "Andina was our second stop for Portland Dining Month this month, something I was really looking forward to. Their dining month menu offers two choices for each course, so we decided to order one of each.First up, two different timbales. The causa solterito is a timbale of  lime-scented Yukon Gold potato with a salad of green beans, fresh corn, cotija cheese and tomatoes. The causa morada features lime-scented purple potato and shredded chicken breast with ají amarillo. Both are served chilled, so essentially they are little dishes of potato salad. The presentation was pretty, but overall they were a bland in flavor. I couldn't detect any hint of lime in either dishes, or any real seasonings other than salt. We finished the first course, satisfied but hoping the next course would be better. The quinotto \"chisaya mama\" offered for the second course was amazing and the only reason I'm giving three stars to this review. Beautifully presented, it was also delicious in the mouth. Quinoa is made into a risotto for this dish Grana Padano cheese, golden beets, tiny mushrooms, and local vegetables. It was creamy with a slight crunch in all the right places. I could eat this dish all day long.The lomo saltado, on the other hand, was lacking. In this dish beef tenders are fried with onions, tomatoes, oyster sauce, garlic and ají amarillo then served with Yukon Gold papas fritas and garlic rice. I really liked the garlic rice, it had a great flavor to it. But the fries weren't crisp enough, the beef was scarce in the dish, and the sauce was lacking in flavor. I expected a bit of spice in the dish, but there was none that I could really detect.For dessert, the chocolate andina is a brownie made from quinoa flour, layered with ganache and finished with a fruit gastrique and avocado creme anglaise. I was excited for this dish, it sounds incredibly innovative. But it wasn't. The brownie was really a slice of cake, very thick and heavy cake. I couldn't really taste the ganache and the fruit gastrique was nothing more than a couple of saucy raspberries perched atop the slice. The avocado creme anglaise was tasty, very light and creamy. it was a good counter to the heavy cake.The other dessert, alfajor, was solid. The cookie, scented with key lime and filled with manjar blanco, had a nice bite to the exterior with a soft interior enhanced by the sweet, citrus infused cream.Overall, I felt like the dishes at Andina were more focused on the beautiful presentation than the quality of the food. Every single plate was artfully arranged, but with the exception of the quinotto the fare was uninspired and boring. While the service, location, and ambiance were all excellent, I was disappointed with our food experience. I expected more."}, {"review_id": "lEmUmnO0kA6ET0AEE_h3OA", "user_id": "g6jPypsKpuBuDS3IXaydEw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/17/2018", "text": "The food was excellent! They have a spicy mango drink, just call it the \"sexy woman\", it's a must! I recommend their tamales, empanadas, and the duck leg was fantastic. You'll need to make a reservation in advice. We didn't, so we had to sit in the bar at a small table."}, {"review_id": "PJ0THidDAYfxO9v9rq45CA", "user_id": "drzW920Yf74ydnfVVVThkw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/10/2018", "text": "I love Peruvian food but it is hard to find a place that has good Peruvian food, I must say.  This restaurant, however, is a 5 star amazing place to try.  We came in a group of six people and ordered a lot to try.  I will name several of my favorite dishes.  The De Pescado 5 Elementos with fresh fish in leche de tigre was so delicious!  You can taste the freshness on the first bite.  The Conchas a la Parrila are the diver scallops in brown sugar butter sauce with crispy onions.  This was palatable and flavorful.  The Acelgas was a flaky empanada with spinach, mushrooms, egg, and mozzarella cheese.  I am not a big fan of empanadas but this was sure toothsome.  I really liked the De Corazon which was marinated beef hearts with this very special spicy salsa sauce that was medium spicy.  I dipped everything I ate into that.  The De Pulpo grilled octopus with chimichurri sauce was also delicious, this was one of their known dishes that was pretty appetizing.The two main dishes we had were the Arroz con Mariscos which was paella with fresh seafood like mussels, shrimp, white fish, scallop and octopus).  This was one of the group's favorites as they said it was filling and full of flavors.  My main favorite was the Lomo Saltado which is the beef tenders wok fried with onions, tomatoes, garlic, and oyster sauce with some gold Yukon potatoes.  I saw it on several yelp reviews and so I suggested ordering it and it did not disappoint me at all.  It was perfect!  Overall, this was a good five star experience for me.  I loved the good food here and my purple corn drink was comparable to the purple corn drinks I had when I visited Peru.  I would come back here on my next vacation to Portland."}, {"review_id": "vKRMq2huVGze-FYijnWJZA", "user_id": "o37bggK_SoP9l8hZxrnemQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/11/2018", "text": "Paella It was one of the best I've ever eaten. Definitely a good size portion for one.It wasn't the traditional paella made with saffron it was made with Peruvian peppers and was incredible, it pulled out the flavors of the seafood and rice.  Good fun atmosphere, people were super friendly and I WOULD go back."}, {"review_id": "vfqdAuCflLQeCeorqrvIjA", "user_id": "oHHWJpSx4u3_R_ftJl14kw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/14/2018", "text": "We were split the girls thought The muscles were memorable the boys thought the ceviche was the best.  We loved our desserts of lavender ice cream.  The service was incredible and the ambience was perfect for Valentines Day.   I would say anytime is a good time to visit.We will be back!"}, {"review_id": "HJ6LPOFf72VkvrUooQh6yw", "user_id": "OQBMu7x0V4Oz3iFv3x0i5Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/4/2018", "text": "I love when I can leave a five star review for a place, because it's not often that the service, food and overall experience all align to leave me with memories of an almost perfect meal. Andina made the mark in all categories - I wish we'd come here sooner. Food: We tried an assortment of dishes, including the beets, stuffed avocado, ceviche, veggie empanadas, and tamales from the tapas side of the menu. For the four of us, we also ordered two larger plates to share - the Peruvian style paella and quinoa crusted scallops. Everything was delicious - we wanted to just lick our plates clean. We finished off the meal with the creme brûlée trio and were pleasantly full. Service: We had a reservation and were a little early but they seated us immediately. The server came by often to check on us and to provide water and wine. The food came out as it was ready and there was no awkward long wait for the check (we weren't in a hurry, but we did need to get over to the Armory for a show).Overall, the dinner was excellent. To be honest I didn't expect to be wowed by Peruvian food from past experiences of eating more homecooked types of Peruvian food, but Andina was fantastic. They have found a perfect balance between traditional and modern influences. The service matched the food and the place was just nice to sit in and relax. It can seem a little pricey, as small plates add up, but our meal for four was just at $200 including tip, which is not bad for restaurants of similar style and caliber."}, {"review_id": "77_KGkox_VaduEpkyEeauw", "user_id": "UPNuvW7y6aVwhKK5z6eTJw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/26/2018", "text": "Great Peruvian food, attentive service and quick turnaround on orders.We hadPisco sour (Peruvian pisco which goes down a little harsher than Chilean) RON-yki-on (ginger syrup/rum cocktail) - excellent (but sweet) cocktail!Mango/langostine/passionfruit ceviche (best dish of the night)Yucca fries  (ok - sauce was lacking - I prefer this with garlic aoli) Quinoa bread with 3 salsas (salsas were ok. Not that tasty)Lomo Saltado (really good - beef was so tender)Grilled octopus (really well done and tender)It didn't knock my socks off but our table had a great time."}, {"review_id": "Hm-mUoQADNh6ChFxMtjxkQ", "user_id": "76TqU4dweJciWy1WvoW-rA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/2/2018", "text": "In the heart of the Pearl District area of Downtown Portland sites Peruvian restaurant Andina where my wife and I had one of the most amazing meals of our lives. It's a small plates affair and I hesitate to use the word \"affair\" since it was our wedding anniversary, but the whole experience as an insanely satisfying affair.It was a Monday night and the restaurant was packed...It's a good sign when a place can be so full on a Monday night...the place is large but felt intimate. Colorfully decorated (every table had many colors of napkins, for example) indicating every detail of the experience of being here had been attended to.We started with drinks. I had the bartender's choice (which may well be different every time you order it as it is, in fact, the choice of the bartender) which ended up being a crazy delicious cocktail made with egg white that was sweet and so good.My wife, who generally doesn't drink was so pleased that not only did they offer a selection of non-alcoholic cocktails, but that what she ordered (a purple corn drink) made her feel she was having a cocktail and not a souped up Shirley Temple. It tasted amazing. We had a number of dishes including the quinoa, asparagus, potato stack, 3 types of potatoes, and beets. Everything was fantastic...these are family Peruvian recipes, super artfully crafted and presented.Our waiter was very nice and knowledgeable, made good recommendations which suited our vegetarian sensibility. We had plenty to eat and could go back and would still have new vegetarian things to try.The piece de resistance of our experience was when one of the owners came over to our table...She was making the rounds at all the tables and you could see her spending quite a bit of time at each one, getting to know the people at the tables, and when she arrived at ours and discovered it was our anniversary, she essentially gave us a Peruvian blessing made us feel like we are having a special and even spiritual dining experience...not just eating dinner out somewhere.Andina was an all around amazing dining experience...especially the owner's blessing, and our experience here was one of a small handful of meals we've had in our lives that left a very positive, indelible impression."}, {"review_id": "MqX-8cYnQGv7ozokFds-TA", "user_id": "k39ZWWkevk6oBuf1nqyttA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/21/2017", "text": "Andina made my top 5 best restaurants I've ever had the pleasure of eating at. The French Laundry is in my top 5, so this is saying a lot.Andina is the simplest, best comfort food I've ever had. My husband and I barely spoke during dinner we were so busy oohing and aahing over the food. This is a pretty restaurant set in the Pearl District.The ambiance is lovely and cozy. We sat in a corner downstairs and had a great vantage point of all the lively energy. The wine list is excellent and we decided to just try several different reds and rose instead of getting a bottle.The empanadas have ruined me for any other empanada out there. The lamb was so tender it fell off the bone when we touched it with the fork. The beans and rice served with it is the best pairing ever. Perfectly cooked asparagus, a chocolate torte with avocado sauce were also outstanding.The owner came over to chat and tell us a bit about Peruvian cooking and all the time and care that goes into it. You can most certainly taste and it comes through that all their dishes are made with love.Spendy and worth every penny. This will be a must do whenever I am in Portland."}, {"review_id": "Ba2OPCn3xFdqlaiOUCIfdg", "user_id": "CxRD5BdNXKgTjx_SkhAXPQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/29/2018", "text": "Went for lunch while on a business trip in Portland. This is great Peruvian food with lots of gluten-free options. I had the lomo saltado and enjoyed it.  Unfortunately we were a bit rushed so was not able to fully check out the place. Next time in Portland I plan to spend more time here to get a full taste of the place."}, {"review_id": "Ux1xFzWde0Aap4-C1lMplA", "user_id": "bz3DrjftZeTCQXlkWR90Bw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "Came here during Portland dining month but ordered off the regular menu.  Every dish we had was tasty and so were the drinks!   The staff were friendly and provided good service."}, {"review_id": "zt4YmoAE60ZLV1kAaBZtow", "user_id": "tOWW54yEIrYPcSE_iNvDVg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "Dined here last night to celebrate our wedding anniversary and was reminded of how delightful this restaurant is! It had been a couple years since eating here, not because we don't love the place but just simply there are so many great restaurants to try. After our tasty dinner we decided we shouldn't wait so long to return!We shared a couple of starters; the tres salsas and conchas a la parrilla (scallops) and both were bananas! The salsas are always great for exploring three different taste palates that yet have continuity between them, and the richness of the umami esque broth in the scallops was decadent.My husband had his favorite, lomo saltado and it didn't disappoint.I tried something new, the escabeche de pollito con purée de camote (brined chicken with sweet potato mash and quail egg) and it was delicious. The chicken was perfectly cooked and the sweet potato was balanced nicely with the pickled onion. (Photo was before I devoured this dish)We finished our meal with a trio of creme brulees and they were all great, however the \"caramel\" one was epic and I could eat that everyday!The server was knowledgeable and answered tons of questions. He helped me with my indecision of 3 starters and which of 4 entrees to pick. I love it when a server can see the items you are picking between and craft an opinion based on your preferences!Great food, positively potent cocktails, and phenomenal service!"}, {"review_id": "PWXqatjP4IqUHQigOYI7Bg", "user_id": "yNEuxv_oq2w2bVkMy7Gz6A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Tamales were really exceptional. Soup very good. Empanadas were so flavorful while wife's diver scallops on parsnip purée was great. Coffees amazing."}, {"review_id": "touxcTsz6FsjISH75GLKHw", "user_id": "2HHjtv4WlwTej8ULP6_Kyw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/18/2018", "text": "Overall this is an excellent spot for a date or a small group. The food is incredible, the service excellent, the location great:Food =      : Very creative, and different tastes than what you find in the US or Portland, even with it's food lovers' selection of great restaurants. The food is fresh, tastes authentic, and there are many selections for vegetarian and meat lovers alike.Drinks =      : Incredibly delicious and creative cocktails. True mixology going on here.Atmosphere =     : Super lively vibe to the place, with small tables or booths, warm lighting and an interesting downstairs. The location in Portland is great, in a very cool part of town. The only knock is the parking stinks, but that can be said for any restaurant in this area.Service =     : I've been here several times and almost always the service is great. The last time our server was fun to talk to, but made some food quantity recommendations that I think were off -- we ordered way too much. (Note: There are a lot of small plate options here that make quantity selection more challenging than normal.) So they're not perfect, but they are very good."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/andina-restaurant-portland?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]