[[{"review_id": "H9PP7NsOaBo45RbKwjG6Qg", "user_id": "mEbbDKGEtz5yRiE_S0Fpfg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Tasty you most certainly are!The restaurant is warm and inviting without sacrificing a modern look that would appeal to just about anyone. There is a flight of stairs right in front of the entrance where you will find a patio-like area on your left and the main dining hall in front. For a Monday night, it was quite crowded with patrons, but we were able to snag seats at the bar. However, this isn't a tiny bar where people just enjoy drinks. The tabletop is roomy with more than enough space to comfortably dine.Our waitress was an incredibly sweet person who checked on us often and recommended us to eat family style since the portions at Tasty n Sons are larger. Armed with that knowledge, we ordered the Slider Board, a combination board of their three sliders, Tynan mac and cheese, cajun mac and cheese, and their house fries.Each dish came out separately, allowing us to focus on one before the next one was served. Our first dish was the original Tynan mac and cheese that oozed with gooey cheese without tasting slimy or pasty. The pasta noodles weren't overly mushy and the layer of bread crumbs on top added great texture. The house fries came next and while they were fried well, they didn't taste special. We did, however, enjoy the sauce that tasted like a fancy mayonnaise.The Slider Board looked awesome with three tiny slider of burgers. Our favorite was the battered cod, served with an aioli sauce and fresh chives. The fish was surrounded by the crispiest batter and tasted incredibly tender. The second favorite was the fried chicken that packed a good kick of heat, which was quickly soothed by the sweet pickles. The beef burger reminded us a lot of In N Out, but in the best way possible in that it tasted comforting and familiar. Finally, we got the cajun mac and cheese that was topped off with sweet sausage that added not only texture, but also a sweet undertone that cut through all of the spices and the heavy cheese. It was the perfect addition to a mouth watering dish.Tasty N Sons absolutely exceeded our expectations. We loved the family style way of dining, allowing us to try a variety of items without breaking the bank (or our stomachs)."}, {"review_id": "I4qPSn7K56_sQwIOsh081A", "user_id": "0b8Rn44mJrAEaScO7Z53bw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Solid food! But in my opinion, was not memorable. We came on a Sunday afternoon for brunch and the wait was about an hour. The decor inside was nice and modern. Tasty N Son's brunch menu has a something for everybody type of vibe and ranges from traditional breakfasts, to sandwiches, and fusion foods. They serve their food family style, meaning that the food will be served once its out the kitchen as opposed to serving the entire table at once. I am used to eating family style, though the portions are not what I consider family style. They are individual portions and on the smaller side.Burmese Red Pork stew - Just okay. It was a braised sweet pork served over a bed of white steamed rice and topped with an egg both ways (fried and boiled). Having grown up eating Burmese cuisine, there was nothing reminiscent of Burmese flavors and spices. The marinated boiled egg with the sweet pork reminded me more of the Taiwanese pork rice dish. Breakfast Board - Good! I liked the simplicity of the ingredients that all came together. Awesome bread, crostini, boiled eggs, pate, bacon, and lebneh. Shakshuka - Okay. Nice tomato flavor bubbling together with eggs. It is enjoyed by dipping some bread into the sauce."}, {"review_id": "ndtFbdARKDsjVYVg1vNK8w", "user_id": "STF_JkFDZls9eb6lE77YLQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "First off, I came here because I saw the photos of the steak and eggs thinking that they served it all day but nope, I think it's only on their lunch menu. HOWEVER, do NOT overlook these guys for dinner. I came around 6ish and was seated right away with the greatest hospitality. The space itself is very open, especially since the Hub their in feels like it was a garage or designed in that aspect. The ambiance and feel of the location itself is very Portland, to me, very hipster. But don't get me wrong. Williams Ave is popping just as much as Mississippi Ave. Onto the most important aspect the food. Holy moly was this place good! Their Slider Burger Board was really good and filling. It's three burgers, 1 beef, 1 fish, and 1 sriracha chicken. Hands out, the sriracha chicken was theeeeeee best. I ordered the Alabama BBQ Chicken and  that didn't disappoint either. There were sections that were a bit dry but the sauce that's provided is there for a reason and you should use it. I also got a side of Coleslaw and that just melts in your mouth. Food was 4/5 stars but because of the atmosphere, the hospitality, and all the intangibles, I would rank this 6/5 stars if I could. Great food, great place to vibe and roam afterwards and it's only a 15 minute walk to Mississippi Ave for dessert."}, {"review_id": "jb1BK9gpg6XRUcCKyR4AzA", "user_id": "WP9NaEgjvpsjTtZESisRLA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "I love this type of restaurants. We came to meet our friend and it was great choice. We had dinner at home but our friend had meal there. Me and my husband we just had drinks and dessert. I like their lemon passion cocktail. It's great choice for ladies. Husband took white French wine which was sooo good. Rhubarb dessert panna cotta is gem! I love rhubarb and dessert is sooo bomb! I enjoyed every spoon I had. To rate them 5 stars I have to try their dinner meals."}, {"review_id": "E1N7zLxWMRIPVsmOqjHz_Q", "user_id": "ee3Zgu9Ilf4QuRg2J8AQbg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "I love this place.Came here with my friend for a bite and some drinks. We shared the steak and fries and a pickle plate. It was delicious!! We ordered two whiskey sours made with their house whiskey and the Trinidad sour - also amazing! The staff if really friendly and helpful. I couldn't help but notice how much the staff members help each other out.. it was awesome to see such team work. I would recommend this place to anyone that is visiting the area or wants a good bite to eat. I wish I lived in Portland otherwise I'd come here all the time!!"}, {"review_id": "3kc7o_CzMc7fWWXxomx2TA", "user_id": "0i19OLI5vhkJ851dBGyNoQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/2/2018", "text": "I would give this place a 3.5 stars. The place is pretty hip and bustling. The concept of the various items on the menu were cool. I liked the various items from the descriptions. The vibe of the restaurant was a modern hipster restaurant.The food isn't filling - great place for a date as the girl would be full, but it will be lacking for the dudes. We had the Maple Bacon Wrapped Date; Fried Chicken, Fried Egg & Cheddar Biscuits; French Toast; and Shashuka. The Date was sweet - don't think you can say it was out of the ordinary. The Fried Chicken, Fried Egg & Cheddar Biscuits was a bit bland and I couldn't really taste the chicken. I wish there was a bit more flavour in there. The French Toast was really good. I thought the Rhubarb really made the difference - it was my favourite dish out of them all. The Shashuk was cool in concept but there wasn't something that really stood out to me regarding the dish. I enjoyed my experience. Presentation was good. The service was good. It's a hipster restaurant with a unique menu."}, {"review_id": "uh9m50QKcaLg0t2WFT4wug", "user_id": "RdI7OPU2NTkSCgvmu4K7oQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "Sooo soo GOOD! Food and service were top notch for our table of four. 45 minute wait for Sunday brunch. I can't believe it's taken me this long to visit this place, but alas we came and we conquered. Great companions and great food, and everything we order is always dishes up family style. My favorite items today were the steak and eggs, fried chicken/egg/cheddar biscuit and my El Fuego Bloody Mary Here's the rest of our order: Salmon boardPotatoes bravas/Sunnyside egg/aioli Cast iron frittata Grilled asparagus/bacon/eggFries/come back sauce"}, {"review_id": "jRY26sUWS2X22TxY4X7Ljg", "user_id": "uHA2E62LB8EnQMr4DUALBw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/4/2018", "text": "During my trip to Portland, my waistline definitely got a workout. There was a lot of great food at a lot of fantastic places, and even though I did not have a full meal from Tasty n Sons, I really enjoyed what I sampled from their menu.I went here during a late lunch, and I was in the mood for a snack and a drank. I ordered the rice pudding, which came topped with a blueberry compote, spiced almonds, and mint. I'm a big fan of rice pudding in general, so it doesn't take a lot for me to enjoy it. Yet, this rice pudding really impressed me. The creamy texture along with the added toppings gave it a silky and almost decadent feel while I was eating it, and my only regret is that I did not get another order to go.My cocktail was the Trinidad Sour, which mixed rye whiskey, orgeat, lemon juice, Angostura bitters, and Townshend's fernet. I thought this was a refreshing and tart drink that was perfect for an early afternoon libation. Though my experience was brief, I definitely liked what I saw at Tasty n Sons and will have to make a return visit the next time I'm in Portland."}, {"review_id": "e-U3AeU0iSycrED0plsV3w", "user_id": "IqPUywVLyNow5YfDLdSimA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "Y.U.M! This place has some tasty choices! The prices are fair, portions are not very big.  The wait time is kinda long as they don't seem to have much seating but, it is worth the wait!"}, {"review_id": "lDUextjtyKyQzBbzhRnAAw", "user_id": "HhINiJt4HuDhnZ82D69MOg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/2/2018", "text": "Tasty n Sons is always a long wait and there's a good reason why. The restaurant itself is lovely - the ceilings are high, the windows are huge, and you get a nice view into the kitchen. The staff are friendly too.Now for the food. Tasty serves tapas style food inspired by a variety of locales and breakfast classics. The menu is very large and I'm glad I came with 5 people because we got to try more items and everything on the menu looks very tempting. We had the shakshuka, Dutch baby, potatoes bravas, steak and eggs, Nashville hot chicken, and salmon plate - all delicious. Some were easier to share than others but all were yummy. The shakshuka in particular was amazing. Can't recommend them for brunch enough!"}, {"review_id": "qfrHpA_JCv4UsTZtSyO6LA", "user_id": "bmWtpOEdAc7doM5zM5l3Ig", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/1/2018", "text": "Favorite dish from here and probably one of my favorite brunch dishes ever! The tasty steak and cheddar eggs with the cornmeal pancake! The meat in the picture may look a bit burnt and that's only because we like it well done but it was still so amazing!! That cornmeal pancake is just out of this world. I've also tried a few other dishes and the bloody mary's & everything we've ever had has never disappointed us! This place is Definitely always on the list of go to's when I'm in town visiting Portland!"}, {"review_id": "AidOcdRKfMXg5izbSzhTIg", "user_id": "GVXIGDbs9RGJWfKNbAmruA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "I guess I have to give this place 5 stars.The service was really excellent.  I don't know what the guy's name was, but he explained the menu REALLY well, gave background, gave suggestions, and I appreciated his approach and his style.  It was not overbearing at all and he was super patient.The corned beef or pastrami (I forget which) was really good.  I wish it was a little bigger, but it was high quality all around.We got a tone of things and shared them all.  The smoked salmon plate was good, but I would pass on it next time.  The baked brownie with ice cream was also good, but it was really small and on the steep side price wise in my opinion.  I would definitely pass on that next time and didn't really want to get it this time, but the girls were sold on it after the waiter described it (I told you he was good).Expect a wait, I'm not sure if they take reservations or not, but if they do, I would call and make one.  Since I don't know, you should also call to ask if they take them!Be sure to read the parking signs outside, they can be tricky!"}, {"review_id": "GAfJyZce827S0nQKrrbxvg", "user_id": "TdMlBzdwrw5XqMZSfjg5xw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/21/2018", "text": "A group of 4 of us came in on a Sunday at 9:45am and was seated around 10:30am so it wasn't too bad of a wait for a weekend brunch in the city. We ordered the shakshuka, the hangtown fry, polenta and dutch baby with raspberry jam and lemon curd. All of the dishes were amazing! Each of it was very flavorful. I especially enjoyed the shakshuka and dutch baby. I've had shakshuka before, but this place definitely brought it to another level - the tomatoes were stewed perfectly and great spices and flavor. It did take a while for some of our dishes to come out (we waited about an hr for one of our dishes), however, the waitress acknowledged the delay and kindly took the dish off our bill. Overall, amazing food and great service."}, {"review_id": "akyXKpwIgaj5Cqn99tZYXQ", "user_id": "t82CmBzUjZYgsmMc_aQycA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "A road trip to Portland led me to this gem of a restaurant. What's nice is the freeway exit to this place from Seattle is a little after entering Portland so it serves as a deter to get out of the morning traffic commute.Everything is A-listed at this place. The atmosphere, menu offerings, and professionalism and product knowledge from the staff, true teamwork. Let's get down to the food- start with those incredible chocolate doughnuts, then move on to those flaky warm biscuits!!! There's so many yummy items on the menu that it will beckon you to return.I know I will! Thanks for such a great dining experience. Portland rocks their food scene."}, {"review_id": "bo19BCDHAkvwgneOMxkGWg", "user_id": "RsCG9pBhJLLGMs_LWbWPQw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/16/2018", "text": "Tasty and fun date, even able to squeeze in at the end of a community table at 9:30 on a Saturday night with no res. Hip vibe and upscale. Really loved my hanky-panky cocktail- perfect balance of sweet and complex. 10 stars for their butter biscuit with the cheddar bomb in the middle. Their's really is one of the best I've ever had (it came on the North Carolina Board). Also loved their house made sweet pickles! The white barbecue chicken was good, but didn't at all taste like barbecue. They should've named it White horseradish cream sauce over chicken.Excellent customer service. Expensive, but expected it to be so. Would love to explore more of the menu and visit one of their other restaurants in town."}, {"review_id": "bcBxT5j7-Qobaid4SAFrEA", "user_id": "rj8WrBCEs6VOf0vfZ_HOKA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "Got the only reservation for the night at Tasty N Sons for a group of 10 and had a great dinner ! Unfortunately, they sat another huge group just 30 min before our reservation, so we ended up standing for 40 minutes waiting for our table. We were given the Hush Puppies & a salad as an apology, but it still sucked to stand in the waiting area for a table we had reserved. The staff however were incredibly friendly and gave great advice on what to order and share for our group. At my end of the table, we ordered the New York steak, Fried Chicken, and Cajun Mac & Cheese which were all super yummy. Great comfort food and the flavors were a perfect mix of cajun spices. The Hush Puppies were also delicious, not dry at all & went perfect w/the jalapeño butter. Great restaurant and great food, just unfortunate about the super long wait for a reserved table."}, {"review_id": "_LgozUD3OA9psSdwAsiieg", "user_id": "ZFKwmBoOSoq4W1lxKJOC0w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "The area that Tasty n Sons is in, is perfect. Good vibes, many places to eat, explore. Especially if you're a tourist like me from Washington. Lol.  Tasty n Sons is a cool spot, menu is pretty simple and basic, food is good, good selection of drinks."}, {"review_id": "XIb6kMf9PASy8PKUPnQwIw", "user_id": "TKKbpccprqPsAfQW7jUKGw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/9/2018", "text": "Wow. Just wow. Service was great and the food was even better. We went for dinner, and got the biscuit board (soooo good), bacon brussels sprouts (I'm not a brussel sprout person but I really liked them), glazed yams (amazing), and full rack of ribs (the bomb dot com). Everything was very tasty (ha!) and I would definitely go back and get the same food again. Every bite was packed with flavor. Pro tips: If you're going in a group, know that everything is served family style. I'd also be sure to get 1 or 2 entrees along with plenty of apps and sides. Some of the sides are filling without breaking the bank."}, {"review_id": "DTc-i1sbXHmvr8Xd8PBKUg", "user_id": "rk2ZkhhideZxVOdXNFQl5w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/28/2018", "text": "During my brief trip to Portland, I only had a chance to visit a few restaurants but I am so glad this was one of them! Tasty n Sons is definitely at the top of my list of best places I tried in the city. I came here a bit early on a Tuesday, around 9:30am. At this hour, there were plenty of seats available and I was seated immediately at the counter by the window, which I really enjoyed since I was able to look out at the drizzly rain and passersby. I had the Burmese pork stew which was incredible! The pork was seasoned so well and was so tasty and tender. There were salted eggs in the stew as well as a fried egg on top. The flavors were extremely well balanced and it was just a top notch dish.I also had the Dutch Baby, with lemon curd and raspberry jam. The Dutch Baby is similar to a pancake but instead of cooking it on a pan, it is baked on a skillet. This provided a delicious and sweet end to my breakfast. I also must mention the service! My server was extremely knowledgeable and helpful in regards to the menu. There were a lot of options and he was able to provide the sizes of each dish as well as his own recommendations. He was also very patient when more time was needed to decide. 5 stars for his service, definitely. If you're in Portland, definitely pay this place a visit. It will be well worth it!"}, {"review_id": "JV6Tm8IJMJVjD9fIeRqLZg", "user_id": "pOLqrWCflFJUwXNCOX_sow", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/1/2018", "text": "What a wonderfully unique brunch place. I loved this place from the great, friendly service to the Instagram worthy plating. Not to mention, the food also tasted really good.The potatoes bravas weren't the best breakfast potatoes I've ever had, but they paired it with this creamy sauce that resembles the harissa sauce on the chicken hash. It's so different but also subtle. The chicken hash had your standard flavors and ingredients of chicken, potatoes, egg, etc. Nothing majorly special.The salmon board was beautifully presented. The creativity of the pumpernickel bagel chips and the garlic cream it came with just made for a fun bite to eat before the main dish. I went a little extra and spend $3 on the bacon wrapped date with an almond inside....wait for it...then drizzled with maple syrup. Oh yeah. I'm already a fan of dates, so this may not be for all people. However, this was the most interesting, delicious flavor explosion I've had. This must be what eating a maple bacon donut must be like. Though it's not really worth $3, I am so glad to have tried it. It's a one-of-a-kind dish that impressed me with its creativity.Highly, highly, highly recommend the shakshuka. Not only is it pretty well priced ($13), it is much more than a tomato stew with eggs and toast. It totally doesn't need the sausage inside it either. Be careful not to get too excited and burn yourself, it comes hot! I loved putting the stew or egg onto the toast and eating it; it's such a warm mouthful that satisfies to the core. Loved how friendly and conversational the waitress was! Everyone in Portland seems to be so nice."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/tasty-n-sons-portland?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]