[[{"review_id": "4kW2-Cp6hbOG52Xc4huM2Q", "user_id": "7RX1yL5SaVALrOJ3bOnOgw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Blue Star Donut vs Voodoo donut seems to be a common debate here in Portland. While Voodoo donut seems to symbolize Portland's weirdness more accurately with it's outlandish designs, Blue Star Donut definitely takes home the crown in terms of flavor, taste, and intricacy. Here is the list of donuts I tried in order of my personal preference with #1 being my favorite:1. Passion Fruit with cocoa nibs: this took me by surprise and was pleasantly balanced between light/refreshing and sweet.2. Maple Bacon: a bit heavier but perfect for those sweet cravers3. Blueberry bourbon basil: light and sweet, you really cant go wrong with this.4. Creme brulee: creme brulee on a donut, what more can you ask for5. strawberry: a bit bland, nothing really special6. Valrhona chocolate crunch: perfect for chocolate lovers but a bit heavy and too chocolatey for meOverall, Blue Star lives up to its hype. The flavors are unique and tasty. I hope they consider opening a branch in socal area :D. I would definitely recommend splitting donuts if you have a big group so you can get a taste a little bit of everything."}, {"review_id": "jzDxEutfrN-8qFI2kC7Ehw", "user_id": "Wx1rs4eJtib5TDZwFvSkUw", "rating": 2.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "I don't know if I hit it at the wrong times...(but it was 3 separate purchases over 2  locations and on 2 different days in mornings and afternoons) all of them were dry or just off each time. I was extremely excited about the unique options... so I ordered a bunch overall and only one was really good:Maple bacon - dry Blueberry bourbon basil - dry Creme brûlée - ok this one was super good Lemon poppyseed- dryValrhona Chocolate - ok, but chocolate was a little sour Carrot zaatar - yuck PB&J - almost a win ($33 later...)So as you can see many ended up being dry... I'll just touch on a few:Bueberry bourbon was dry and didn't even taste unique, just sweet. The carrot zaatar was a huge miss, it was overwhelmingly meat-like in flavor which was very off putting. I love zaatar spice, but I think I'll pass on it being used in desserts in my future. The PB&J was good, but I wish they left the spice off. I'm a fan of unique combos and spiced desserts... but this one seems a little thrown together. It's like you take a bite, and it's good, but then your mouth gets a little spicy afterwards... I just don't really get it since it wasn't actually adding to the flavor overall. Creme brûlée- yeah this is delicious and I would get it again and again. Crunchy candies outside, nice custard inside with a pipette of Cointreau - yum. So, I want to try going AGAIN... I would love to try the horchata one (the O.G.) and the hard apple cider fritter. Then if those knock my socks off, I'll update my review. In the meantime, Voodoo wins in my book. (And Cafe Dulce in Japantown Los Angeles is my ultimate winner if you're wondering haha)"}, {"review_id": "l22Xf73Vvi4J14L-sysy3g", "user_id": "-jYjxPFg8p1A1Vx3f0DgGA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "I am that person walking through airport security with a box of donuts. Had I known that they had a spot inside the terminal, it would have saved me time and an arm, but it was worth it!I already had the cinnamon sugar which is a classic donut in my book to test whether a place knows how to make a good donut and it was so good! The texture of the donut wasn't dense like most places. It was really easy to eat, which is hard for me to do usually with a donut. One bite is usually good enough for me unless it's a sugar donut from Krispy Kreme.The creme brûlée looked so interesting that I had to get it. I love it when science meets food. And it is delish! One of a kind... love it!So happy that I got a box of Blue Star doughnuts sitting on my kitchen counter. Can't wait to try the other ones!"}, {"review_id": "HehXmBbsdwR33ft5F76Mhg", "user_id": "hN1jS9ib44raF_bPnhxaFg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "The donuts here are great as they have a variety of flavors that will satisfy one of your cravings, maybe two.  Personally I think Blue Star is better than Voodoo in terms of consistency and taste.   Voodoo is more geared towards tourists, family and kids.   Blue Star is more of adults, such as their blueberry bourbon basil, almond ganache, creme brulee, maple bacon, etc.   This is similar to Lucky's donut up here in Vancouver.The employees are great, the place is nice and clean and very simple layout, which is wide open for you to see what is going on.If you're visiting Portland, this is a must place to go and get a donut, any time of day.  I would have had one during breakfast, and then another at night as a little evening snack but I held back, although I did buy some for the way back to Vancouver, BC.  My friends bought a half dozen.  =)"}, {"review_id": "U4hyrdsN0aaz_iyKzlZuZg", "user_id": "QwUG9jcgBU3eDMcdKDUrzA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "Who doesn't love donuts!?Sure there were some pretty typical donuts you can find at other donut shops, but also a few new ones that you might not. If you're in town and want some delicious donuts I highly recommend this donut shop out of the other trendy spots in town. You will not be disappointed"}, {"review_id": "J18SOfWIgre5y7WudH58sg", "user_id": "3gVtNG4J3TbO02FdxUxIPA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "Impressed! My boyfriend and I came here because I had to try their vegan donuts. He's not big into donuts but decided that he would try one anyways. When we got there on a Friday afternoon there was a bit of a line but it moved quickly. I ended up ordering their vegan cinnamon sugar donut and he got the spicy passion fruit one. My donut was delicious. It was really dense but a very fluffy texture and the flavor was right on. It almost tasted like a churro. My boyfriend really liked his too. He said it was a good combination of sweet and spicy which is something different for donuts. Definitely stop by and check them out. They have a great selection of flavors, vegan and not."}, {"review_id": "8_QLTYQpWp7FTyYb0KJ5jQ", "user_id": "QjQND4xv6saxKL8eg7hfCA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/16/2018", "text": "Talk about choices!! We stopped here twice while in Portland. The staff were extremely helpful and offered insight into some of their more popular donuts and had fun while doing so. There wasn't much of a line while we were here so we chatted some with the staff and as well paid and were getting settled to eat our donuts one of the cashiers gave us a donut on the house (passion fruit with cocoa nibs). It was a wonderful surprise! All in all we tried 7 different donuts. 1) Mexican hot chocolate (has a nice kick at the end of the bite)2) passion fruit with cocoa nibs3) olive oil and orange** ( one of my favs)4) old fashioned 5) OG6) lemon curd (if you  tart like I do)7) PBJ (tastes just like a PBJ sandwich)"}, {"review_id": "6degWFi2tRjXlCHaYst7XQ", "user_id": "Rm7fMYFT-EIUdUjiqnw3bg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/9/2018", "text": "I've tried probably almost every donut Blue Star makes, and they are all amazing! Their brioche dough is fluffy, moist, and never too sweet. All their flavors are unique and never overly drenched on the donut. There's always something for everyone. Something sweeter, like their chocolate ganache, or something more savory, like their bacon donut. My favorite is their passionfruit. It's a little tart and a little sweet. The only thing that bums me out is that they are no longer making donuts fresh in-house. They all come from one baking location and get sent out to all the locations. From what I understand, they do send a few shipments a day (so the donuts are still fresh from the day). But the downside is that once they run out, that's it! You have to wait from another batch to come in. So timing is hard and mostly just luck. So I highly suggest calling in to see what they have if you have something particular in mind."}, {"review_id": "yflflEHfr2TzVQ0OMytD5w", "user_id": "pE_rKN0nhg1QRbr9dxiDew", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/5/2018", "text": "Whoa. This place does it and does it well if you're looking for some quality donuts. As a tourist most people go to Voodoo during their time in Portland, but I'd recommend Blue Star instead if you had to choose between the two. Sure, Voodoo's donuts are quirky, cute, and even downright out there, but if you're looking for artisanal donuts this place has it. By the time I reached Blue Star I was close to being broke as eating around Portland really can burn a whole in your wallet. And with the last couple dollars, I tried out the Blueberry Bourbon Basil ($3.25) since it was a highlight. And boy, was it a great choice! The donut itself was fluffy but had kind of a nice chew to it (that doesn't sound appealing but it worked!). And the 3 flavors mixed together were a really interesting combination, not one I've had before, but one I'd definitely come back for. You could really taste them all in that single donut! I wish I brought a whole dozen back but next time I'll just come back in a more spend mood. Yeah, they're a bit pricey but so worth it!"}, {"review_id": "D9HNC8rV_Pj9-9hlIoHK2g", "user_id": "nwef1KmvCxvEoAOUnaqCnQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/1/2018", "text": "I'm not a big donut person, but I could not stop eating these! I would say the unique flavors are worth the wait - my favorite being the blueberry bourbon basil. They definitely have perfected the art of balancing flavor profiles.If you come during the rush, they have posters and signs that'll keep you entertained while you're in line and if you run out of things to read you can watch them make each donut by hand. It's really the perfect blend of modern decoration with a traditional concept!"}, {"review_id": "km2dKPaRtjGttkNnIH4Pyg", "user_id": "Gm_JQaYXmUdOjfC4wM7PTw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "Simple, but delishFresh out of oven flavorBetter than VoodooImagine that. I come to Portland and end up eating donuts everyday. Voodoo certainly gets most of the hype. For my money, I would take Blue Star over Voodoo. Voodoo has really creative combinations, but every time I went it seemed like my donut had the been sitting out for awhile funk. At Blue Star, the donuts are warm, the frosting is not yet dry, and they literally melt in your mouth. Most of their donuts are pretty basic and cost somewhere in the three to four dollar range. I had a strawberry and a blueberry. Just frosting on just a donut, but when you do it right, you do it right. Seating is minimal. Maybe about 15 seats around the window. I ate in both times. When the donuts are that fresh, you do not want to waste anytime getting down to business."}, {"review_id": "V66SAcenTgHqn3FQ-kLzOA", "user_id": "KK0wc85FN18iMNWBkMCBzw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/25/2018", "text": "This is the doughnut place that locals go to and considered premium! If you want a spot with shorter lines and great tasting doughnuts, then come here! There are so many selection from doughnuts with a bit of liqueur to vegan! I really miss their matcha doughnut (bring it back please!)They also serve coffee (cold or hot) and tea which goes quite well with a doughnut ;).Service here is also quick and friendly. My colleague and I grabbed a two dozen doughnuts here twice and we were in and out really quick and only took about 10 mins.TIP: They also have a spot at the pdx airport so you can grab some as a souvenir for friends and family!"}, {"review_id": "qePCSqrJKcihgq07jWwxxA", "user_id": "YSG1faJQlIc-omsMec_eOQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "AmbianceBlue Star Donuts gives a very clean and modern feel inside.  Open industrial concept that shows the main baking area.  This is a place where there are some seats to eat but I'm sure most are grab and go orders. FoodThe donuts are super fresh and tasty.  The donuts like the creme brûlée are novel concepts.  Definitely get a dozen to satisfy the need to try them all.  However, the major issue with a place like this is spending $4 for a donut would be a tough pill to swallow for me if I was a local.  I need at least 2 to make me feel full.  It's hard to justify $8 for every visit if I were to frequent it often.ServiceI have never went during the morning because I am not an early riser.  I'm sure that it is way busier then.  Most of the times I have went it is in the afternoon when it is pretty dead.  The service was very good."}, {"review_id": "-tdaO6WHKqlgfgEnNC8Bjw", "user_id": "tgxOMt72pALx3_r2uZ92tQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/10/2018", "text": "These donuts are good, not amazing. Were they better than what you'd get at your average shop? Maybe. Did they live up to the hype? No. Am I glad that I went? Yes. Was my life changed? No. The quality was good and they had some cool donuts. But, they did not offer much variety (they don't have standard donuts). I guess this makes it easier to order and to get in and out of there. Overall, not impressed."}, {"review_id": "o5BwVLGVnDT92n2MP4EqcA", "user_id": "UU33lL1OpLIVYXjuw071PA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "Had the bacon donut (not bad), the blueberry donut (not bad) and the carrot donut (amazing...but oh so many calories).The carrot was more of a fritter than anything else. It had great flavors, a tinyyy bit too much glaze, and was about a pound on its own. It was unlike any donut or pastry I've ever had before and I would eat them for breakfast every day if I could!The shop itself was very clean, well lit, and service was quick."}, {"review_id": "x20Fup0NCLH5OxSpHYkvWg", "user_id": "TMv2FLijLLr1R92AEoRYPw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/10/2018", "text": "My favorite donut place ever!I've left a review for this place but at a different location so I'll keep this one short. High quality, gourmet donuts. Don't expect something so sweet it stings your teeth. Artfully curated, the perfect texture that enhances the taste. You cannot go wrong here! They have fun flavor combinations you wouldn't normally see, and most of all, they're quick and they're SO FRIENDLY. No wonder they have so many stores opening up all over Portland AND 2 IN LA! Can you tell I love this place?"}, {"review_id": "6eu410prcesStgzx-vo9lA", "user_id": "yzV3mXtCnQggGLQEK8YWAA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "Hands down one of my favorites in Portland. Went here early on a Friday morning and appreciated the energy from the employees ! They were singing and enjoyed each other's and customers' company!They offer a variety of choices (even vegan donuts). I loved the simplicity of the donut display; they're presented easily for customers to choose!The softness of the 4K ROSE was perfect! The sweetness is not overpowering, and I've never tasted anything like it!Price ranges is average $3-5/ donut but worth it especially if you're visitor! Blue Star is a must-have in this city!"}, {"review_id": "C3pp2_3y_Wp3Z_Qj34RMXg", "user_id": "drzW920Yf74ydnfVVVThkw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/16/2018", "text": "We visited this place and our friends went crazy buying donuts.  There were only seven of us but six of us agreed to eat donuts and we ordered 13 donuts from Blue Star Donuts.  Just to name a few, we had the Real Maple Bacon which was my favorite as it was salty and sweet with bits of bacon atop.  My least favorite was the Meyer Lemon and Key Lime Curd, I normally don't like super sour donuts so if you are into this, you would like it. The Chocolate Almond Ganache was very sweet and chocolately with peanuts on top.  The Lemon Poppy was different, it was a bit sour with creamy buttermilk but topped with lemon zest and poppy seeds.  The Cinnamon Sugar was just average to me, it was not worth my calories.  My other favorite was the Cointreau Crème Brulee filled with thick vanilla custard.  The pipette was filled with Cointreau which is orange liqueur to add the citrus taste for taste balancing.  The Blueberry Bourbon and Raspberry Rosemary Buttermilk ones were sophisticated treats as per the names.  The Hard Apple Cider Fritter was different because it was thick and the shape of drew me into wanting to eat it.  I liked the Passionfruit Cocoa Nibs with bits of cacao, this donut had good texture and had a good balance of sweet and tart. I would come back here if I came to visit Portland again."}, {"review_id": "lWpJvvHVPEv-0k3D8Vl6zw", "user_id": "rcZmGvLPPnzgPLd-JQqf8A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/18/2018", "text": "Honestly I'm not the biggest donut person, and when I do eat donuts I like it keep it OG with a glazed donut. Blue Star was pretty good and had some interesting flavors. My favorite was probably the Creme Brulee."}, {"review_id": "IhRkl6EmvzmNXsRNhp0cEg", "user_id": "eCYJBN0nGSMZiocSkiJl6w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/28/2018", "text": "The staff here are so fun and nice! They greeted us and answered our questions with rosy cheeks and jolly smiles.What we got:1. Chocolate almond ganache 2. Blueberry bourbon basil 3. Passionfruit cocoa nibs4. Vegan blueberryMy restaurant biz veteran friend took a bite of the blueberry bourbon basil donut and said, \"That is fucking awesome.\" Straight face, never heard anyone so serious. This is the guy who barely reacts to any food because his palate has been ruined by amazing food. Write this one down to try.The others were alright according to my other friends. All of the donuts went unfinished though, so I'm guessing they weren't amazing.My vegan blueberry donut was very good, although very greasy. Way greasier than the Voodoo donut I got afterwards. The flavor is delicious once I soaked off some the the oil with a napkin. It tastes like a very moist blueberry muffin.I'd say it's worth a try, but not worth paying over $3 a donut again.However, bonus points for offering vegan options!Street parking."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/blue-star-donuts-portland?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]