[[{"review_id": "f6lw3_p44NVybtl2rz_fUg", "user_id": "Wk6PRBf6dmCpt29Bp81Mxw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "Must be good when there's always a line! The line moves pretty quickly because of their excellent customer service. While you're on line, they have people who asks you which flavors you would like to sample. The best part is ...unlimited sampling! After, you choose what to order and they make it and bring it to you. So while you wait to pay, you're already indulging into your delicious ice cream bowl/cone. Always get the waffle cone for an extra buck it's freshly made! We sampled most of the flavors and ended up with strawberry coconut (vegan) and gooey brownie. It was a hard decision to choose two flavors out of the eight we sampled. This place is worth the wait and grab some samples while you're at it !"}, {"review_id": "VUflpLoyjNMyYy5Q22eCag", "user_id": "KpOE-Z-gzJxwZqss8vO3Tg", "rating": 2.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "I feel really bad leaving this review, because my experience seems so far off from the majority here that I can't help if something was wrong.  The experience here is really fun, because the line of people waiting for ice cream create a little social gathering.  There are families, couples, groups-of-friends, and everyone is happy and enjoying the moment in anticipation of delicious ice cream.After about a 15 or 20 minute wait, I ordered the \"Freckled Woodblock Chocolate\" in a waffle cone.  At my first taste, I thought i liked it.  The chocolate taste was smooth, and there was a prominent taste of salt in there.  I have to tell you, I love salty flavors.  In general, I really enjoy salty things, such as potato chips, french fries, or pop-corn.  I almost never complain about something being too salty, until today.  As I continued to eat my cone, I became more and more aware of the overly prominent taste of salt in the ice cream.  I'm pretty open minded about most things, especially food, and typically I'm open to trying things that are outside the traditional. Sometimes a bit of salt in something chocolate accents the taste nicely, but in this case, the salt was way-way-way too overbearing.  I kept eating my ice cream thinking that \"maybe this is just the way it is supposed to be\" and \"I know Portland is often different\", but I could just not get over the over-saltiness.  I could not finish my ice cream, and had to toss it in the garbage can.  I was left searching for a glass of water to clear the salt from my throat.After we left, I was curious and went to the \"Salt and Straw\" website to see how they described the \"Freckled Woodblock Chocolate\", and it said: \"...We add in a bit of Jacobsen sea salt...\"  There was way more than \"a bit\" of salt in my ice cream.  If it was supposed to be that salty, then it was too salty for me (the life long salt lover).  I'm guessing that there was some kind of mistake or something that resulted in a bad batch of ice cream.My wife got a scoop of vanilla that tasted really good, but she also got a scoop of the \"Freckled Woodblock Chocolate\" and felt the same about the over-saltiness.  She also tossed her cone in the garbage half way through.Sorry folks, but this wasn't a good ice cream experience for us."}, {"review_id": "r8Oi1b-kF4U3poFxGPMiQA", "user_id": "yxtwZzmnCYiMatSeT65rAA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "On a stunning Sunday night through the Rose city. We found ourselves coming out of dinner with a sweet craving that only Salt & Straw could satisfy. My friend was DETERMINED to go to this OG location and so were the other people in line wrapping around the building. But the weather was nice the flavors were flowing. Right now they have a star special menu. Created by the genius minds of middle schoolers. You can try flavors like tacocat, the butterfly, sticky honey croissant. These little chefs know a thing about some good eats. 3/4 people in our group ended up with a nice scoop of Tacocat. If you're like me. You freaking love chocotacos. And this definitely hits that ice cream truck delight. The ingredients stand to their reputation. High quality stuff for high quality flavor. I would have liked to be more adventurous and try more of their savory and sweet flavors. But the night was on its way to chilling down. I grabbed a pint to go. And found myself with an empty carton days later - needless to say my BF now owes me another scoop of fine dine ice cream!"}, {"review_id": "M3EO3ITRCQnPVAx2st9w6w", "user_id": "dVoe_2EbPrqZ8xlePGbwug", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "EXCEPTIONAL FLAVOR!  A MUST IN THE SUMMER! Consider that you must wait at least 30 minutes to get service, where you will be offered samples from any of the extravagant flavors that identify this iconic ice cream.IF you already know what to get and decide to get a pint of ice cream, you may skip the line and buy what you want.The location has only a few seats inside and they're free most of the time, as everyone leaves the place once they buy their coveted goods. There are about 5 benches outside, which may be taken by people waiting for their party in line trying to experience the tasting of the ice cream (Highly recommend!)The best selling flavor is \"Sea Salt with Caramel Ribbons\", the first option available in the menu. That flavor will do you good but feel free to get the \"Tasting Flight\" with 4 flavors for $9.00.In my opinion, you should avoid going with the waffle cone (Single scoop for $4.10, double scoop for $6.10) and go for the plain cup so you can get only the taste of their delicious ice cream.If you bring the kiddos, they can have a smaller portion for $3.10 but unless they're very small, you should go for the regular size.You may want to experiment with the flavors that students from local elementary school helped to create... Like \"Tacocat\" or \"butterfly yum\"... You're on your own...mWhy are you still reading this? GO and buy it now!"}, {"review_id": "2P66RgcUcrDN43XuGSaI-w", "user_id": "MIyrnSMPgxhGxVQ4V8TLEA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/29/2018", "text": "I'm not usually an ice cream person, but this place came highly recommend by my friends. Parking: Street parking available if you can find it or there are parking lots in the area. The line: be prepared for a line. It wasn't apparent to me as to why until I got inside the restaurant. When it's your turn to order, one of the staff greets you and asks what flavors you wish to try. You then walk to the counter where you can continue to try more flavors of ice cream. After contemplating and sampling, I ordered their Specialty flavor: chocolate caramel potato chip cupcake and smoked sea salt with chocolate covered feuilletine. I'm so glad that I picked the flavors I did! The flavors were incredible and very delicious. I enjoyed my ice cream and visit here! Friendly staff, delicious ice cream.. I am a fan!!"}, {"review_id": "-Pf7NzlybMC0rBoBFs8Q7Q", "user_id": "cgXzSVLuasUTFVrqPgzdAQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/8/2018", "text": "Public service announcement: Pots of Gold is back for March!! This is my most favorite flavor from Salt & Straw, which is their ice cream made of cereal milk and Lucky Charms and it is an absolute sensation and must try if you're stopping by. Please don't feel scared by the massive lines waiting. It may seem unworthy for ice cream, but Salt & Straw isn't typical ice cream. It's deliciousness in a cup/cone. For $4.50, I recommend getting a split scoop so you can have your 2 favorite flavors all at once :) Some other favorite flavors of mine: salted caramel, honey lavender, and pear with blue cheese (yes, it's actually good)."}, {"review_id": "WSELYk6rOROYihoGDQDyUg", "user_id": "KRYQGA74lf-HMqHNayfISQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/23/2018", "text": "Delicious, unique ice cream.If you're visiting Portland, this is a must on your list of places to check out. There are only a handful of locations in downtown Portland so there's always a wait, but it's definitely worth it. You're entitled to as many tastings as you'd like so use that to your advantage."}, {"review_id": "fCxzvbHFKr2sy5DP05oymg", "user_id": "IClxkWJtT8Y3CBhUpZ3wDA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "Salt and StrawMy wife and I went here just based on the Yelp Reviews when we were visiting PDX to see if we wanted to potentially move here, PDX, not Salt and Straw. We were not disappointed.We were staying in the Pearl District at the Residence Inn-check out my review regarding that-and walked from there to the Salt and Straw, which was about a 23 minute walk each way, but was pleasant and well worth it.A few neat experiences, FYIs and Tips! Firstly, (TIP-Ahead) you can taste as many of the favors as you want to! And none of them with those yucky plastic spoons, you get to taste them with authentic silver small tasting spoons that can be REUSED- people (this company and these people care about our  planet! ). Who doesn't love a place that allows you to taste their product before you buy? Especially something as ambiguous as ice cream.Secondly, (TIP-Ahead) their flavors change and rotate which is nice and some are just their standards. Our favorite standard was their Sea Salted Caramel. This ice cream has the ingredients that dreams are made of people, I'm telling you. I think the cows personally come to their shop, and deliver the cream to them for this. I have never in my life tasted perfection or cream like this. The ones that do change, like when we visited, were created by local elementary school children-how amazing is that????? We really liked the Sticky Bun one that they made. Thirdly, (TIP-Ahead) once you have tired the flavors and cannot decide, I recommend the tasting flight, it's $9.00, cannot beat this for the price, and what you get. You can share with a friend too. Fourthly, (TIP-Ahead) they have a complimentary water-like fountain dispensary and cups to the side you can use-we all know how ice cream makes us all desert-like thirsty! These people think ahead and think of everything. Lastly, (TIPS-Ahead) you return your dishes to the front when you're done, for example if you get the tasting flight. Also, if you want the hand packed options of their products in the side freezer by the cash register, then you just select them and go straight to the cash register, you DO NOT need to wait in line with everyone else that wants the hand-scooped stuff and so on, this will save you TONS of time, as this place has been known to have lines that circle the block! Be aware there is NOT a lot of seating or standing room either. That's it! Enjoy !P.S. The Honey Lavender ice cream, you're either going to love it or think it taste like soap! Sorry for the novella! ‍"}, {"review_id": "mXn90h60oCo7EGCorlAZrA", "user_id": "3i48mMo0ydcfJd1-7_Iieg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/16/2018", "text": "We were lucky that there was not a long line when we went here. I like coming here every now and then as they usually have some crazy flavors of the month.  This month,  the flavors were all based on some sort of chocolate with them partnering up with some of the local chocalatiers. The service here is always top notch. All the employees are friendly and most importantly willing to let you sample any flavor you want. If there is a line, the enployee will walk up to you and ask if you want to sample any flavors before getting up to the counter. I was too eager to eat my ice cream that i didn't get to take a picture of it....but it was delicious!"}, {"review_id": "c3T61wId2JZoGlqn8ZypIw", "user_id": "cm7ukkKYK5gAfvHckWjoOQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/26/2018", "text": "Came here with my wife during our trip to Portland. I don't eat much dairy due to being lactose challenged lol, but she raved about how good Salt & Straw was when she was last in Portland. Figured I had to give it a try. The ice cream was excellent! The staff are so friendly and patient. Allowing you to try many flavors so that you make the right choice for yourself. Line can get pretty long, especially during peak hours like right after dinner. There is minimal seating inside the shop, so be prepared to stand. Prices were decent, and the ice cream was great quality with unique flavor pairings. I had no regrets giving Salt & Straw a try, and would definitely go there again. I know they have locations other than Portland, so just look them up, and they may be in your area. If they are, they are definitely worth a try!"}, {"review_id": "4HOSq-GVT7p3T1WwPdBIhg", "user_id": "KpT04gs-GMsjG8lQVkWtaQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/16/2018", "text": "Came in on a Thursday night around 9pm.We waited no longer than 7 min! I enjoyed the sea salt caramel with the chocolate goose brownie in a fresh waffle cone! My boyfriend is very simple and was sold on the vanilla with fudge and rainbow sprinkles! Service was very quick and she seemed very happy doing her job.Glad we have this back in San Francisco now!"}, {"review_id": "iDwFdwxENAYoKyYNJKEI4Q", "user_id": "juBZHqprUb0P7HQJlToj0Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "It was so creamy and they had such unique flavors. It was so good, I went back again the same day..."}, {"review_id": "4h3Z61lcoS2GJxfEz2Qn8Q", "user_id": "xLoLsQ6k5GOrPTl0Y7jwxg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/8/2018", "text": "Don't hate, but I'm not a big ice cream fan! I know, weird. If I'm going to indulge, I prefer a piece of dark chocolate or a slice of cake, sans ice cream! On a rare sunny day in February, there was no line outside of Salt & Strae, and I actually felt obligated to take advantage of this rarity, for all those who do love ice cream, really love Salt & Straw, and wait in very long lines for a scoop.Taking full advantage of being able to walk right up to the counter, I tried some of their February specials that focused on various combinations with chocolate. I wanted to love the honey ice cream with fudge but I only tasted the fudge. I'm all about anything with figs, but the chocolate and fit combo also fell short. The rose petal and fudge was good although I didn't really taste the rose petals; tasted like vanilla with fudge swirled in. The few times I've been to Salt & Straw over the years, I've done a split scoop (more than one scoop would be too rich for me so I love that they offer half scoops) of Sea Salt and Caramel Ribbons with a half scoop of Almond Brittle with Salted Ganache (there's a theme here!) but today I split the scoop with rose petal fudge and Almond brittle. It was delicious and satisfied my ice cream fix for another year!Staff is always patient, very knowledgeable on all the unique flavors, generously offering and encouraging tastings. If you pass by on the rare occasion when there is no line, go for it, it's your lucky day!"}, {"review_id": "lARERGaBxAh-tWn8f3RiNA", "user_id": "ZvOq4_jErHRaL7O7OflLvg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "Love this place! When you walk in, the smell of the homemade cones hits you. I don't usually get s cone but these waffle cones are made fresh right in front of you. There was quite a line but it moved pretty fast. They offered as many tastes as you wanted to help you decide. I ended up getting the olive oil and honey. It didn't sound appetizing but it was really good. I had s split scoop and also got the salted Carmel, which is my go to flavor."}, {"review_id": "8Bfj8Fs0-K30SLlfuNCBgw", "user_id": "_kq9t9najTTZw-eT0VNBgw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/30/2018", "text": "Look, if you're a foodie, which I presume is a given for someone reading Yelp, you NEED to visit Salt & Straw, even if you don't have a great love for ice cream.Why? Because it's all about the flavors, especially the mixing of the flavors, unusual flavors, like balsamic & strawberries. Sweet and savory is a classic combination, often tried in hot foods, but one visit here will convince you it can be done in desserts, and cold creams.Their offerings change frequently, so I won't review exactly what we ate, because those will probably not be there the day that you visit, but let me leave you with a strong recommendation to go, take all your friends, and enjoy! (And leave a Yelp review yourself.)"}, {"review_id": "ZJmDGTbOByn9xrtaZGaO8w", "user_id": "Ech7QFWrF84mgFLYapxyWA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/30/2018", "text": "The wait is real with this one. I waited a little over an hour and to sample the Almond Brittle with salted ganache, sea salt with caramel ribbons (they weren't kidding with all these salts), Honey Lavender, Meyer Lemon Meringue Pie, and Coava Coffee & Cocanu Craque. No shame because I truly want to explore all the possible options.Flavors are unique for sure, but slightly overhyped. I think if anyone has the fortune of going to a gourmet ice cream place, then the novelty might not be as strong. The flavors would've been even better if you could taste more of the authentic ingredients but it was close.I really like pairing ice creams so that the flavors complement each other to make for a wholesome, kick butt ice cream experience. Ultimately ended up going with the honey lavender and classic Portland Almond Brittle with salted ganache, which didn't complement as well as I would've liked. Probably would've chosen something with a more tangy taste like the lemon to go with either of these flavors.Definitely worth a visit but make sure you have time to wait in line."}, {"review_id": "JXVpDzIKIooRvoEvapda8Q", "user_id": "7PHHxsjyk7I7oM6ENxwZZQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/25/2018", "text": "As with Voodoo Donuts, I'd say how much this is worth it depends entirely on how crazy the line is. Worth the price: absolutely (we did the $9 four half-scoop flight, and while it's not a lot of ice cream for $9, it is insanely good, and super rich - for how rich it was, I was satisfied with how much ice cream I got). Worth spending a few minutes in line? Also totally yes. Worth spending an hour in a line around the block, which from all the queueing I saw set up, is clearly a thing that happens sometimes? Yeah, how about no thanks. Thankfully, when we were there, there was a bit of a line, but only *barely* out the door, so we were in line for maybe 5-10 minutes (I forget exactly how long it was, but it wasn't too crazy, and I definitely thought it was worth it.)The flavors we tried were honey lavender, lemon meringue pie, strawberry balsamic with black pepper, and the famous olive oil. All of them were super rich, and totally bursting with fresh flavors (though I felt the honey lavender could have used a bit more honey, and the strawberry balsamic had a lot of strawberry and balsamic, but I didn't get much black pepper). The olive oil was definitely the winner, in that, unlike the other flavors, I was totally unconvinced that that would actually taste good, but wow did it. It absolutely does taste like olive oil, and it turns out olive oil actually makes an insanely delicious ice cream, who knew? I'd totally go back for that. (But not if the line was around the block. Go during off hours!)"}, {"review_id": "dA5qL6U-e5pyn4Am_mgSsw", "user_id": "P2sQVHyHmy4WA0I7NI5hWg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/16/2018", "text": "Incredible.  As far as artisan ice creams go. Amazing. Kid friendly flavors and yet culinary creations to pique the curiosity of even the most discerning gastronaut. Classic flavors that you will love.Honey lavender.Coava coffee and cocanu craque Roasted strawberry coconut Almond brittle with salted ganache Sea salt with caramel ribbons Limited edition flavors.*Pots of gold and rainbows (lucky charms, to die for)Chocolate caramel potato pancake Meyer lemon Meringue (marshmallow swirls and lemon curd)*these change on monthly basis Sundaes, ice cream floats, milk shakes and whole pints of this deliciousness available for carry out.  Specialty gifts from local purveyors.Love it!!!"}, {"review_id": "rlrWJfzWig8HP5ra6_a6Sg", "user_id": "DVHeHJWyDetbsfVKre886A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/25/2017", "text": "Absolutely stunning for so many reasons.The moment you step in, the simplistic yet contemporary design is welcoming and exciting.The menus are easy to read, artistic and diverse.The ice cream is handmade and unforgettable.The ingredients, the imagination of flavors, the recipes, untouchable.The service, friendly, quick, always with a smile.  They seem to actually really care.Prices are reasonable.Additionally, we informed them we have a peanut allergy.  They opened a brand new tub of ice cream, used a new scooper, and read the ingredients of what we chose to ensure no nuts are involved nor cross contamination!!!  Ice Cream taken to another level.  Service to match.  Long lines that move within good speeds, pricing that I wouldn't mind pay a bit more on.5 Stars, will always revisit, and come to Seattle please!!!Oh, and that waffle cone....best cone ever.  Now when I say that don't expect your mouth to explode.  Notice the little things, the way it crumbles, the way it has the perfect amount of slight sweetness, notice the perfect amount of thickness.  Notice the little things!"}, {"review_id": "hLIomS_zg1GA7zX6Pn0Uzg", "user_id": "wo1qkZ38DcsiN4Fezj0FcA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/2/2018", "text": "My favorite ice cream in Portland. It does get super crowded so if you can, try coming during the week and not in the summer (it at all possible). If you do come during the summer, get there early.I love the salted caramel and chocolate brownie (always available). My strategy is, try like 3 or 4 of the seasonal flavors and comparing it with the salted caramel."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/salt-and-straw-portland-2?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]