[[{"review_id": "VKkFO5gOaikq6GFkB3CVYg", "user_id": "0pIu5JTjHIrArnPsZvAArg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "Went during happy but I also ate off the regular menu. I ordered their mock California roll & ribs. The spicy chili pork riblets were delicious. I was able to share them with others and still have enough to myself. It wasn't spicy at all (I can eat spoonfuls of hotsauce though) & it made great leftovers.The rolls weren't anything special but I enjoyed it so much that I ordered two!Not sure on drinks? Definitely get their huckleberry mojito! To seal the deal the view is AMAZING. I can't wait to come back and visit. You can't complain about slow service if it is a weeknight! Every place will be busy because everyone wants to go out just like yourself!"}, {"review_id": "_ChxC_BbRdy3jxOQp0trEw", "user_id": "37VzPiZgN55iGw01WPsj_A", "rating": 1.0, "date": "4/27/2018", "text": "Our 18 year old wanted to have an upscale dinner for his birthday (he's an adult now afterall) so we made a reservation for both sets of parents and the kids (11-18) on a Thursday evening at 6:45.The server took some time to get to us and brought us one drink at a time.  When it came time to order I asked some questions about one of the menu items (I am sensitive to added sugars and wanted to clarify what was in a sauce).  He acted as if he had never been asked about ingredients before.  His answer was he didn't know and no one had ever asked.  Not that he would find out, not did I have something I was trying to avoid, just that he didn't know (and seemed not to care).  So I asked to leave the sauce off and swap out rice for extra vegetables.It took well over an hour to get out food.  No check back from the server to let us know there were any delays or offer more bread to the table.  We had to flag someone down to get another round of drinks.  When the food finally came all of the kids meals were cold.  My plate was pretty bare and there were certainly very few vegetables.  When the server came back to check on us (finally) I said I didn't think this was extra vegetables  and his answer was \"Well I didn't bring it out from the kitchen\".  Really?  This is fine dining service?  No offer to make it right, just defensive attitude?  We didn't even bother to mention the kids cold food.The view is amazing, I will give it that.  But for the price I would expect a lot better service and a lot better food.  I will not go again."}, {"review_id": "qXku5lH-E0HQszE7jE8aiw", "user_id": "but2s3yQA5LokHGCaVXHVg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/11/2018", "text": "I was genuinely surprised by Portland City Grill. With rooftop places like these with amazing views, food is normally compromised. It's hard to find one that I really enjoy. However, I am happy to say that this place has both a good view and good food. Portland City Grill is on the 30th floor and overlooks Portland. Unfortunately, I went during a stormy day, so there wasn't much of a view -- but it was still packed. The bar was full (probably for happy hour) and there was a live pianist. This is a great location for date night! I went on Prom night and it was adorable to see all these students dressed up in prom dresses. I ordered the SEAFOOD CIOPPINO as an appetizer. It was the perfect tomato seafood broth to warm me up on this cold day. There was so much seafood in it! I had a fat piece of salmon and a ton of calamari and scallops. I highly recommend this dish. Probably one of the better cioppinos I've ever had. For our main entree, we ordered the RACK OF LAMB and BONELESS RIBEYE. Both came with mashed potatoes. The rack of lamb was good, but not incredible. There wasn't a ton of flavor nor was it as juicy as the color made it seem. The ribeye, on the other hand, was actually quite good and comparable to a steakhouse. I'd recommend that over the lamb. I also had the sweetest waitress. She was incredibly kind. Even though it was packed and she couldn't always tend to us, when she did come, she'd always make sure to ask us how we're doing and make quick small talk. She did an excellent job.Overall, I really enjoyed this entire experience. It was my boyfriend's favorite meal the entire weekend in Portland. I don't think the food was as good as the other places I went, but the atmosphere definitely elevated the whole experience. Go Portland City Grill! Next time I come here, I hope the sky will be clear so I can admire the view."}, {"review_id": "_xNPMs4r68aV8ndYzeTZYw", "user_id": "utUE4f2cHFIpb6J8pdosNA", "rating": 2.0, "date": "3/13/2018", "text": "Let me just put it this way - if you're a foodie or have a more developed palette, you come here for the views and a drink - NOT the food. PCG has been an institution in Portland for a long time. The views are truly breathtaking and despite my lack of appreciation for their extremely mediocre food, I'll still come here for happy hour and recommend that friends visiting from out of town come here to grab a drink and sit by the window. But views aside, PCG is really doing itself and it's guests a disservice by not hiring a talented chef and culinary team for their kitchen. In fact, I wonder if they even have a real chef in the kitchen at all or if it's just a bunch of line cooks? The quality is worse than Cheesecake Factory in my opinion. The overall atmosphere aside from the views is also extremely boring as their decor is outdated by about 30+ years and the restaurants interior could use a major refresh. The service here is always friendly and professional, so along with the views I guess I'll give them a star for that. PCG has so much potential and I wish whoever the owners are would just close it down for a month, hire a real chef / solid team in the kitchen, develop a new menu, and give the place a makeover and overall rebrand."}, {"review_id": "n63Pr-V4F7yKKqHtuu9ncA", "user_id": "zMKWSl7SxxPW3nidytb91g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "Amazing view of downtown Portland and some great drinks plus a dope happy hour. Their drinks were very decently priced given the view tax and made fairly strong. Overall really liked the spot and will be back next time I'm in Portland."}, {"review_id": "gqi88nMd_zzA31R03cPalA", "user_id": "KpT04gs-GMsjG8lQVkWtaQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/16/2018", "text": "I made dinner reservations for two on 2/15 at 7pm. Parking is easy as they have a parking garage underneath which the restaurant validates.We got seated within 3 min of arriving and sadly it was an hour wait to sit next the window.We got seated a table away so we still got to enjoy the view! My boyfriend got a Jameson to drink and unfortunately  the waitress did not know the difference between some of the whiskey, nor did she go to the bartender to find out.For an appetizer we got Kung Pao calamari which too easily more than 25 min. When it finally came it was delicious. It was still battered and fried but tossed in a very flavorful sauce topped with onions and bell peppers.  We had to box most of it as our main course was coming out. For our man course I got the lamb while he got the river sirloin and wagyu that was on the chefs choice.Plates came out hot but when my boyfriend bit into his steak it wasn't as hot as the plate and it felt like it has been sitting out. They quickly took it back and had him a new one within 5 min. For my lamb it was ok. The temperature was hot enough but I asked for medium well and it looked like medium rare. The mashed potatoes that were with it were amazing and melted in your mouth. By the end of our meal we were just over the service and the food being mediocre. The best part was probably the view. Don't care to come back nor recommend this spot."}, {"review_id": "Kejbh3GVbkhOzmLoqxgu0g", "user_id": "640JloHIU4jEjdVrjlU68A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/25/2018", "text": "I cannot tell you how wonderful the view is when you are able to get a table along the window. Demand it when you make your reservation, would be my definite suggestion! So we finally, finally went there for dinner. The occasion was to thank my girlfriend, and we decided the Portland City Grill was The Location. After having visited during Happy Hour several times, with the good and affordable food served then, I was really looking forward to this experience.And it was wow, nice! We all enjoyed our food,  though here and there minor comments and suggestions were made. A string in the poke tuna hors d'oeuvre, too much mustard seeds with my entree. Let's see, who had what? My husband enjoyed his salmon, no complaints there. My girlfriend had the chicken and I the beef (with the heavy, just by a tad, mustard). We recommend all three dishes.  Dessert was fine. My husband loved his version of a crème brûlée (yes, next time I will take better notes and give you the proper names, duh, but I figure you are going to order what you like anyway), and my girlfriend received the gluten free, chocolate-ier-than-chocolate amd gooey dessert. It was fun! I just wish the top would turn, like the Peachtree Hotel in Atlanta, Georgia..."}, {"review_id": "nlhZ22AUy4THDwjMo9Th3A", "user_id": "QOxHYJ-gux2t98fk8KDQjQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "Best stop we ate at while in Portland. Great views... Live music.. Great customer service...Food was good.... I would differently recommend this place if any visit.."}, {"review_id": "1_0GdbZabwvI5Ztf8n4bwA", "user_id": "uKtpvZIBvthTFFntso1eAQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "Ambiance here is obviously great or at least I imagine most people come here for the view. If it is a clear day make sure you do the full walk around of the restaurant regardless of where your table is so you can see all of the mountains out. Service was good but my major issue with this place was that overall all of the dishes are just way too overdress/over-sauced. The chophouse caesar was fine but again too much dressing. The steaks are good as are the mashed potatoes on the side but all of the veggies had way too much sauce on them so basically neglecting any healthy aspect of the meal. The marbled black forest cheesecake for dessert was pretty darn good though... I'll give them that ;)"}, {"review_id": "yqR3aJc9e_XLUPhvz-Bx0w", "user_id": "hYLQPB1BC5R4Lt8vvA3Vuw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/3/2018", "text": "Drinks: - Pomegranate Martini - Ketel one citroen, pom juice, fresh lime sour ($13). It was good, and they gave a good amount of alcohol in it.Presentation: In a martini glass.Ambience and Decor: Such a great place that overlooks the city. It was a great window seat. So relaxing for a date night, hanging out with friends or eating with the family. We got in early so there was no line, but we did notice people were waiting soon after opening that was super long."}, {"review_id": "93W79EpZDlovEU4KaBKzZQ", "user_id": "ng0dtz--8RidYO1cDZgxjg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/30/2018", "text": "**LATE HAPPY HOUR REVIEW**It has been close to 10 years since we have enjoyed PCG's HH for the first time. The view is always amazing if you can get one of the prime booth seats (Frist come first serve). Parties of people to spread out and be really keen on scoping out seats.I'm one of them people. So we arrived at 8:40ish and start walking around to get a prime booth. A couple left at around 8:45ish and I went *ka ka!* and swooped in to take a seat (yes, one have to be agile, fast and speedy for that prime real estate).I text my hubs to come over and claim our territory.Customer service: I guess the servers are used to guests coming in early to take advantage of HH, because they didn't care that we sat down early to wait for HH start time at 9pm. The server we had was nice and understanding. Our water is refilled constantly so that's a benefit to be close to the bar service area.Kitchen service: we ordered our drinks (Basil Gimlet and Buffalo Trace Mahattan) and 3 dishes (spicy ahi tuna bowl, oven roasted salmon cakes, and spicy chili pork riblets). Ahi tuna came in first within 8 mins of ordering (that was too quick? Makes me wonder where it was supposed to go prior to our table?), then our drinks arrived at 11 mins mark, while the riblets and salmon cakes finished off at 15mins mark.Portion, price, taste: their food portions are decent for the price, but the taste is a bit lacking. The riblets are way too salty; the salmon cakes are not too bad, not great, just ok; the ahi tuna is good, but we can't really taste 'ahi' portion in the tuna. The HH cocktails are priced between $7-9. The basil gimlet is ok - more on the refreshing side. The hubs liked the Mahattan. It is more boozy tasting for him.Overall: Given that there is a lot of other HH's in Portland, I would come back every now and then for the great view and enjoy the mediocre food."}, {"review_id": "VmEXLsuvFcx2S0zTZlYaMw", "user_id": "HB6o_0Cb1WO4hC9YMs8ydg", "rating": 2.0, "date": "3/23/2018", "text": "Things in Portland are changing and not always for the better. That goes for this venerable establishment too. I've been coming to Portland City Grill since it was Atwater's and have always thought of it as a classy place, great for happy hour and a special spot to bring out of town guests. My husband and I recently visited the bar for happy hour on his birthday with friends and I'm sad to say this wasn't one of the highlights. Our table wasn't ideal but we were coping with that fine. We were in a corner near the window and had to adjust our seats a little due to the bright sunlight and in doing so, noticed some splashes that hadn't been cleaned up in our area. The menus were also filthy. Maybe the people who sat there right before us were pigs but it's not like we sat at a used table. It was open and unoccupied. We didn't find many veg options on the menu and when asked the server didn't have many suggestions for non alcoholic beverages. I'm in a rooftop bar, I don't just want a coke, and virgin margaritas are yesterday's news. The quality of the food also wasn't as good as we recall. We ordered some salad rolls but they were more like awkward salad cups that fall apart after the first bite. Either make it a roll or make it a salad. It's either finger food or fork food. It was just a big old mess. The curried fish and chips were a hit with our friends though. To be honest, at this point, I'm much more likely to go to Departure to enjoy some veg fare, creative mock tails and views than to return to PCG."}, {"review_id": "qJ4nKokbaz8hevtkAddUnA", "user_id": "cm7ukkKYK5gAfvHckWjoOQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/17/2018", "text": "The wife and I celebrated our wedding anniversary by taking a trip out to Portland. We wanted to have a special dinner on our anniversary day, and per many recommendations, and reviews read on yelp, we chose Portland City Grill.  It did not disappoint!It's located on the 30th floor of the US Bancorp Tower. The skyline views are amazing, especially if you time your dinner for around sunset. If you want a window table, make sure you note that in your reservation request, or be willing to wait an extra length of time to wait for one to be available. The wife and I did not want to wait the extra hour or so, so we settled for a table as closest possible to a window. Overall, our table wasn't that bad and we were easily able to see out the windows at the views. Our server was awesome! Not only did he provide us with recommendations (such as the steamed clams), but he was attentive and conversed with us at the right moments, while giving us our privacy to celebrate our anniversary. My wife had the Alaskan halibut, I had the filet mignon, and we shared the steamed clams. All in all, the food was great, and we had no complaints. The steamed clams were excellent and I recommend them! We had such an enjoyable experience, and created a wedding anniversary memory that we will never forget. Thank you Portland City Grill!"}, {"review_id": "s_7AGAQZgiAVFV83bcipoA", "user_id": "Xx6WJ6iGbNnGAcmS6ClWwA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "Came here on a Friday night and originally had reservations but when we got there didn't realize the amazing happy hour that was available. We switched to the bar and had a great time the drinks where so good and pretty big sized for happy hour. The salmon dish was so yummy and our bill was super low for four drinks and 5 dishes. The bartenders took care of me for my bday and where super friendly. Love it here and great views!"}, {"review_id": "c6H_zF-Up_o7sBKISjiOdA", "user_id": "zvQ7B3KZuFOX7pYLsOxhpA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/1/2017", "text": "Stunning view of Downtown Portland! I came here over Thanksgiving break with my family. My brother-in-law is from the area and he and his mom took us here for an afternoon coffee.The view is absolutely breathtaking. We stayed just for a little while to take photos. The bartender was super nice and didn't even charge us for coffee! He said that he doesn't charge people who just want to enjoy the view! So kind of him :)The restaurant portion looks so fancy! The menu looked great too and I'll have to come back here for dinner the next time I'm in Portland. The thing that stuck out to us was the wine lockers that people can rent. You can store your fancy wine there for keepsake and drink whenever you dine at the restaurant.We asked and they said it costs around $2000 a year! Talk about life goals! haha"}, {"review_id": "w0FClJePH3L9ssiVOe-vqg", "user_id": "BFBn44X2gnL1f8qSRT0H-Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/2/2018", "text": "My friend took me here after dinner to admire the view. He ordered us kung pao calamari to snack on, which was frankly awful. Each piece was a big soft ball of dough with a tiny sliver of squid in it. The serving was large, but the price was way high. It was worth it, though, for that view. What a place to hang out! If I lived in Portland, this is definitely where I would want to bring out of town guests for a more upscale happy hour. I hope some time in the future I can try some more happy hour bites and let the kitchen redeem itself, because this space is the bomb."}, {"review_id": "RmXh785YPk0dXDsfDGH8RA", "user_id": "VqPQJQZhi2fCbBt27EozMg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/29/2017", "text": "Portland City Grill is a fancy restaurant that sits atop the 30th floor of a downtown skyscraper, giving a 360 view of the city lights to its patrons. Those who come here for dinner can expect to pay upwards of $50/person, so we decided to come for happy hour instead. They have 2 happy hours, an early one and a late night. We sat at the bar and ordered the whiskey sour plus 3 happy hour dishes: pulled pork sandwich, salmon cakes, and a Caesar salad.Overall I was super happy with the outcome. The drink and food were all great (except for the salmon cakes, which were super fishy flavored). The pulled pork was a regular, full-sized sandwich, so it easily could be dinner for 1 person. The salad was pretty sizeable too. The happy hour prices are completely reasonable too. We paid less than $50, including the tip, for our total bill. That included the gingerbread cheesecake for dessert! The cheesecake is pretty good. Only order it if you like gingerbread though.My only disappointment is that they have a really strict happy hour policy: when the clock strikes 7, happy hour is OVER. It was 7:02 and we tried to order one more item from the menu but they wouldn't let us. It would be nice for a little more leniency."}, {"review_id": "WnmakvkCnBjrFhMVflT2Pg", "user_id": "hwDXZ-_TqLQIU4JXTOpbXA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/19/2018", "text": "Best views for an upscale restaurant in town. I had the fish special and it was amazing. The bread was delicious too. Try to beat rush hour and go earlier for an option to seat by the windows."}, {"review_id": "2-lc0oUMIIS4xHs04lwQSQ", "user_id": "8FyXIcePhSljqN7VYYte8Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/21/2017", "text": "Went there for happy hour which starts at 9pm! LOVE the happy hour, the menu options are just enough and really good. This time I got the ahi tuna bowl which was $8.85 which is a great price for the amount. Cocktails are fantastic, I got the whiskey sour which was $7. Great ambiance, great service, romantic setting as well. They also could validate your parking if you parked at their garage."}, {"review_id": "N6GqZCByX3B9FC0JpqHLEg", "user_id": "OWEeN3csWrIJ-8iRvtGa7A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Creme brulee is to die for! Great end to our evening and wonderful staff. The views are gorgeous!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/portland-city-grill-portland?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]