[[{"review_id": "y-Jj4Sdl7YpCuiapAUangA", "user_id": "bmSuFvdMyF66PDUZr9VfoQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/28/2017", "text": "I decided to take my colleague's suggestion and came here for lunch. It is a small place at the corner of a street. I was here with a friend and luckily, we were seated immediately upon arrival. However, by 12:30 PM, there was a line a the entrance. Before I talk about food, I would like to highlight the waiting staff that are very cheerful and helpful and the quick service. They were also kind enough to replace the mussels I first ordered that had prosciutto. I donot eat red meat and it was an oversight on my part to order that dish. Still, they replaced it with red curry sauce without any extra charge. So, we started with stuffed peppers which are stuffed with quinoa. The dish has a tomato tanginess and sweetness to it. It is topped with some melted cheese. For entree, we ordered chicken Milanese and mussels with red curry sauce. Chicken Milanese is fried chicken served with a variety of vegetables. The vegetable combination definitely elevated the chicken flavor. This place is well know for the mussels and I decided to try this popular menu item. Mussels are fresh and tasty. The curry flavor sometimes dominated the mussels flavor, but it was still delicious. I will try the white wine sauce next time! I recommend this place for brunch and lunch if you are going out with your friends or family. I am going back again!"}, {"review_id": "zG-wXwU0-9I7RcsscglK5w", "user_id": "6LK8019L37_snmMv0UkvBg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "The other half and I came to Point Brugge for a slightly late brunch today after our initial plans for the day changed.  The menu has intrigued us for a while and we both loved the Prix Fixe option.  We called ahead about a wait, and got there just within the window we'd been given. If it was less known Point Brugge would totally be a little gem in Point Breeze, but it's popularity (I've also heard rave reviews about their dinner) is far from a detriment. Our brunch was delicious.  I had the Frittata (which was excellent, but my only complaint was the pine nut & Parmesan breadcrumb on top tasted a little too nutty/toasted and slightly drowned out the rest of the flavors) with a side of Yoghurt and Granola (also super tasty) and Mimosa for the $21 side of the Prix Fixe and my girlfriend had the Chicken And Waffles (she'd also contemplated the Eggs benedict) with a side of bacon.  Hers (which i tried some of) was amazing, the sauce sealed the deal on the dish and the cornbread waffle was the stuff you could hardly tire of.  The chicken was perfect, as was her side of bacon.The staff was all highly attentive and service was prompt and comfortably quick.  Point Brugge was packed, but that clearly didn't bother the highly skilled staff. We'll be back!"}, {"review_id": "MHo5YlOOH9xnn3mdXh1FOA", "user_id": "HSJV_pFcJhS_Rtl1iiAs4Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "I love this place--it really feels European.  I had the mussels and the small plate of fried artichokes.  The mussels were pretty good--especially good for a non-sea coast city.  Their goodness did not depend on the creamy broth.  Minor thing--I wish the bread that accompanied it was a real baguette and not buttered--more in tradition with France and Brussels.  The fried artichokes were wonderful--and a nice presentation on greens and bean salad.  Crossings Sauvignon Blanc--excellent.Pleasant wait staff also.  Thanks!"}, {"review_id": "1u_WJ8ah_ez5bbgSc7UEUg", "user_id": "Lph6pJNcM2Hhrb6_5i3oBw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/28/2018", "text": "I've only been to Point Brugge Cafe once before - I ordered a chicken salad, but I didn't get the full experience, so a friend and I went to check it out tonight. We arrived at the restaurant around 6:15pm- they told us it would be about a 30 minute wait, but it ended up being 7 minutes. We got seated in the section near the kitchen. The restaurant was bustling the whole time we were there. Our table was small, but the perfect size for us. I ordered a glass of Riesling. We shared the Mediterranean appetizer. It was delicious. I definitely would get it again. The wait staff were very friendly and knowledgeable. I ordered the crab cakes small plate and the Brugge frites for my entree. The crab cakes were small, but the perfect side for the fries. The fries were good, but I've definitely had better. My friend also let me try her mussels in the white wine sauce. I had never had a mussel before, but I enjoyed it very much. I would definitely get them again. I'll be making way back to Point Brugge again. It's a very specific restaurant and a very niche market."}, {"review_id": "0qwIK9xvNQe0n9TbdD96cQ", "user_id": "GKlW5tDfCvAtbqnGzBokNw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/18/2018", "text": "My dad's favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh! Make sure to get there early or at an off time, because there can definitely be a wait otherwise. As everyone's saying, their mussels are so good! I usually get a small bowl and it's enough. If you're extra hungry, the normal size comes with fries which are delicious too- I usually steal a couple off of the people I'm eating with. It doesn't hurt that the service is nice as well! The restaurant is a little cozy in terms of size, but it's definitely got some character."}, {"review_id": "_DxlLbqBJvydfa_oJQM4Aw", "user_id": "6KUA3-IfHoAhQ3FL2djQoQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/12/2017", "text": "One of the few places that actually live up to its hype! Although they're known for their mussels, vegetarians can have an equally amazing meal here. We started with the Mediterranean platter which could have been a meal of its own. The platter is piled with assorted veggies and pita to be paired with the roasted garlic hummus and red pepper walnut dip. Although I was in it for the hummus, the red pepper walnut dip was my absolute favorite. Of course we had to order the Belgian frites which were the best fries I've had in a while. I ordered the veggie burger on top of all that but was so full from the platter that I just packed it up to go. However, I had to leave room for dessert. We had the Dave & Andy's vanilla and apple pie ice cream that's topped with chocolate and caramel syrup. Sooo yummy!Service was phenomenal across the board. The restaurant space is a little tight and they don't take reservations so we had a bit of a wait. However, the employees checked in on us frequently to make sure we were okay and seated us immediately as a table became available. Our waiter was attentive the entire meal and the food came out very quickly. Overall, definitely a five star experience!"}, {"review_id": "269n9rIFj5tOIcqZjvMftQ", "user_id": "fmzIm7RxEdii5Jz44PtO7g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "10/12/2017", "text": "Point Brugge Cafe like it's sister restaurant Park Bruges is a very small but nicely done up cafe in Point Breeze. It is best to get there early since the place fills up fast! Outdoor seating is available on nice days. They have a full bar when you enter. You can either sit at tables near the front or in the upper berth in the back. My waiter went over the specials for today and I learned that today's main special was Mahi-Mahi with wild rice, mushrooms and asparagus. I was pleased with the presentation and the food was indeed very good. I was told that mussels is what they specialize in but that isn't what I'm into. Expect to pay close to $20.00 for entrees. You can order sandwiches for less or you can do a grilled cheese half sandwich and soup pairing as well. They also have different salads on the lunch menu. Regardless I'm sure I would be pleased with most of their offerings.Service is friendly and attentive to my needs. Free street parking is available although it is very difficult to find. The cafe is located at the corner of Reynolds and Hastings St in Point Breeze  but the entry faces Hastings St. You are close to Mellon Park.As I said it is best to get there when they open because this place does fill up fast. Definitely worth a return visit"}, {"review_id": "WBJ5VcGlm0uXNZnNN7ZYyg", "user_id": "a7Rev5cakyRURz9F87f0aA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/4/2017", "text": "Arguably my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh.The mussels in the classic white wine sauce are incredible. My friend and I devoured the dish and we were scraping the plate with the bread, wanting more. I also ordered a half chicken sandwich/salad entree and the chicken was so tender and completed the mussels very well.-- taste / 5aesthetics / 5vibe / 5service / 5price for quality / 4OVERALL / 5"}, {"review_id": "lRPMAdmxHhn0jUWFX1enIg", "user_id": "hwpNR2qUDMbyRmhfPnCGyQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "10/11/2017", "text": "Wish Point Brugge was easier to get to as a college student! Came on a Sunday early afternoon in a group of 3 and had little to no wait! It's not huge in Point Brugge, but there are quite a few tables/booths and it feels about squished. You can always sit at the bar for faster service of course. Food was really good! I wouldn't say phenomenal, but a great change for Sunday brunch than the typical Pamela's or diner-type of brunch. I had the Moules bowl (everyone is right, get the large if you come with people!) with classic white wines which is creamier than I imagined. The Brugge frites that come with it are my favorite style of fries. My brother had the special for the day(Canadian bacon, poached eggs, acorn squash and some potato side), and my boyfriend had the chicken and waffles - both enjoyed their brunch! Sad I didn't get to try their drinks because they're pretty unique as well - will definitely come again, maybe for dinner!"}, {"review_id": "6VXAaQvimdmdUltiBCScPA", "user_id": "cAvlJ-lvBywOjcG1FTC_7A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/29/2017", "text": "Point Brugge is one of my favorite brunch spots in the city.  It's slightly unique and consistently good.  This time around we got fries to start, I got the eggs Benedict and my bd got the chicken and waffles.  The fries are delicious, not sure what they do with them to make them so tasty!  The aioli to dip is also great.  Eggs benedict and really good, the Hollandaise is the star.  The chicken and waffles this time was a little much.  They did it with a cornbread waffle and it was too heavy.  I see where they were trying to go with it, but it was hard to finish's. Next time we will just ask to get a traditional waffle."}, {"review_id": "Y-UeeHTtZY7Ou4uFCb-Q8A", "user_id": "tJiWkQtxSmr4UdfEp-EYHA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "10/16/2017", "text": "Let me start by apologizing for forgetting to take pictures of everything! I was just too hungry and realized after I only got a picture of the Mac and cheese. I think if I came back for dinner I could give this place 5 stars, but for now with just having brunch I'll go with 4.Both my friend and I went with the Prix Fix brunch option. I had the chicken and waffle with gravy and the granola with yogurt. My friend had the omelette of the day and the grits. Honestly everything was great. Like not one complaint at all, I will however highlight the Mac and cheese and the grits. Both I wasn't really expecting that much but lemme tell you, they were really good. Grits sometimes are hard for restaurants to get right but they were buttery and delicious! Service was great, when we sat down there was this really really intense air conditioner unit that was blowing right on me and a few other people and after one couple asked to move they turned it off right away. I will absolutely be back"}, {"review_id": "kuG5efmG64U2IxH66A2Xtg", "user_id": "wtR9j2hIutJX27uNs1LjXA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/9/2018", "text": "One of my favorite places!  Food and service always great. Best mussels and frites in town!"}, {"review_id": "oaHypesWKXL9T64p_xHkpw", "user_id": "4OxlHCvgF20kZHY7D4-gbQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/26/2018", "text": "Crab cakes: disappointing.  I live on the West coast and these wouldn't be passable.  The crab meat was either minced/shredded and frozen or(dare I even say it) canned.  A real crab cake has tiny chunks of meat not a canned tuna minced texture to it.  It didn't really taste much like crab either.  So the fact they are known for these is sad.*Chicken Sandwich: unremarkable.Fries: Good.  (But even McDonalds does them fairly well, so no great chef tricks here)Service: Excellent.  Truly.  Fast and attentive to detail.*after writing this, I read another review that had this comment about the crab cakes: I would have enjoyed them just as much if I defrosted a box from Golden Eagle.  So I wasn't the only one to call them out on this."}, {"review_id": "9mT3OffMjKKmkLlB7sHxUg", "user_id": "giJqvuH8EC62Hi5WboZ08w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/20/2017", "text": "Was visiting family in Pittsburgh and came here for lunch with the girls. What a quaint little corner Cafe. The decor was spectacular and the service was fabulous. We enjoyed some Frites, Salad, Mussels and the Monte Cristo. Each plate was delicious. Looking forward to returning upon my next visit back to Pittsburgh."}, {"review_id": "iAAXqLjXpsSqijttmJbqUg", "user_id": "bHhGIEIFmDNA2xq6XfTb_Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/20/2018", "text": "Point Brugge Cafe (cue lovely sigh), so HAPPY to be back here and indulge in there mussel dishes. I have been raving about there mussels to my SO saying it's much better than Monks in Philly. Having come from Philly to Pitt for an interview, I had to bring him here. My SO got the classic white wine mussels and I got the red curry mussels (I asked them to make it as hot as could be made). My SO thoroughly enjoyed his dish with a lot of happy sighs throughout the night. The sauce was perfect and the bread soaked it all up. There wasn't much of the sauce left as I would use the mussel shell as spoon and slurped it up. I was overly zealous when asking for my sauce to be as spicy as could be because my mouth was definitely on fire through dinner but I enjoyed it none the less."}, {"review_id": "wmpniHOULN3g3Ot-QuKi0Q", "user_id": "CtTgK-Crw3bKw3tEiRfINw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "7/23/2017", "text": "I'll be the first to say it, I love the country of Belgium. I love the food, the beers, the countryside. There's not much I don't like about the country. Having a little slice of Belgium in Pittsburgh is something I can get down with. Point Brugge is a cozy little establishment with a small bar. The mixed beverages they make are exceptionally good. They have a nice line up of Belgian beers. The pricing on Belgian beers in the United States is a bit laughable at best, but they have to make a profit. Sharp Edge is no different.Now that that's out of the way, we've been there twice now, once for brunch which was absolutely off the charts. I can't recall exactly what I had for brunch, but out of our group of four, we all enjoyed our meals.Our most recent experience at Point Brugge was for dinner on 7/21/17 - We arrived and had a brief wait of about 15 minutes. We had a drink at the bar while we waited for our table. Our table was ready on the upper half of the restaurant by the kitchen which I enjoyed mainly because I love the smells emanating from there. We decided we were going  to try the mussels with fries. We tried the classic, garlic and white wine. They arrived piping hot. The mussels were cooked perfectly, all of them were open and they were cleaned very well. Very little grit. I could have ate an entire loaf of bread with the broth. They're the best mussels I've ate in Pittsburgh and in fact better than mussels I've ate in Belgium. Oh, yeah and the fries were good too.Entree time. I had the braised short ribs. Touch the short ribs with your fork and they simply fall apart. Beefy. The kale side was nice as well. Crispy. The banana peppers mixed in with it made it pop. A nice bit of heat. The basil parmesan mashed potatoes were over the top.My lady had the Chicken Milanese. Now, normally chicken Milanese isn't crispy. This one was crispy, crunchy and pretty damn good. The seasoned breading in the chicken was excellent. The vegetables that came with the entree were good as well. Asparagus, tomatoes, banana peppers and artichokes. I wished I'd gotten the Chicken Milanese.We also had dessert, the lemon roulade. Normally not something I would have much interest in, but it was very nice. It was a lighter dessert. The blueberry sauce on it was excellent, both sweet and tart. A nice compliment to the lemon and creme.Bottom line, Point Brugge is exceptional. My one complaint is I wish they had more Belgian beers on draft and actually used the proper glassware for the beers they're serving. The most minor of gripes.Go and enjoy!Pro-Tip: Bring a pair of ear plugs in case the restaurant is full of children."}, {"review_id": "aGGhG7TGh7R_gMsnDUkn4Q", "user_id": "xyN9htBl_Fap5jcxB42nCA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "7/15/2017", "text": "This restaurant was my favorite on a recent visit to Pittsburgh. It's charming. They offer specials every day. Ask your server for a recommendation if you're not sure what to order. Highly recommended:  mussels and pommes friteHot and spicy Fried shrimp appetizerBacon with fried green tomatoesChicken wing appetizerChicken Milanese Charcuterie boardWhatever you choose, you will receive a flavorful and beautifully presented meal."}, {"review_id": "vFDyX2xgpo54i7AdUunKHg", "user_id": "Z146DMjYlRbBNB0xRELJXA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/29/2017", "text": "Mussels on mussels on mussels. That's all I want now. Their mussels are absolutely fantastic and once you have them, it will become your new obsession. Be sure to order extra bread to dip in the various sauces that the mussels come served in. I would like to try other menu items, however, I can't fathom ordering anything other than mussels because they are so fabulous here. My friend's have ordered other menu items and have all been very pleased.  Unfortunately, this place is fairly small, so arrive their before the rush!"}, {"review_id": "0QLOHBcbJL0gTt_eWk0GXA", "user_id": "eG1Tur78lGPRLPysNSzadQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "12/16/2016", "text": "A solid 3.5....Point Brugge attempts to bring a cuisine to the Pittsburgh area that I have become quite fond of, Belgian! Should I feel bad that I ate the same amount of Frites(fries for the less cultured bunch lol) than the entire table of 3 next to me? Nope! These are freaking great fries. Located basically on a Neighborhood corner, parking can be tricky but the restaurants itself has ample seating for intimate or even larger parties. For lunch I went with the Point Burger, the soup special, and of course the Frites. Although overall enjoyable, I did see too many flaws to overlook:- aside from the mules frites, lunch menu doesn't feature enough Belgian classic dishes. It's pretty much Americanized. The dinner menu/brunch menu however, is plentiful - the Frites dipping sauce, which is basil mayo, the basil doesn't really come through which makes this essentially mayo- solid burger with unique ingredients(nueske bacon, shallots, fontina cheese), but no district flavors actually come through  Lunch is ok but I'm pretty sure dinner and brunch is where the real action is!"}, {"review_id": "GB2LAGDetg5VbZxu_WxDYA", "user_id": "uLWWpi62JJLnTh7UciJFHg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2017", "text": "Omg!!! This place has some super yummy food .. this place is in the cut out the way kinda spot .. you can meet up with friends and have cocktails and apps nice bar too So check this place out my yelpers"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/point-brugge-caf%C3%A9-pittsburgh-2?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]