[[{"review_id": "P28xAIvrHtt01AZmvo4GZQ", "user_id": "WqeE5e5ROfaVEgkb9dAkiQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/30/2018", "text": "This restaurant is such a cute place for a date night! The atmosphere, staff, and food was great!I'm just gonna go straight to the food- from the presentation to the taste of the food, everything was amazing. My boyfriend and I ordered the chicken liver and fried oysters as appetizers. Then, we ordered the duck breast and escargot pasta to share for our entree. For dessert, we got the donuts. Apparently, they're known for the donut dessert.Everything on the menu looked so good and they also have an outdoor seating. I can't wait for the weather to get warmer so I can dine outdoors and try the rest of the menu!"}, {"review_id": "_6T37_Mkfm0hS8I_lUuADg", "user_id": "L1fjZJ_295Z-qYeVsxE2ug", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "Okay so i want to preface this by saying a bit of my background. I was raised very much surrounded by food; I was Emeril's flowergirl in his wedding and had the pleasure of eating a lot of his food, My parents co own Matsuhisa (chef nobuyuki matsuhisa) in Aspen, so i dined there a lot and grew up tasting amazing flavors. I love picking apart food and truly have a deep love for complex flavors. My mom was in town and we both love James Beard nominated restaurants, so we chose Talula's Garden. Absolutely beautiful restaurant and we were so excited to eat here! I can't wait for better weather to enjoy that garden. We did the chefs tasting menu and i have attached the menu in the photos. First course, looks beautiful. I take a bite out of my fried oyster and I'm not joking but the first bite i got had a huge shell in it. This is absolutely not okay and also quite bizarre since they should shuck the oyster. I immediately sent it back and you could tell that they were very embarrassed. Now this is my first bite and this is what sets the total feel of the meal. It really took a while to shake it off. They did mention this rarely happens and is something that happens maybe once a year. Now the next courses were absolutely divine. Every flavor carefully thought out and big and bold. The pasta dish was the only thing that was not my favorite. But the duck was absolutely lovely, perfectly portioned and looked beautiful. They also brought us a chef gift of the risotto which was one my FAVORITE dishes. Absolutely spectacular. Also the cheese dish was so cute, i wish i got a picture of it. Perfect little bite!we had the wine tasting as well which was thoughtful to each course and really enhanced the flavor of the food. Service was also impeccable. Vena the beverage manager was the best and truly made the night special. We were also able to talk to a chef last night, i can't remember his name but he worked right under the executive chef and he was amazing and very thoughtful and apologized for what happened. I do wish that the executive chef came out to apologize for the shell because of the huge mistake but alas. They also were very generous with the discount so that was very sweet as well. This place is one of a kind and i will be back. I wish i could give 4.5 stars but yelp won't allow on my phone. the food and service is 5 stars but due to that one mistake i had to knock it back."}, {"review_id": "VC2f2a1wIVURJzVCz66oEw", "user_id": "5SKqQa8vE5tGeB8qm4YTOA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "Talula's Garden is a beautiful, romantic and cozy setting in Washington Square. The restaurant is a very classy establishment with only seasonal food on the menu. The food is elegant and very tasteful.For me, I just went to grab a cheese plate and I cannot stop talking about them. They are beautiful and very tasteful with a large variety of cheeses. The presentation was great and the server was able to go into detail about every cheese. My favorite was the black truffle cheese! I recommend also asking for a side of fresh rolls if you aren't dining for food. It's another great addition to the meal."}, {"review_id": "4TfHwFaVNTxQQUSuiAt9yA", "user_id": "v1IBkw3BDPcZjJ9bvSe-vg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/27/2018", "text": "We came here recently as a group of 4. Overall we had a lovely evening with good food and service. We did the tasting menu which was $100 per person and included 8 courses with 2 desserts. The evening started great. We each got an extremely well-crafted cocktail and were brought complimentary cheese brioche bites. They also brought us complimentary glasses of sparkling wine which was much appreciated. The first four courses were AMAZING. Tuna crudo was extraordinary and super fresh. Great sesame contrast. Crab cake was super yummy, and I loved the seared shrimp with fennel. Their house made ravioli was excellent with great texture and flavor. From then on the meal was a bit lackluster. Timing of each course fell apart and went from the expected 10-15 minutes between courses to 30 minutes between courses. The duck breast and skirt steak were nothing to write home about, and the desserts weren't my favorite. I did quite enjoy the cheese course. Overall the meal was very enjoyable and other than the mistiming of some of the later courses (perhaps due to the busy night) the service was impeccable. I do understand that you aren't going to love every course of a tasting menu, and the excellence of the first half of the meal made up for the less exciting back end. I would be interested in giving Talula's a second try because there is certainly potential for a flawless special occasion meal. Price point is a bit out of my reach for regular check ins, otherwise I'd definitely be there frequently."}, {"review_id": "q1aX-RtT5VmPqkO4MJF_3A", "user_id": "VxJoo_cwZss6wLMhUV1H2A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/28/2018", "text": "Epic! I haven't had service this good in over a year. - Complimentary amuse buche- Complimentary dessert- Amazing waitressThe food was also delicious! - Unlike most cheese boards, they don't short you on the accompaniments! Plenty of fig, jam, candied walnuts, and honey sunflower seeds.- The root salad was nice.- The collard greens were awesome. Liked the red sauce.- the pumpkin soup was great.This might be my fave new fancy place in Philly!"}, {"review_id": "48yPhI-Uhb-Iwv6UTzoI-Q", "user_id": "GxLeJX2M4Im5fzfzKARY-A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/23/2018", "text": "One of my favorite Philly spots. We came again for a birthday celebration and the food is delicious. We ordered not your granny's cheese selection, buttermilk oysters as a starter, prime rib and trout as main courses along with slow cooked collard greens and donuts as dessert. It was almost too much food for two people. My favorite was the trout dish. Great atmosphere for a date or special celebration. You can also sit in the garden when the weather is nice. Waiter was super nice and helpful. Highly recommend"}, {"review_id": "_DPFVDWfPI0LKrNn3KsKZg", "user_id": "my6eQZaumNlr4C90WNfvkw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/20/2018", "text": "Did someone say brunch?  The Philly scene continues to surprise me.  This town is fast becoming my #1 \"I need to escape NYC right now\" place, and brunch spots like Talula's is part of the reason.  It's like I never left Brooklyn, except it's half the price and not as crowded.The Fried chicken waffle?  Dy-no-mite!!And those pinwheels?  Outrageous!!I swear to God if the Eagles win the Superbowl I'm pulling up stakes and moving, and I'll be setting up shop right next to Talula's."}, {"review_id": "aiL-V0Sz1FeNerqHqxSjxQ", "user_id": "oR5az_eNCnfN7e49H3ONhg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/5/2018", "text": "After hearing about this legendary brunch I was FINALLY able to make my way over to Talula's Garden one Sunday afternoon when my high school BFF came to visit. We squeezed ourselves in to probably the last table time of 2:30pm. I had been looking forward to trying the post-order-pre-food table bread that is allegedly stuffed with pesto with a concomitant mouth-corner drool drip every time it came to mind the last few months.Right off the bat I had to go with the bloody mary which arrives accompanied by a pickled green bean hat. It was amazing to the point that I actually unintentionally chugged the shit out of it in definitely less than 10 minutes. To start, they had this pesto pinwheel thing which might be what my friend was talking about because certainly no fucking bread came fo' free. Suddenly the recollection of the very same friend's robust endorsement of the cheese-plate hit me. The cheese plate seemed more share-able and thus was my selection. For my entree, I went with the green meadow egg omelette. Visiting friend ordered the farmer's market frittata and I actually don't remember what my lives-here-already friend ordered. Oops.The cheese plate was easily the highlight of the meal. Just look at that shit. There were a ton of different cheeses, they even switched up the animal-origin with a few coming from goats and buffaloes and maybe some other cray animals because my attention span lasts only so long. The cheese hunks were escorted by a bunch of fruit (apple slices, grapes, some black small balls perhaps raisins?, blueberries, and figs if they count as a fruit) and then HONEY and JAM and to round it off, almond slivers. I can't even comment on how great the cheese was bc cheese is always great. Excellent diversity of cheese hardness and flavors. MMMMMM. My insta photo got slightly more likes than I'm accustomed to if I remember correctly. The omelette was thick and juicy. Probably too thick for my liking where I was questioning how thoroughly the inside was cooked. I actually asked for the onions to be omitted which also required the long hots to be omitted because I guess they are mixed prior to incorporation. Unfortunately, my request was not accommodated because they were present anyway which really pisses me off. Don't confirm with me that this is possible and then not pull through. The accompanying salad was delicious also with a nice and tasty dressing. Anyways this place was good and I feel like somewhat on the healthier side. The cheese plate is a must order."}, {"review_id": "0J4_3GiZTtcXwWWojpApmQ", "user_id": "xh3a5vuXjT21KCpPzgJQ4w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/1/2018", "text": "My review for Talula's Garden is a little overdue. I came here for the first time in the summer of 2017. After hearing rave reviews about this place from my friends, I decided I needed to see for myself. Talula's Garden absolutely did not disappoint. The ambiance is absolutely amazing. It's so adorable. The outside seating is a MUST during the warmer weather.  My husband and I decided to go for the tasting menu for $100/person. You get an 8-course meal and it's so worth it. Let me start by saying that the service here is IMPECCABLE! The staff are attentive and absolutely amazing. We were given complementary champagne (YASSSS!). We were started off with brioche with tomato jam. Oh my goodness, it was mindblowingly delicious. The portions are no joke! I thought that because it was a tasting menu, each dish was going to be tiny. By the 4th course, I was like shoot...I'm getting full. By the end, my heart and stomach were so full. I was about to explode. Would I do it again? Absolutely!"}, {"review_id": "Ln2BcexhOoQfQFzLWClNwg", "user_id": "Fa00Bcgu0hihpDGbdHaUeA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/12/2018", "text": "Excellent! Amazing Brunch with a remarkable menu selection - a variety of interesting choices from cheese plates, starters, homemade pasta and mains. Service was top notch and the food served hot out-of-the-oven. Yumminess from start to finish!"}, {"review_id": "rcPeLEqAZEU8_P8VXVXjXA", "user_id": "J_jerijrgPX7CRvG2mMWMw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/24/2018", "text": "There are lots of reasons why this spot gets high marks.Atmosphere: amazing, both inside and out.  Heaters in the garden make it lovely well into the autumn, or early in the spring.Service: attentive but not obtrusive.  I wish every server everywhere could be as subtle and effective as those in high end places.Food: WOAH.  Everything, absolutely everything was delicious.  From the cheese plate starter, through veggies and entrees and well into decadent desserts, each bite was better than the next.The menu changes seasonally, so the dishes we had in fall may not be available right now.We went here for our anniversary, and they gave us an excellent table and sent a lovely little gift from the chef to help us celebrate.I don't go out to fancy places often, but this is one that is worth the splurge for a nice occasion."}, {"review_id": "Am0lv786hWtCRCP8A6lveg", "user_id": "-tz9i4wSQg4vSQzAA5Svqg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "One word, amazing. I came here for brunch and the food was phenomenal. I got the lemon pancakes and they were so light and fluffy. Honestly, one of the best pancakes, and they weren't overly sweet. The service was great, everyone was really nice. We also got a complimentary piece of carrot cake from the staff and the carrot cake was so fresh and delicious."}, {"review_id": "G9EuYxuY1sb2EYX7lUeUFw", "user_id": "9GhiQOLaM6ZGrrFG-SppwQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/27/2018", "text": "I thought I was going to like Talula's Garden, but instead I LOVE it!And I didn't even get to sit outside as it was a cold February night.The garden does look amazing and the fact that it is across the street from Washington Park doubles down on the outside appeal.However, don't fear if you aren't sitting outside as the dining room is warm and inviting.I had a small dinner... the Chef's opening taste of brioche with paprika butter followed by a pasta - Semolina Cavatelli, Herb Roasted Lamb Shoulder, Mustard Greens, Shishito Sofrito, House Yogurt and Rosemary Bread Crumb."}, {"review_id": "d44cbWCq7xIzEzG_FkIyfg", "user_id": "K61wRZSMuo1dmyJGd5vVAQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "11/16/2017", "text": "Talulas is like a mythical oasis in the humdrum of Philadelphia. Situated across the street from picturesque Washington Square only serves to legitimize this designation. Seated outside in the well appointed patio, you feel pleasantly isolated from the world beyond the ivy covered walls and decorative trellis over the exterior bar. The service was terrific, as everything was explained in great detail. The options for the charcuterie plate alone were daunting, and required assistance from the in house charcutier. We thoroughly enjoyed what was decided upon.A further word about the service, was the seriousness with which the staff followed the weather. I've never had it happen in Chicago, but our host advised us as we sat down outside, that a rain shower was approaching. Despite waving his concerns off as overly cautious, he kept us informed as to ongoing developments and had us seated inside just moments before the rain came. That was quality lookin out."}, {"review_id": "gPOJASj2p4tTJSqKrE0b6A", "user_id": "4XtEgoHsOUJBgDJplTPVTA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "The food and atmosphere are truly fantastic. The menu is seasonal, so it varies based on when you are there however not a single dish has ever missed a beat."}, {"review_id": "zwpr2Ohdnm-lk6BkjJoxig", "user_id": "xMVIASWm4arh10RdV86K6Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/10/2018", "text": "I have to admit, I was apprehensive about this place when I first ran across it on Open Table. Boy, was this food amazing!! I was very impressed by the mood, ambience, food, staff, etc... I made a reservation for two. We were seated at a quaint little table between a four top and another two top. I was still nervous, but wanted to keep an open mind. I wasn't sure what to get when my boyfriend mentioned we should get the Chefs Tasting menu. I agreed and the rest is history. The food was absolutely AMAZING!! Words cannot express how I felt in the moment; I'll just say you MUST go try this place if you haven't already. I'll be going back"}, {"review_id": "lnNL2TOYLrBaMecNyKQy1w", "user_id": "rT502dRc8jUxcIdIu0JTLA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/16/2018", "text": "Very upscale beautiful intimate restaurants with and outside patio seating. I dined here for my Birthday, first time dining in this establishment. We ordered a bottle of Reisling and the bread was served to the table. The bread is delicious and i ordered another round. The homemade butter compliments it so well... For my appetizer I ordered the Tuna Crudo. It was delicious but very small portions. For dinner I had the pork belly with mashed and collard greens.. i was in heaven...."}, {"review_id": "V0fpThdv-kMC-vSRlLKxtQ", "user_id": "MEaFon3wPo0_cpBB1NeLtg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Great restaurant and service was excellent as was atmosphere. The menu was very small! So quirky, in fact, it limited the food selections considerably for me. But food was healthy!"}, {"review_id": "QTDCp06slV8jVcYDsEdU6w", "user_id": "8R16InoIf-JheYnh9EOR7w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/23/2018", "text": "I've been hearing about Talula's Garden for ages. It's one of those must-visit places in Philly. Most of my friends and family have been and everyone is quick to sing its praises. So it's safe to say that my expectations were quite high--especially given my love for farm-to-table restaurants. While the experience was enjoyable overall, there were a few hiccups that were hard to ignore, both on the service end and on the product end (more on those later). The good news: as soon as we communicated what we were dissatisfied with, they shifted into all-hands-on-deck mode immediately, going above and beyond to ensure that we left in good spirits. That's the mark of a top place. Talula's Garden is a gorgeous venue with wonderfully seasonal fare that's healthy, colorful and packed with flavor. Came here at 8:15pm on a Saturday night with the parents. We made a reservation beforehand (pretty much required) but unfortunately our table was in a pretty miserable area, behind the bar by a window which made everything quite cold. Thankfully, our willingness to wait a bit allowed them to make arrangements for us to sit in the main dining space (they sat a couple of parties before us), and I rarely mind hanging at the bar to drink for a bit before dinner anyway. I tend to go for cocktails first and switch to wine once the food starts to arrive, which was the game plan here. The entire cocktail menu here looks fabulous and I got to try three wonderful drinks. Mine, The Bon Vivant (Rye Whiskey, Ginger, Molasses and Chocolate Bitters), my mom's, The Quick Study (Rum, Lime and Winter Spices), and my dad's, the The Treehugger (Bourbon, Maple and Black Walnut Bitters). We were called to our table before our drinks were ready (the bar was pretty backed up) so they brought our drinks over after we were seated. Unfortunately, my mom's drink took an exceptionally long time to come out because the kitchen was waiting on egg whites. They ended up comping it due to the inconvenience--good on their part! Once we got past that headache, we did a long-awaited cheers and enjoyed our beautifully-crafted cocktails. I loved mine--rich, sweet, spirit-forward, well-balanced. My dad's (the Treehugger) was similar in style but more spirit-forward. The Quick Study is dangerous--you could drink six or seven of these in an hour and lose yourself complete. Delicious, seasonal, refreshing but still substantial. The mixology program is on point here. Food-wise, we were torn between tasting and typical a la carte style. We had done a tasting menu the night before (privilege alert, sorry) so we opted for each getting a main, splitting a cheese plate and one salad. I tend to opt for all small plates when I go out to eat (sharing is the only way) but the mains here looked (and were) too tasty to pass up. Eats, below:\"World Travel\" cheese plate: AAdvertised as the \"funkiest\" cheese plate, this one was a hit with all of us. Talula's Garden is big on their cheese plates, and for good reason. The cheeses are varied and delicious, and are served was fabulous accompaniments too. Candied walnuts, wine-soaked raisins, a variety of bread/crackers and some fresh fruit. Winter 'Roots' Salad, Shaved Raw Root Veggies, Italian Dressing, Greens, Pecorino, Crunchy Croutons and Whipped Ricotta: A-Yummy and fresh. A bit odd having two types of cheeses in there, but hey, that cheese plate had me wanting more cheese so why not? For me, the pecorino worked more than the ricotta. The dressing was tasty, too. Trout, Creamy Lacinato Kale, Smoky Bacon-Fried Brussels Sprouts, Sweet Shallots and Sherry Vinaigrette: AMy entree for the night. Only real complain was that the kale was just \"there\". Not creamy, not cooked, not sure why. That said, everything else was full of flavor and really hit the spot. I love trout and it's hard to beat the bacon/brussels combo. An incredibly fresh, seasonal and nourishing plate.Overnight Bone-In Short Rib, Cola Ancho Glaze, Crispy Kennebec Potatoes, White Lightning Aioli, Fresh Horseradish and Celery: BThe night's dud. It wasn't *bad*. But it was really dry. When you order short rib (and it's priced like this), you expect to receive a cut that's exceptionally juicy and flavorful, and this just wasn't. A woman (not our waiter) walked by at an opportune time though, asking us how we liked our food. My dad told her the truth, and they ended up comping it and bringing extra sauce. Didn't salvage the dish but the consideration was much appreciated.Roasted Duck Breast, Smoked Confit, Huckleberry, Black Garlic, Fried Wild Rice, Kimchi, Green Onions and Shiitake Duck Jus: A+This was the winner of the night. The duck was cooked perfectly and the bed of rice/kimchi/onions was possibly even better. Incredible flavors, just so tasty. The ideal winter dish. We got comped two desserts as well. Talula's Garden doesn't take missteps lightly and they didn't need to *THAT* much did to redeem themselves, but effort did not go unnoticed!!"}, {"review_id": "_niKY5ovCay3ioDkKOu3pA", "user_id": "fliiatCOk0-Tmmn8qvokCw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/29/2017", "text": "I went to Talula's Garden with my husband and parents for my birthday and we had an amazing experience. The atmosphere is perfect and feels like you are inside of someone's kitchen. Upon being seated, we received a complimentary cheese sampler as well as toasted brioche with herb butter. They were both delicious!! We ordered the chicken liver toast and the foccacia flatbread. The Chicken liver toast was to die for and was easily shareable. The flatbread had apples, brussel sprouts and grain mustard on it. It was amazing!! For dinner, my mom ordered the ravioli and because she has a mushroom allergy they were able to accommodate and swap out for other vegetables. I ordered the gnudi which was like gnocchi without the potato. Both were SO good. My husband got the scallops and my dad got the chicken. I didn't taste these, but the presentation was beautiful.For dessert, they brought out a pumpkin sampler for my birthday and complimentary donuts! They were so warm and sugar-y. The best! Their cocktail list is not overwhelming and has a lot of good options. I went with the dirty martini (as I always do). It was perfect! Will definitely recommend a dinner at Talula's for a special occasion!!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/talulas-garden-philadelphia?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]