[[{"review_id": "KmIptnwaUxcPp8iE6-fTfQ", "user_id": "aZgwMowGEYJkC4xb81YLQw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "By far the best vegan restaurant I have EVER tried thus far. Deserves recognition as a top restaurant in the country if not the world.Top notch service. Couldn't be happier with the friendliness and timeliness. All time favorites (in the 3 times I've been here) are the Wood Roasted Carrot and Seared Maitake Mushroom. MUST MUST GET. Seasonal favorite this spring is the Asparagus Carbonara - smoked trumpet mushrooms are better than bacon *gasp*TL;DR This place easily beats any vegan/vegetarian restaurant in the Bay Area or NYC. Belongs on the top 50 restaurants in the world list. Come try for yourself or you'll forever be missing out."}, {"review_id": "bg6SNlpBXq3MGuuJbnLWTQ", "user_id": "L1fjZJ_295Z-qYeVsxE2ug", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "Don't get me wrong this place is delish. Amazing service, GREAT drinks, and well priced. I will say that I had very high expectations and would have liked a little more flavor in each dish. But everything was good, just could have had a bit more to it. Thanks again for a lovely night!"}, {"review_id": "8jAqHdL8e7idv5EJPbf55Q", "user_id": "wZWB41wmnv4pPsetuIN5Gw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/1/2018", "text": "Never did I think I would want to come to a restaurant solely for a pretzel. Then Vedge came along and introduced me to the house-made pretzel and RUTABAGA FONDUE. Love at first bite.Vedge is always my go-to restaurant for special occasions. While the flavors are UNREAL, the prices are a little steep, making this a place to indulge once or twice a year. The portions are a little small as well. Regardless, Vedge has remained at the top of my list of Philly favorites. The menu is always rotating and offering something new. I have to give it to the Vedge team - Rich and Kate especially - for really knowing their ingredients and offering a new perspective on vegetable cooking. Sourcing as well. While half of the time I can't even pronounce the menu options, I always trust that I will be beyond pleased with everything. The Vedge team stirs up more than just a good \"cheese\" fondue (and cocktail!). They stir up conversation about a new style of eating, which translates to a new style of living. As someone who views food as more than just... well, food. This resonates with me.Anyway, expect to order about 5-6 dishes, including a good drink and dessert. The Rutabaga Fondue, Maitake Mushroom, and Eggplant Brociole, Chiogga Beets on Rye, and Wood-Roasted Carrots are favorites. Treat yourself to the Chocolate Uber Chunk and whatever the seasonal desert is at the time!"}, {"review_id": "edb09IhDOfbXouxEe-R2OA", "user_id": "Irh0Uhq5t2Kiq8I0CugVbA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/11/2018", "text": "Recommended by a vagabond foodie I was optimistic about this restaurant in the \"gayborhood\" in Philly. It was as good as described. It was a fireworks extravaganza of taste. See it taste it love it."}, {"review_id": "9slT_R-irttsAkxaffip-w", "user_id": "blZo3kFBqi_DTqLXtY5_vw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/3/2018", "text": "My friends and I went to vedge for happy hour and had a great time. The happy hour is a great deal especially since you can get some of the small plates for pretty cheap. We had the sweet potatoes and the yucca fries. Both were very good but the portions were a little small. My friends got some cocktails that they really enjoyed but I stuck with beer. The bar got surprisingly crowded for a Monday happy hour so make sure to get there early. Overall the happy hour was a great way to taste the vedge experience on a budget"}, {"review_id": "S96nVLB8PRNKXV6S2l92Ww", "user_id": "TWqf1_xAIaYzh-OtrbQ6rw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/23/2018", "text": "Came with 7 other coworkers while in town for a conference. At least 2 were openly skeptical and planning a cheesesteak run after dinner.I'm not vegan but have been to vegan restaurants before and have enjoyed them so I was looking forward to my meal, especially after reading the Yelp reviews!Almost all of us started with the stuffed avocado. I thought it was out of this world. The mix of different textures (pickled riced cauliflower, creamy avocado) and flavors (romesco sauce) worked well together and I was sad when mine was gone.I only ordered 2 courses but almost everyone else got 3. The kimchi glazed brussel sprouts were a huge hit and I must admit, I was a little sad I didn't order any. I'm eating low carb though and the word \"glaze\" in the description had my sugar radar up. For my final course I got the eggplant. This dish was also delicious, I loved the smoky flavor of the eggplant.Our waiter was helpful and attentive, his recommendation of the avocado for the first course is what sold the table. I wouldn't hesitate to come back. By the end of the meal, the skeptics were converted and no further cheesesteaks were eaten."}, {"review_id": "FayEMaFIGbtPUPCmWuFKRg", "user_id": "6KxHt1BnwkhMDGJZkEUW-Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/17/2018", "text": "We've been here before, but today was the first time at the bar. If you don't have reservations -- it can be months to get a table -- get there around 4:45 p.m. and sit at the bar. The service was impressive as ever, as was the food. Expect to spend $150+ for two people including two (er, or three?) drinks each and dessert. We are happy to do so for an amazing meal. What we ordered: the stuffed avocado, soft pretzel with rutabaga fondue, charred radicchio and a tofu dish. For dessert we split the sticky toffee pudding and scotch."}, {"review_id": "q5ccZXNUJDJhiE8Bx_sZoQ", "user_id": "OXlfFHsM15JYh_lvat2w2w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/28/2017", "text": "Radishes that look and taste like sushi? Mushrooms that mimic pasta in both texture and flavor? Braciole made from eggplant that almost tastes like the real deal? If you are intrigued by any or all of the above, then get your hiney over to Vedge!Esq and I are not vegetarians nor were our dining companions, however, we embrace and enjoy meat-free meals on the regular. The dishes at Vedge are best for sharing and it's safe to say that we ordered almost everything on the menu. The items referenced above were our favorites of the evening, and let's not forget the mean desserts they offer. The strawberry champagne sorbet was our favorite, followed by the white pepper gelato. It was an amazing experience of sensory indulgence with delicious aromas and flavors that we never thought possible from vegetables. The presentation of the dishes was impeccable and the waitstaff really knows the menu inside and out. Based on your preferences, they'll steer you toward (or away from) specific options. This is especially helpful if you're a \"texture\" person. There are so many restaurants in Philadelphia that we rarely visit the same one twice. That being said, we're already making plans to return to Vedge.Get your vegetarian on!"}, {"review_id": "fSwELCcNqSkA9deaiBpQvw", "user_id": "VEe1XTxBnjZUY31EjQNbrg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/21/2018", "text": "Innovative, prepared with care, and also super super tasty. We loved every dish that was brought out (and we tasted each other's plates throughout the meal). Everything was a surprise. And even if you're like me -- why make something taste like something it's not? -- it's still an amazing trick of the senses to be eating beets, and have to tell yourself that it's not tartare. Pro tip: get the pretzel. That vegan \"cheese\" sauce is amazing."}, {"review_id": "MCIKZaYEyLqgpErZcQG27A", "user_id": "8R16InoIf-JheYnh9EOR7w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/27/2017", "text": "We did it. We tried nearly everything on the Vedge menu. Between vegetables being relatively un-filling and us being a relatively ambitious party, we conquered this meal. I hope Vedge is proud of us, because I'm proud of Vedge. Though if I'm being right-sized about this, Vedge is a far superior entity than I am, so I'll tweak that to say I'm \"impressed\" rather than proud. Our experience here was fabulous, surpassing our already-sky high expectations. I eat almost exclusively vegan and adore vegetables. Vedge, as the name would suggest, truly has mastery over the beautiful, colorful, delicious magic that grows from the ground. The techniques, the flavors, the creativity--it's all there in every dish. This was a special dining experience made all the more special by the top-notch service. There's a reason for the acclaim, and I can now speak to it.  After what felt like years of buildup, my family made it t here on Wednesday. It's been one of the top restaurants in Philly for a little while now and the fact that my dietary restrictions cause virtually no problems for me here make it even more exciting. Everything here is vegan. Ron Swanson's nightmare but my most glorious fantasy. The space itself is inviting and warm--it feels like it used to be someone's very welcoming and elegant home. If it wasn't enough to have a superb food menu, the cocktail menu at Vedge is top-notch too. Between me, my dad and my bf, I got to try three drinks, all of which were yummy. I went with the Apple Catcher (rye, apple cider, ACV, black pepper), which was warming and delicious. Loved the kick from the ACV and pepper. My dad's Black Hole Sun (scotch, burnt miso, maria al monte, charcoal), was decadent but definitely more of a sipper and/or something you just get one of. Rich, thick, complex and original. The Elder Sage (gin, elderflower, lemon, smacked sage) was the least interesting of the bunch but still refreshing and very well-balanced. Fantastic all-around. Food-wise, Vedge is pretty much all shared plates. There are three categories to choose from: The \"Vedge Bar\" (think bar bites), the Dirt List (apps featuring seasonal ingredients) and the Grill (heartier plates that are more long-standing). You're encourage to pick one of three as your full meal. As a party of five, we got 15 dishes, nearly trying everything on the menu. The ones I'll list below are only the ones I personally tried. Overall, the food here is sublime. Vedge showcases vegetables in all of their glory, helping even carnivores the temporary forget their typical preferences. The dishes are not only executed perfectly but they're creative, interesting and varied. A masterpiece of a night. Our eats, below: Fancy Radishes w/ smoked tamari, yuzu avocado, pickled tofu, shishito: A+Served sushi style, four different ways. The smoked tamari and yuzu avocado were my favorites. Creative, beautiful and tasty.Portobello Carpaccio w/ deviled turnip, caper puree, nigella grissini: A+Masterful job with this preparation. For me, just as satisfying as beef carpaccio though obviously quite different. Incredible flavors, again magically creative.Stuffed Avocado w/ romesco, pickled cauliflower, \"fried rice,\" black salt: AHealthiest stuffed avo I've had for sure. The cauliflower made it feel particularly light. Rutabaga Fondue w/ soft pretzel, pickle, charred onion: A+The fact that this was vegan was mind-blowing to all of us. I'm gluten-free so could only eat the veggies, but the fondue itself was unreal. Truly, it did not seem real. Brussels Sprouts, char grilled w/ baby shittake, brussels kimchee: A+Fun preparation, loved it with the kimchee. Rich and super flavorful.Pea Leaves, flash seared w/ smoked onion dashi, baked tofu, furikake: ALight, simple and elegant. Great flavors, not overpowering.Nebrodini Mushrooms as \"fazzoletti\", tomato, basil: A+Vedge can transform mushrooms in a way I've never seen before. The carpaccio was incredible and now we've got pasta-style? Smoked Potato \"kedgeree\" w/ curry rice, tofu vindaloo: A+Newer flavors added to the mix here. Interesting preparation, great flavors, very graceful. Wood-Roasted Carrot w/ pumpernickel, garbanzos, carrot mustard, carrot kraut: A++One of the signature dish's here, and for good reason. The garbanzos and carrot mustard were divine and the carrot was likely the best carrot I've ever had.Ssamjang-Glazed Tofu w/ edamame puree, burnt miso, cucumber, sea beans, toasted nori: AShowcasing mastery over styles here, another perfectly-executed dish. Miso/edamame were delicious and sophisticated accompaniments.Grilled Chioggia Beet w/ porcini steak sauce, black lentils, kohlrabi, truffle: A+Rich, warming and hearty, perfectly seasoned and fall-centric. A group fav.Seared Maitake Mushroom w/ celery root fritter, smoked leek remoulade: A+Each component, though separated, worked to create an earthy, cohesive whole. Ending on root veggies made for satisfying, on-season finale."}, {"review_id": "E3SeKJt0o-LMZoB1SneHaA", "user_id": "9_Wu0TBNJK2LmDjda3aQGA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/27/2017", "text": "This place was truly spectacular. Everything on the menu is vegan but you would never know it because all the dishes still have an unbelievable amount of flavor. Somehow they manage to make things taste creamy without using any dairy. We ordered almost everything on the menu. Everything is small plates and meant to be shared, my favorite way to eat! Our first course was the stuffed avacodo, the fancy radishes and the portabello carpacio. The stuffed avacodo was served on top of this delicious sauce of red pepper puree sprinkled with curried cauliflower. The fancy radishes were an assortment of different radishes with an excellent dipping sauce. The portabello was sliced so thin and seasoned so well that it did truly taste like carpacio.   Next course we had the brussel sprouts, nebrodini mushrooms and the smoked potatoes. The sprouts had a touch of heat and were cooked perfectly. The mushrooms were served like a pasta in a butter sauce that truly did taste like butter. The potatoes were wrapped in a chickpea crepe and served in a sauce that had a coconut taste but the coconut didn't over power.Our next course was the grilled beet, the glazed tofu and the seared mushroom. Again all three were amazing. What truly makes vedge stand out is all the elements to each dish. You aren't just getting a stand alone vegetable, it comes with amazing sauces and acoutrements. After all this food we wanted to try more so we finished our savory portion with the eggplant and the autumn squash. The eggplant was probably my favorite dish of the whole night. It was so special. The flavor was unbelievable. The desserts were the only miss of the evening. They were fine but let's be honest you can only make vegan ice cream and cheesecake taste so good. Pass on dessert and get an extra dish. The only other knock on vedge is that for the amount for money you're paying you do not get nearly enough food. This being said it is a true foodie experience. The food is so interesting, it's so flavorful, and it's different than anything I've ever had before. Vedge will have you rethink what you think vegan cooking is."}, {"review_id": "0OAWl4EdTdMBRapaqziaPA", "user_id": "4yVDdFFcVAVf9RvfHkje5Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/15/2017", "text": "I've had Vedge on my radar for about a year now and made a reservation for a dinner with my sister a few weeks ago. We were led past the bar into the first (?) dining room, where we were given a small table against the wall. This was the perfect people-watching spot, as I had a great view of the next room over and my sister could watch people as they came in. Ideal, truly.Our waitress suggested we order 3-4 plates EACH but we decided to order 3 plates to share and then order more if necessary. We got the stuffed avocado ($12), the summer and autumn squash ($12), and the eggplant braciole ($16). As we were waiting for our food to come out, we were given an amuse bouche of a butternut squash bisque. We had to let it cool for a minute or two but those sips gave us a great idea of what was coming our way.We also ordered drinks (of course). I got the apple catcher ($12) and my sister ordered the starflaw ($12). We shared sips but we were both pleased with our choices. Our waters were constantly refilled and the staff was very attentive. The food was fresh, inventive, and unique. I've never had a stuffed avocado before, although I'd love to try to make one now. The eggplant was divine -- after we split it in half, I also split the 1/2 of the cherry tomato garnish and gave one to my sister, who joked about eating 1/4 of a cherry tomato... and then remarked that the bite with the tomato was the best bite on the plate.We finished up with the panna cotta, which I think was a white chocolate with ginger ice cream? It was amazing. The ginger cookies were the winner of the dish in my opinion. If you can get in to Vedge, go. Try everything. It's worth it."}, {"review_id": "IfqJamEHJ_QK5_s2F54BGA", "user_id": "9GhiQOLaM6ZGrrFG-SppwQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/8/2017", "text": "It's no wonder that Eater has Vedge listed as one of the 38 Essential restaurants in Philadelphia and makes reference to it being one of the best restaurants in the city. My two course meal there was phenomenal.I had not made reservations before arriving in Philadelphia and walked in to eat my meal at the bar.I asked the bartender to choose an appetizer and a main for me and she chose well.The meal started with an amuse bouche of a perfectly balanced butternut squash and green curry soup. She ordered me a flight of four different radishes prepared four different ways that stretched my mind in four different dimensions.The bartender also ordered the earthy, grilled miyake mushroom which is a daunting dish as it challenges you to eat an alien like mushroom more intimidation than your cute as you will button mushroom."}, {"review_id": "3a2XCH6viavITI2k0sQq-Q", "user_id": "29K-usmZfVDeIaQ85EG54A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/31/2017", "text": "Absolutely my favorite vegetarian restaurant in all of Philly! And you have to get the black hole sun mixed drink! Seriously, it's scotch and charcoal, what more would you want? chest-hair implants? pwush, this is much cheaper and tastier.My wife and I came here for a random (of course w/reservation) date night and we pigged out and got almost every dish on the menu. I'm not sure how often Vedge cycles through its dishes, but we got a portabella carpaccio (soooooo good! It was vinegary and had the consistency of meat), cabbage salad, summer and autumn squash, wood roasted carrot, glazed tofu, and eggplant. We shared the zucchini bread pudding. Of all of these, you can tell by my enthusiasm that the portabella was my favorite, and the wood roasted carrot was my least favorite as I couldn't taste anything more exotic than a grilled, soft carrot... the tofu was decent and the eggplant was really tasty, especially with the olives. We got one more dish...forgot what it was, but looked like a sausage and even tasted like one too! Delicious!My one grief is that the drink service is really slow, made only more painful when they brought me the wrong drink and took another 10 minutes to bring the right one, but totally worth it!Food: 4-5 stars (extra one for the black hole sun)Price: 4-5 starsAmbiance: 4 starsService: 4 stars"}, {"review_id": "CJ6sePRz9lDTwmWLkOt6xA", "user_id": "9YTEd_NzwITT0Y-1WgiJgw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/23/2018", "text": "You really, really don't need to be a vegan to appreciate and enjoy Vedge. All the hype is true and this is a beautiful restaurant with excellent food and amazing vegan cheesecake. Seriously, how do they do it?!The menu revolves so often that most things I've had in the past probably aren't available anymore, but the stuffed avocado is a permanent fixture on the menu and for good reason. It's absolutely delicious. They also offer interesting cocktails with a fun use of herbs and veggies. I most recently had The Elder Sage, a great gin cocktail made with elderflower and sage, but they also make their own interesting sodas if you're not into alcohol. Service is usually really great and make for an all-around good experience!"}, {"review_id": "o-c1JDMff3YagRKSafjqHA", "user_id": "P0dzf4yZ9RXX8OxVgDKCug", "rating": 2.0, "date": "1/20/2018", "text": "Not the most amazing place I have been to... A lil over hyped. It's good to have so many vegetarian options but it still felt like it wasn't enough... the taste was very average and i expected it to be a lot better after reading all the reviews and ratings. We ordered the mushroom dish and it was way too watery. Also the stuffed avacado could have used a lil more flavor."}, {"review_id": "qGxiqGTSz74T_vejUxWoxw", "user_id": "ehUWWdOynHZMcK26LpbBLA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "Simply amazing... Nevermind that this place is vegan. This is one of the best restaurants I've ever eaten at. Everything was very flavorful."}, {"review_id": "xAJ88SvMUHqbft-T97pq5w", "user_id": "aIxvbOQjX9Pl5TnaSqIutw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "Food was artistic and delicious! Portions are small, this is not your neighborhood chipotle."}, {"review_id": "a5aYGKRRGYNA_c-pmDuO2g", "user_id": "-ZUH1J9f2bkb92jdJym8FA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/1/2018", "text": "I came here with my family after hearing incredibly amazing things about Vedge. I had really high expectations for this place and though not completely vegetarian, I eat a very large amount of vegetables. Overall, I would say that I enjoyed my meal at Vedge though it fell slightly below my expectations (which were maybe unrealistically high). I really liked the restaurant's atmosphere and the dishes were truly creative, fusing flavors from different parts of the world (Japanese, Korean, Italian, etc.) The service was great - the server was able to tell us a lot about the dishes and recommended some of his favorites to us. I ate with two other people and we decided to pick several dishes from each category of the menu and share them. Before we began our meal, we each got a small portion of squash and curry soup to start of our meal. It was slightly spicy and savory - a really great start to the evening. Here the dishes we ordered by menu section:From the Vedge Bar:- Stuffed Avocado: 4.5/5 - I really enjoyed all the textures in this dish - the avocado was creamy yet firm and the \"fried rice\" was crispy. On top of that the shaved cauliflower gave the dish some extra bite. The sauce served with the dish was really great and the dish had an overall citrusy taste that was very light and refreshing.- Fancy Radishes: 5/5 - One of my favorite dishes of the night! It was so creative and each radish combination tasted different. Each had a different texture and flavor from salty to sweet to umami and the dish was just so stunning and colorful. From the Dirt List:- Grilled Cauliflower: 3.5/5 - The cauliflower and mashed potatoes were fine. They tasted good but there was nothing extremely special about this dish. - Charred Brussel Sprouts: 4/5 - I really enjoyed the spicy sweetness of the kimchi sauce and the way the brussel sprouts were cooked (not overly mushy or crunchy). The picked mushrooms on the bottom were also delicious but I just think that sauce was a little bit too thick and overwhelming. From the Grill:- Ssamjang Tofu: 5/5 - My favorite dish of the night for sure! The tofu had a unique and substantial texture and the burnt miso sauce that was served with it was perfect. Even the sea beans on the side were so good (very light yet flavorful). The edamame puree really impressed me - it tasted like pate (but better) - fluffy and creamy!- Eggplant Braciole: 4.5/5 - As a big fan of eggplant I loved this dish too. The eggplant is stuffed with creamy rice and the \"braciole\" is served on top of an Italian salse verde which is nicely flavored with pesto. - Seared Maitake Mushroom: 3.5/5 - The mushroom was not very memorable - it tasted good but not one of my favorites of the evening. The celery root fritter was really interesting, however, and I would recommend trying that! Dessert: - Meyer Lemon Cheesecake: 4/5 - This cheesecake honestly did not taste like it was vegan at all. While it was lighter than regular cheesecake, it was sweetened perfectly and I loved the crust on the bottom. The lemon offset the sweetness with a tang and we also really enjoyed the tangerine ice cream which was very slightly sweet and paired well with the bergamot biscuit sprinkled on top. Overall impression:Vedge is truly creative and my favorite part about my meal here was definitely the different sauces that the dishes were served with. However, I do think that sometimes the vegetables were overshadowed by their preparations and I wish that some of the true flavors of the veggies were highlighted more. This is a very unique spot and definitely worth trying at least once!"}, {"review_id": "Kgv-wd7vqp3qtm72gFpvhg", "user_id": "N9hqTPQu2bmI8c2Pj8F1ww", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/21/2017", "text": "My family and friends consider me to be a vegetables hater, specially green veggies, Popeye & his spinach powerup (anyone?.) Not sure if is it the taste that I don't like, or the texture, is it just a mental block, anyway it's always a challenge. Don't call me a rebel, please. I just don't usually find vegetables exciting or enjoyable to eat.However ...VEDGE is a game changer. It is Real, Good, Damn Food:- Crispy Fingerlings: Tender from the insider and crispy from the outside. Served with creamy Worcestershire sauce.- Korean Seitan Taco: Fascinating served with red cabbage & ginger mayo. I'd say it's a must order.- Rutabaga Fondue: Creamy and rich served with warm and fresh soft Pretzel, pickled vegetables, and charred Onion. Yummy. - Sticky Toffee Pudding: You just have to try it to know how amazing it is.Now, make reservation way in advance, and don't let the long waiting time discourage you, Vedg is well worth the wait, hence the 1000 plus reviews. You cannot go wrong with anything here; The Vedge bar, the the Dirt list, grill, desserts, cocktails and beer are all worthy, with a special callout to the snacks. You know you have a winner when you can't spot an empty seat in the house. Five Yelps and Some"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/vedge-philadelphia?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]