[[{"review_id": "sh8hAUoqoZsTOIFYL3IwIA", "user_id": "D9ZiwY0zV5yOuC0mNGptFg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "Happy find in Philly! Busy and bit tight, but staff are friendly, accommodating & attentive. Tried the grilled octopus, charcuterie board and short rib. For dessert, pistachio/raspberry cake, strawberry stracciatella Ice-cream and espresso. Portions served family style. Best meal I've had in months.  I wanted to try everything on the menu. With construction going on in the area, place was bit hard to get to. But if you park a few blocks away it's easy to get there on foot.Next time I'm in the in the neighborhood, I would absolutely return to enjoy another great meal."}, {"review_id": "jU_U1wQqcN9RGEbDiHQigQ", "user_id": "gzQaaoPzzQi83QMS7XdrKg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "This hard to get into, tiny, slightly cramped and extremely intimate pizza place is great for date night. Expect to pay a bit more than what you would normally do for gourmet pizza. The place is hard to maneuver and works for a small person like myself but if you are tall or wide I would suggest finding somewhere else to dine. It's extremely hard in and out of seats at Barbuzzo and you can expect to exchange conversations through your dining experience with other people around you.Barbuzzo is a cool spot."}, {"review_id": "b0alNcNQBVsYM0BJZUSr6g", "user_id": "rzJtPIJ-eRTHQCuAXW37Tg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "There is a reason this place is so popular. Fun menu, great flavors and relatively inexpensive. The meatballs, octopus and trout were incredible and the dessert was everything that it was suppose to be. I do wish they had a more extensive drink list, but the foot was delectable."}, {"review_id": "2OFeSvzY7QHy_IIqDtEszw", "user_id": "fb9eDPNW21CSbYyOfnnwIQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "A great night at Barbuzzo.I definitely recommend reservations if you want to sit indoors. We lucked out and sat outside at their only open table for our on a Wednesday evening. The service the entire night was wonderful. I won't get into details but there were a lot of small things they did/noticed that took it over the top (Service 5/5). We had the cheese plate, Mediterranean Octopus, a pizza and one of their pastas (the one with the pork). In order, I'd say the pizza was the best, the cheese plate, the octopus and then the pasta. All of it was very good, however, so we were happy with the meal (Food 5/5). The in laws don't drink much so we did not order any adult beverages but I thought the wine/beer lists were both impressive (Drinks 5/5). The ambiance was the city streets of Philly so you can rate that one on your own haha."}, {"review_id": "2BAk98ii4XNYBtdyrYdd-Q", "user_id": "c_Ap6RsFcZpqWN9QM-qIlQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "Good drinks! We got the basil lemonade and the philly negroni. The margarita pizza was phenomenal - the hype was real. We also got the shrimp and pasta and the Bronzino, both were cooked perfectly and filled us up after our appetizer. Our service was a little slow, which may have been hampered by the sheer number of people there.The place was obviously packed, which doesn't help the narrow restaurant to begin with. As soon as you enter, you're forced into a line of people, and on your way to your table, you have to dodge servers and diners alike in order to make it to your table unscathed. It. Is. Loud. Make sure you bring your megaphone to dinner so you can communicate with the person 3 feet in front of you."}, {"review_id": "O_FMACW0Cshxip7aJPp07A", "user_id": "Q6h7l3gr7YByL-XhAeGP5g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "Let me start with this: Barbuzzo was poppin' on a Thursday at lunch time! Who are all these people sitting down for a lovely meal in the middle of the work day?! #envious!The seating at the restaurant is tight, but there's a cozy feel to it. Our server was friendly and attentive, but not overbearing during our meal. My mom and I shared the antipasto plate, and then each had the chicken breast. Everything we ate was well-seasoned and delicious! We left feeling very full and satisfied, but relieved knowing that we ate on the healthier side.  ANTIPASTO PLATE // This smorgasbord has a several small samples of several veggie-centric dishes, and is perfect for sharing. Our plate had: - creamy buffalo mozzarella topped with arugula pesto. Scrumptious!- cannellini bean and roasted garlic spread - this tastes like what is the best hummus ever. It is perfectly creamy, but watch out for the chunks of garlic! - a mix of multi-colored Mediterranean olives- Moroccan spiced carrots - crunchy multi colored carrots mixed with orange segments and lentils.- roasted cauliflower with golden raisins, capers, and sun dried tomatoes - crunchy snap peas in some type of vinaigrette - asparagus dish (I don't remember with what)This was a perfect way to sample a lot of the tasty dishes. Each had its own unique blend of spices and flavors. Perfect start to the meal!GRILLED CHICKEN BREAST // This seemingly simple dish was executed perfectly. The chicken breast was well seasoned, and super juicy and moist on the inside. It was paired with a salad (we asked for no farro because #Passover), containing mixed greens, watermelon radish, and butternut squash. The salad was well-dressed in the vinaigrette. Loved this dish!!! I definitely want to come back to try the deliciously smelling pizzas, as well as stop in for dinner. I'm sure everything will be just as delicious!"}, {"review_id": "KmQ0lw3wObVnUhXKraW9cg", "user_id": "-s48ZKSA31DFNcgJLChhQQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/3/2018", "text": "I don't know if I had just been on too long of a \"no good food\" streak, but this place was amazing.  Popped in on a Thursday for lunch and found an empty seat at the bar, though I will say they also had plenty of table seats available at that time as well.Blood orange spritzer - Nonalcoholic blood orange puree, club soda, and one other item I forgot...not too sweet cocktail for this mama-to-be.Wood-fired maiale (prosciutto) pizza with grilled scallions.  Amazing crunchy crust, non-mushy center, and real prosciutto that was made into smaller pieces.  They brought out sides of hot chili oil and Sicilian Oregano as well.  It was done all so perfect.  Service was modestly quick and attentive.  I enjoyed seeing the wood oven goin in the back with pizzas popping in and out.  Would def recommend this place!*Reservations for the weekend recommended, esp because this place is not big."}, {"review_id": "dkXSceX4MWWSzDSpeUDcBQ", "user_id": "wojMqIU5hJAv71o9h2mCig", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/1/2018", "text": "Loved everything we had. The beet salad was divine. The burrata salad creamy, crispy and delicious. The pizza with prosciutto, tomato, garlic and cheese had perfectly wood oven charred crust. And the huge meatballs were a worthy accompaniment. The salted caramel dessert was a perfect balance of salt and sweet and worthy indulgence. Will definitely go back!"}, {"review_id": "TbbzCxXTQyejF0bmvXlhFw", "user_id": "1t9pHpZUokQCt8ihAG9JLg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/31/2018", "text": "I found out about Barbuzzo when El Vez was closed for a private party. Little did I know El Vez did me a favor.I ate at the bar and this guy just leaving said, unprompted \"everything was delicious here including the dessert.\" I was like ok, the bar is now high. Let's see what you got Barbuzzo!I had the Branzino which is smaller than most Branzinos. But it was cooked perfectly and super tasty. And this is coming from a guy that loves Branzino. It also was filleted in a way so as to not have any bones. Props to the chef/sou chef for that. I complimented the fish with Brussels sprouts and Mushrooms. The Brussels were solid but the Mushroom salad was off the hook delicious.Pro tip:- sucky parking so lyft/uber if you can- try the mushroom salad- get the dessert"}, {"review_id": "mxsH0Z_PH4p395s_WJz1YQ", "user_id": "yaI_-iJ3P4KGfg0obUi1Qw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "This is one of my favorite restaurants. I love the pizza and the pasta. This is the one restaurant I have happily returned again and again. I highly recommend this restaurant."}, {"review_id": "TRO7jAAApUERX0LGjx3jjw", "user_id": "k9Mq6UNtYwPLlv5oFWVcQw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/7/2018", "text": "Barbuzzo was delicious.  I took my team to dinner (4 of us) after a conference and leaned on yelp to find one of Philly's best restaurants.  I have to say this was a great choice.  The location is small and intimate and has a great ambiance.  I was happy my reservation was small because if I had a larger group it would have been tight as the restaurant is long and narrow... so I do not recommend for groups larger than 5 people unless they had bigger tables and I missed it.At Barbuzzo you can order your own meal but they recommend you share.  If your hungry you need about 2 plates per person with the avg plate being around $20.To start I ordered the Basil Lemonade cocktail and it was delicious.  The basil wasn't over bearing nor was the lemonade too sweet.  It was served in a mason jar and had a great presentation.  Barbuzzo has a pretty good cocktail menu and wine list so we had plenty of options and didn't leave thirsty.We of course decided to share... we picked the cheese board and charcuterie board.  The cheese board was tasty but I wasn't a huge fan of the charcuterie board.  I personally am not a fan of meat that spreads... so pates and other chopped or raw meat is not my thing.  The charcuterie board just didn't have a selection for my preference but my coworkers loved it.  I would have preferred a thinly sliced cured meat but apparently restaurants don't make their charcuterie boards around my preferences.Next Up... PIZZA!!!!  We order a margarita and the truffled egg pie.  The pizza was cut in 4's so everyone had a slice... not a huge slice but enough if you are getting other food.  If you have more than 4 in a group ask to cut the pizza in more slices or get more pizza.  Both pizza's were delicious!  I am not a huge truffle fan (I know... you can judge me on that one) but I actually really enjoyed this pie.  the egg yolk was runny but did not make the pizza overly wet or over power the flavors.  The prosciutto added the perfect amount of saltiness and the shaved brussel sprouts made me feel healthy.After the pizza the came the gnocchi and the braised short rib over polenta.  Both meals were also very very delicious.  The gnocchi weren't heavy and I could have eaten the plate by myself. The short rib was soft and not very fatty and the polenta was creamy.  The dishes were small so we each had a little bit.  If we didn't get the pizzas and carb up I would have been hungry.For dessert, we ordered the chocolate bread pudding and tiramisu.  I had the chocolate bread pudding and loved it.  It wasn't overly wet or mushy which sometimes grosses me out.  it was prepared really well and was just enough sweetness to end the night.I highly recommend as long as you order enough food and keep your invite list to a group of 5 or smaller."}, {"review_id": "HKVSrGkB7hsrqWr1yxWajw", "user_id": "KIyDifnT2JprVspkUH4IEg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/9/2018", "text": "I loved this place! Everything I tried was delicious and the service was great. My friends and I shared a pitcher of sangria and we loved it. I also got a beet salad and it was delicious. It was fresh and tasted perfect with the sweet beets. Their pizzas were good! The ambiance is nice. It is cozy and the lights are dimly lit. Perfect place for a date night or a night out with your friends."}, {"review_id": "yx3N3a_XCx1bMOPZl9Uaqw", "user_id": "UJ5kTWTTbrKnxkUlfD4Uaw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/30/2018", "text": "While in town for a conference, we stopped here for lunch on a friend's recommendation.We were luckily able to get seats at the bar pretty quickly since we didn't make advance reservations. Service was fast and super friendly! We ordered the greatest hits, the sheep's milk ricotta, the orecchiette with sausage, the stuffed meatballs, the uovo pizza and the salted caramel budino. I wasn't a huge fan of the ricotta or the pasta (one was not salty/flavorful enough, the other too salty) but I would definitely come back for the pizza and budino!"}, {"review_id": "kmQ5o2A0cZzmDbJkfip_-g", "user_id": "AxZp4ZTbpgXQiiq0ebG7tw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/1/2018", "text": "Aside from the fact that I was sitting on an uneven table (due to bad sidewalks) and literally an arms length from a parked car, the Braised Short Rib was fabulous!!!  The polenta was creamy and the walnuts really added a nice crunchy texture!!  It was well worth sitting crooked!!!"}, {"review_id": "iQU3b-dZQlv0cZVMGcShGA", "user_id": "YwYNhoqFLOjixj89wctf2Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/23/2018", "text": "Beyond satisfied with my experience here!!I made a reservation for three during restaurant week, and was delighted that I secured one of the last reservations for a Sunday night.The first course of ricotta and rustic bread was delicious and creamy, and the whole table enjoyed it.For the second course, two of us go the meatballs, while my other friend got the prosciutto on top of bread. The meatballs were delicious and a hearty portion!! My friend also enjoyed his prosciutto app, but wished he had gotten something else because he felt it was a little heavy to have two courses with bread.For our third course, we sampled the gnocchi, pizza and braised short rib. Wow!! So satisfied with the flavors of all three dishes. The pizza and short rib were both well portioned, but my other friend wished he got a little more gnocchi for his entree. However, if you're eating with friends there's always room to share (or steal) food! Dessert was everything I wanted and more!! The salted caramel bodino was creamy and heavenly, and the tiramisu was delicate and sweet.Overall, 10/10 would recommend!! Can't wait to go back!"}, {"review_id": "753UrbP2DC_q7TVI42BzQA", "user_id": "4DkhJhJMchEan4stdmah8w", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Cool interior with outdoor seating. Came for lunch and shared: antipasti platter, asparagus pizza (white pizza with asparagus, fried egg and guanciale), orrechiette (with sausage, tomato & pecorino) and tufoli (tubular pasta with a red sauce, pork ragu, green veg and parmesan). The pizza was awesome with an airy, crispy crust and crispy asparagus. The runny egg yolk lent a delicious rich creaminess. The antipasti platter was also good. We all agreed that the tufoli was salty and the orrechiette was undercooked-not al dente. The server was on top on everything: refilling water, cleaning the table after the antipasti, checking on us, etc.. The lunch portions are not large, we expected bigger servings for the price. It was an okay meal, with good service in a cool atmosphere."}, {"review_id": "6slH2snkbUwLiqFyGyaJpQ", "user_id": "QXlKsOkGLC0do8evZcgpIA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/2/2018", "text": "Man..what DIDNT I order from this place in the one time I went here. To start- make a reservation- this place was packed even on a sunday night. However, the bf and I got there early and asked if they had a table for 2 and fortunately they did :). And so, the gluttony began.Second, I do not remember the names of these dishes as they appear on the menu...sorry!We ordered the pitcher of sangria (32$) however I did not think it was very worth it- plus the food is the shiner here not the drinks so save room as everything (at least the multitude of dishes we ordered) I would've eaten like..100 times. For starters we ordered the ricotta app along with the bone marrow sausage dish. The ricotta app really lives up to the hype. (My only gripe with this dish and some of the other dishes that come with bread is that the bread is so hard on the outer side you feel like your gums might split apart, also the bread could be sliced thinner to avoid this issue...i know its weird but you will see when you try it.)As for the roasted bone marrow app, I was disappointed that it wasnt the usual bone marrow kind of app, instead the sausage was cooked into the bone marrow and served with this picked mustard seeds that almost look like caviar since its bright yellow (which were so good!)Next we ordered the octopus dish which was cooked very well. I am usually always tempted to order grilled octopus when I see it on the menu as it is one of my favorite dishes and this did not disappoint. It is a tad on the vinegar-y side so if you do not like that then I would not recommend this dish.Next was this housemade pasta dish with a lamb ragu/ braised lamb? I think. It was alright-my boyfriend seemed to like it but to me the other dishes stood out more since I love savory dishes. the mozzarella on this dish was def a highlight!For dessert we ordered both the salted caramel budino and the warm apple pie dessert...and although the budino was rich and decadent, the apple dessert was my favorite as it was served with goat cheese ice cream which in my opinion the serving could have been a tad bigger since my bf and I were fighting over it even though we were literally so full but also loving this place.All dishes are tapas style and small portions. This place is good for dates but bring your wallets out if you want to have a larger group here. You dont have to eat as much as we did lol but it would be beneficial to order about 2 dishes per person and ask your waiters/waitress for any portion details!recommend this place to all my friends in the area just as it was recommended to me with 5 stars."}, {"review_id": "BgBoheGrlwP_XrAIoSgMvg", "user_id": "yz0SQEAXQge78KRgyInlFA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "I went to Barbuzzo for the first time yesterday.Love the decor. It is very modern.We got here just as the kitchen was about to close for lunch and getting ready for dinner. They close the kitchen from 3-5 to prep. I am assuming that customers who come in during that time can order doors since the restaurant is still open.We ordered a margherita pizza which I would recommend. They gave us fresh oregano and chili sauce to go with the pizza.I ordered the chicken breast dish. I thought it was good but just a bit too salty.My friends ordered the Barbuzzo burger and the pulled pork sandwich. These came with fries which I thought tasted pretty good. My friends also thought their food was a bit too salty too. I also ordered a nonalcoholic drink that had blood orange soda, lime and mint in it. I personally thought it was pretty good but my friends thought it was too sour.I would come here again but would ask for less salt next time."}, {"review_id": "CP54jYG-qnN0NOeKwo5DrA", "user_id": "vVBhsqbv07cPiPJHW5F8rw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/25/2018", "text": "I went here for lunch the other day and it was excellent. Barbuzzo is a Mediterranean restaurant that serves unique food. If you want to try unique food then I highly recommend going to Barbuzzo, but beware it is hard to make a reservation because it is so popular.The restaurant itself is a little small so the the tables are close together, but they also have a bar that you can sit at. Their menu did not offer that many choices which is what I loved. I order their lemonade which was a little sweet and a little tart but it paired nicely together. For an appetizer we ordered the sheep milk ricotta. It was ricotta cheese with extra virgin olive oil, vin cotto, herbs, sea salt, and grilled country bread. This was absolutely amazing! The cheese was so creamy, and the bread had a nice crunch to it but it was not too crunchy.The next thing that I ordered was their cured meat board. I wanted to order this because I wanted to try something out of my element. It was pretty tasty but I was not in love with it, like I was with the sheep milk ricotta.Then we order pera pizza and this pizza is the reason why I am giving Barbuzzo 5 star. This was an unique pizza that tasted like nothing I have ever had before. The pizza had pears, their secret sauce, Gorgonzola dolce, arugula, prosciutto, toasted walnuts, and vincotto. Everything blended together nicely, and I could taste each individual ingredient. Everything just melted in my mouth including the crust. The crust was thin and had a nice crunchy crust to it. This experience was filled with unique and tasty food. I will definitely be back."}, {"review_id": "ao23w82PXMmf29KMQi0JKA", "user_id": "kSlFIcuZb0SQJPXVHsabGA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/7/2018", "text": "I came here solo for lunch on a Saturday and was careful to get here as soon as they opened.  As soon as I was seated the place filled up quickly.   It's close quarters and very loud.  The vibe is upbeat The cauliflower pizza was very good, although I would have liked a crisper crust.  I added prosciutto.  They provide fresh oregano and chili oil which is a nice touch.There is a great wine selection by the glass at reasonable prices.  Service was polite and efficient.  Overall this is a great place to check out when in Philly."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/barbuzzo-philadelphia?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]