[[{"review_id": "gzh8E1FlKIVJCyYjXWcz2A", "user_id": "e5H7oAD_txEclZ6oRnZpjw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/23/2018", "text": "I come here for one thing and one thing only. The cocktails. They are unbelievable and by far the best I've had in Pittsburgh. Drinks are a bit pricey but it is money well spent. My go-to is the Kentucky Tea Party Punch, but I haven't had a bad one yet. Bonus: They have more whiskey, bourbon, and rye than you can imagine. Pro tip: If you walk in and there's no seats at the bar, there's a second bar upstairs that most people don't know about. Cheers!"}, {"review_id": "din1ibmlGpLr1LSBT4I0kA", "user_id": "YEBj1ua6MrlFFU_MKaggqQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "Excellent!We arrived at around 10pm for some late night food. We had five different types of cocktails. All were really good and well-priced.We also ordered the brussel, cauliflower, duck liver and the pork candy. The brussel was a bit salty for me, especially the outer layers. Once I removed those the taste was wonderful. Cauliflower was so-so, though we don't like the sauce on the plate. The duck liver and the pork candy were fantastic! Both were very flavourful and the tastes were not too strong. Would definitely recommend. We did not try their large plates today and their criapy octopus ran out today. Would love to be back to try more of their food next time! Definitely a good 5 star restaurant. One of the really great ones in the Pittsburgh area."}, {"review_id": "6s8nkyfXQRJgObhH7ejNnw", "user_id": "i2eVNnnY6puwgeN0QKt94g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "Went here for date night on a Friday, it was a long expected wait but I am nothing less than impressed with this restaurant. The ambiance, atmosphere, and staff were all absolutely great!I will def make a reservation the next time I am heading here."}, {"review_id": "-_SZzBvXXSuX8_JEuf6gdw", "user_id": "-zoKnhRd4Knnj_P-qO0GPQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/23/2018", "text": "Great place for food, cocktails and atmosphere! I took my husband for his birthday and he hasn't stopped talking about it since! We had a great time but it can get expensive. This is now our favorite special occasion restaurant. Arriving early for our reservation, we checked in and had a seat at the 1st floor bar. The bartender was welcoming despite it being a busy night. Their cocktail menu is impressive and it's a treat to watch the expert bartenders create them. I ordered the Wild Kind... made with Old Forester burbon, honey, ginger, lemon. This spot at the bar is an experience itself! The 2 story shelf of liquor behind the bar is a sight to behold. We were seated upstairs for dinner in a tight row of tables with a bench against the wall and chairs on the other side. We were separate but very close to our neighbors. Our waitress was lovely...helpful and friendly.If you eat nothing else ORDER THE MAC AND CHEESE!  We're so glad we did! So flavorful! I could have stopped the evening there and been satisfied.For dinner I ordered the scallops. It comes with blue cheese risotto, asparagus and mushrooms. Delicious. Perfectly cooked."}, {"review_id": "jrfxRRDXQtHn_aF4atHZOg", "user_id": "KRUvYWJZEkm5RpWn0jOW2w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Absolutely delish. The duck liver pate is to die for. Beef tartare was great as well. The dirty pasta was amazing (maybe too oily) and the scallops were great as well. Pound lemon cake came with interesting toppings. Wine selection not the best and a little overpriced but overall it's a place to dine in while in Pittsburgh!"}, {"review_id": "jtEYusNuV9iGhvRTdbmEZw", "user_id": "onMpGwT8hQm_qlGy29r5Wg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "Wow!  From the valet to the, host, to the bartenders, to the servers - the service was excellent!  Everyone was so pleasant and accommodating - especially for a very busy Saturday night.  The decor - jaw dropping.  We sat at the upstairs bar and it was like attending a show!  Each of us had wonderfully crafted whiskey cocktails.  Food was fantastic...we only had appetizers, but I will dream about the Brussels sprouts for all eternity.  I can't wait to go back!Side note - we ordered food for a friend to go from Tako next door.  Also fantastic with wonderful service."}, {"review_id": "SlHek0GA1vKP8WclKRxyLA", "user_id": "m0Mv49vVS0CX1wNXgMyCBQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "First time in Pittsburgh and I was coming for work...spoke at a local conference. One of my buddies back home told me I needed to try this place. Heard they had the best Old Fashioned in town. The low light rustic vibe made me almost forget my purpose there. I almost ran into a table I was looking around so much trying to drink in all my eyes could handle. It was too cool to be hipster but too hip to be retro so I'd place this lounge in a category all its own. I made it to the upstairs bar and ordered my old fashioned. It was in fact delicious, not too sweet not too bitter just right! After ordering a second choice and leaving it up to the bartender I was brave enough to dive into the food selection. This dry aged tartare was so interesting with all the flavor combinations and yet I couldn't stop eating it. Simply delicious. Was thinking about that meal and those drinks the rest of my trip. Thanks for surpassing expectations...we need a place like yours out west."}, {"review_id": "CwQkqULajw3YsRF2YS7x2Q", "user_id": "6KUA3-IfHoAhQ3FL2djQoQ", "rating": 2.0, "date": "1/12/2018", "text": "I'll be Captain Obvious by stating that this is not the best place for a vegetarian (shocking, I know). I've been to similar restaurants with fantastic veggie options so I was optimistic. That faded quickly. The food, overall, was very underwhelming. The only vegetarian options were on the small plates menu. The brussels (vegetarian without the parmesan) were flavorful but completely drenched in oil. The cauliflower was slightly better but had an overbearing taste of lime. I would not recommend either. However, the night was saved by the amazing chocolate banana cake.Since it's usually busy in the evenings, service was very slow - both the wait staff and the kitchen. We had a reservation for 7:30pm but was not actually seated until closer to 8pm. It then took another hour for us to get our food."}, {"review_id": "RQLCT3dc1YDKRaPK9QkRCw", "user_id": "W-aNmoh5OGORqCIYSpjRWQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/22/2018", "text": "Two thumbs up. Food was spectacular and very innovative. Got the bone marrow app and it was to die for. They even let our pup sit outside with us while we dined. A must go to while here."}, {"review_id": "AXizEQRlm76kbv1KigBZsA", "user_id": "SVI4wBw1gflpCEZu8OEiFg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "I had one bad experience with their mussles and it was bad but it still tasted really good overall with everything and they took the food back and brought a fresh batch. You have to make a reservation at this place couple weeks ahead of time in order to get a seating anywhere."}, {"review_id": "9X_ELTZ0fPS4utxCicuWWA", "user_id": "rRGDy3Z8kkU8dvn79GeIfw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/12/2017", "text": "With a toilet like this and a water pipette for tasting I just knew this place would live up to the hype. I was right!  I watched one bar tender shaking a drink in the left hand while stirring another with his right hand while carrying on a conversation. I was so impress I tried the 'tap my head and rub my belly at the same time' trick and laughed loudly enough people looked over at me. As you read this keep in mind that I went for the booze more than the food.A MEGA WALL of booze with knowledgeable staff to boot. Ask for a whisky list and you get an iPad with brown juice categorized by type, location time period, etc. What fun! 1oz and 2oz pours from $4-$800(for those big spenders) of juice from all over the world. By the time I was done I was feeling out of this world having spent way more on liquid than solid consumption. Oh yeah, the food. I went with my Yelper recommendations and got the Sunday Gravy and Scallops which were both good. They weren't crazy good. Hence the 4 and not 5-stars.  Elbow bent and two forks up. YUM!"}, {"review_id": "CVqMHPOzGT98TnQcDPwr3A", "user_id": "zdpn-MrLT_QPhwJ5-KHKCA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "11/16/2017", "text": "I'll preface this review with the warning that I cannot judge the restaurant for their whiskey offerings -- I can only speak to the quality of the food. I ordered the braised rabbit which was poorly cooked and poorly seasoned. The salt monster definitely got me on this dish! The dish also lacked a general cohesiveness (though it is hard to balance a rabbit dish that is overly-seasoned). The undercooked accompanying vegetables could not hold up to the hearty protein. I can see the appeal, especially if someone is looking to impress on a first date. I think the quality of food for the price they demand is incredibly insulting. Perhaps others were intimidated by the impressive decor (and whisky wall) and overlooked the integrity of the food. Also why is it so dark in here?"}, {"review_id": "ydzSMoyFZ3lzXlTakHfQVw", "user_id": "XkkkKDCShonWv5MGKOTfwA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/22/2018", "text": "This is our favorite restaurant in the city. Everything about it is perfect, from the beautiful, woodsy decor to the amazing display selection of the whiskey bar and most of all, the FOOD.We came here for Valentine's Day, not that we ever have trouble finding an excuse to come here. We were seated upstairs (there is a bar area, communal tables and seating downstairs, and more seating and another, more secluded bar upstairs). Note that some tables upstairs are very close together, but we weren't seated at those tables.Our waitress was extremely attentive, always refilling water and making sure we were ok. I ordered the Wild Kind cocktail, which was a bourbon cocktail that was a great blend of sour and smokey. But honestly, I've never had a cocktail here that I didn't love. The cocktail menu is always changing, and it's always super creative.We ordered the gnudi (special for V day) and the brussel sprouts to start. The gnudi was light and decadent, and the brussel sprouts were perfectly roasted with just the right amount of lemon and presented with a delicious lemon aioli.For dinner, we got the scallops with blue crab risotto and the rainbow trout with anchovy vinaigrette. I dream about this risotto. The scallops are always perfectly seared and so buttery (texture wise), and the risotto is so heavenly every single time. It is my FAVORITE meal in Pittsburgh. The rainbow trout was also delicious, perfectly seared as well, and the anchovy vinaigrette definitely added something different. Delicious.For dessert, we got the amaretto cheesecake (on special for V day). Everything on this plate was perfection, from the luxardo cherries oozing with flavor to the light, fluffy cheesecake to the lightly toasted marshmallows and the sorbet.Honestly, if I could eat the scallops with blue crab risotto every day, I would be the happiest person on the planet. I love Butcher so much, from the service to the food to the ambiance."}, {"review_id": "Jq2B8jNpDFvtmzPrLy-9ZQ", "user_id": "uaHtvUz94c6_rhZ-KYE9oQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/26/2018", "text": "Cool atmosphere and choice of music. Nice variety of handcrafted cocktails & svotches. Caesar Salad , mac & cheese, filet were all very good."}, {"review_id": "T-X69SOhU4wrzRzs2yLv8Q", "user_id": "pbDJGS8PDgqpUPmDH1YJvA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/12/2018", "text": "This is a really popular restaurant, with a diverse menu and a two-fisted cooking style.  This style works well with pub favorites and appetizers, like the excellent rabbit rillettes (not enough toast) and the grilled radicchio salad (small).  The main plates lacked finesse and were very heavy.  Yes, the scallops were grilled perfectly, but the accompanying \"crab risotto\" was a mushy mess of over-cheesed rice that did not allow the crab to emerge.  Same with the chicken dish: the meat part was very good, the mushroom duxelles tasty but way too heavy. Because we still had that great rillettes dish, we ordered the sourdough bread (baked in house), it was ok but nothing particular.The beer list was not very distinguished (no local beers) but a few good US breweries were listed (not on tap). The service was very good, given the crowds.  A solid 3.5 restaurant food-wise."}, {"review_id": "IrRqi24ddPX7CYRb3Cu2PA", "user_id": "rVLTC95ZV7yCmbQbSVdX1w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/10/2018", "text": "Interesting plates that are elegant and a good opportunity to try things you can't find in normal restaurants. Not the biggest portions, but they taste very good. I had the bone marrow and lamb neck. Both were very good. They also have a large whiskey selection."}, {"review_id": "BRTK21_KJRc1PnMYuu-ZSw", "user_id": "PGeiszoVusiv0wTHVdWklA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "8/4/2017", "text": "3.5 stars ... Good service and fun vibe place but the food was a bit more miss than hits for me. Looking for an restaurant that had an interesting menu and great service in the downtown core, yelp quickly pointed to a few restaurants and Butcher and Rye popped up with its near perfect score.  I can see it being one of the more popular downtown Pittsburgh places... it has a fun vibe.One thing I noticed when we arrived was that the restaurant was only 75% filled but there's no reservations left available online.  So for anyone thinking there's no seating even on a Friday night, you probably would be pleasantly surprised if you called in to see if there is a table available.  When you walk in, you immediately notice the bar area and the incredibly huge wall of bottles.  There's 3 levels to the restaurant and each level and spot has an unique and arresting visual to keep you looking around.  You can spot the large antler chandelier or tall standing bear or even the head of a pig.  Think of it as a hunter's man cave who happens to like their rye... correction: LOVES their rye.  Possibly bathes in it.The staff here is friendly and informative of all items on the menu.  It was recommended to look at the menu as a sharing plate style and to have a few small plates and one or two large plates depending on how starved we are.  We ended up ordering their special crispy octopus, Brussels sprouts, cauliflower, and dirty pasta.  Crispy Octopus - It was offered on their special menu and seeing how I will miss the Tako octopus, this sounded like a good option.  It came with two medium sized tentacles with a nice crispy shell on it.  It was pretty easy to cut through with the butter knife and it was nicely tender.  The sides that came with it had great texture.... crispy shell covering a tender creamy block, soft chick peas, and perhaps a wilted grilled leek.  Compared to the octopus, i found the sides to be quite light on flavour and underseasoned.  The leek or spring onion had flavour but the creamy block (polenta?) had very little flavour.  I think the octopus was very good but the sides kinda left the dish a little underwhelming.  3.5/5 (4 for the octopus though!)Brussel Sprouts - Super deep bronzed crispy sprouts were under a mountain of Parmesan cheese and dill.  There was an aioli on the bottom that was supposedly flavoured with lemon.  This was another great textural dish but could be seasoned a bit more. Even the parmesean didn't quite save the dish from being light on flavour.  3.5/5Cauliflower - This looked super spicy as it arrived with a nice red colour but there wasn't any heat to it once you took a bite.  The cauliflower was crispy and was accompanied with farro grains, pine nuts, and a smear of harrisa.  Overall, I loved how you got crunch, crispy bit, and a tender cauli.  I wish the harissa was a bit stronger as I found the flavour not very strong.  3.5/5Dirty Pasta - Al dente long open tubes pasta carrying a rich sauce of pecorino, ground duck, and finely diced carrots.  The sauce was very rich texture and lovely but opposite of the previous 3 dishes, it was incredibly salty.  I'm not sure if all the salt arrived from the other 3 dishes or the pecorino was heavy handed.  3/5Overall, the service was good and had a great atmosphere.  Just unfortunately the dishes and kitchen wasnt quite wowing us.  The other odd thing was that they delivered all 3 small plates within minutes of each other and we didnt have any room for the 3rd plate.  They had to remove our drinks to fit it.  So I wish I could say its a 4 stars but not quite for us this time."}, {"review_id": "Km40yd24HU5kht3sG6ymVQ", "user_id": "tfs-CSaJuQtnEsdBm7fVnw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/31/2018", "text": "I've come here many times before for drinks at the bar and am always very impressed with the caliber of cocktail and bartender.  One of my favorite things to do is the design your own cocktail by telling them what flavor profile you want and letting them go to town.  I've never had a bad drink here. It has taken me quite awhile to get here for the food though.  I ordered the rabbit and my husband got the carbonara.  I really enjoyed the different flavors that were in my dish and they all worked very harmoniously together, but the carbonara was to die for.  I was definitely having dish envy.  The staff is excellent and they definitely have a theme to their decor.  Quite eclectic hipster/hunter I would say.  Very interesting. Also, if you like Whiskey - this is the place for you."}, {"review_id": "o-FZpOwSfLoRt17V5QwfSg", "user_id": "eVA8eATllpgTJx_RfW_S5w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/1/2018", "text": "A coveted five star review. I'm not sure where to start but this place is extremely eclectic in it's decoration and menu. We arrived at 5 PM and there was already a line. They have a bone marrow appetizer which was delicious. Also the beet salad appetizer was amazing. One of their specialties is a dirty pasta with dark, and another special rabbit kielbasa with a pirogi and pork belly. Please filled up quickly and I can't say enough about the unusual decor. There were animal heads mounted on the wall along with unusual wallpaper and lighting. The food was divine and everyone enjoyed themselves thoroughly. They have a tremendous whiskey menu and it is stacked to the roof at their bar which the access with a rolling ladder such as in a library. If I lived in Pittsburgh I would be a regular here. However, my first experience was so great that I may just have to plan another trip to Pittsburgh in the future so I may return."}, {"review_id": "n3iC3kwbMDBKGJDUfahLQA", "user_id": "NilrQC1Lq7t2O1u_54sINQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "8/2/2017", "text": "After having gone to Meat & Potatoes a couple of times, I decided to give Butcher & the Rye a go and really glad that I did. In fact, I think I prefer it to M&P, even though they share owners. They have a couple of tables set up outside on the sidewalk, and I got to sit out there during one of the nicer days in late May. The service right off the bat was great: the host was really friendly, as was the waitress, and incredibly helpful in deciding what to order. In the end I decided on the brown butter brussels (sprouts) and the soft shell crab that was on special that day. Both items were INCREDIBLE! I thought that the brussels I had at Emporio were good, but those at B&tR were far less salty, so they take the lead. And the soft shell crab was amazing, with just the hint of a kick. Bonus points to B&tR for having delicious non-alcoholic drinks that weren't your usual sodas/juices."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/butcher-and-the-rye-pittsburgh?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]