[[{"review_id": "w1mcJmbEnULEvg8H4Hb4yQ", "user_id": "345XWi4oawUqZxNc1FEfYA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "Even if I wasn't a craft beer geek, particularly Belgian beers, this place would still get a top rating for the food and atmosphere. But I am, so Monk's Cafe` won me over completely. I was in Philly for several days, and my first visit I sat alone at the bar and had a few beers with lunch. The draft list is stunning - you're going to find beers here that you will not find at many places in the US, perhaps no other places outside Belgium. They do in fact have a Flemish sour ale (which is superb) brewed especially for them by a Belgian brewery. But fear not if you don't like sour beers, or Belgian beer in general - they also have a nice selection of American IPAs (including hard to find Pliny The Elder from Russian River Brewing) and other styles like porter and stout. The bottle list has a couple of hundred additional options, but I generally stick with what's on draft.But on to the food. One of their specialties is mussels and Belgian frites, but I went for a veggie spin on a local dish - a seitan cheese steak sandwich. Made with gruyere cheese and with sauteed onions and mushrooms added, it was a comfort food delight on a damp day in February.I returned the next day for lunch with my wife, again sitting at the bar, determined to make my way further through the beer and food menu. She is more of a foodie than a beer person, and she was mightily impressed by her fish stew, which uses Duvel, a strong Belgian golden ale, in the stock. I went with the duck salad sandwich, duck breast grilled medium (at my request, the standard is medium rare) with baby greens, goat cheese, walnuts, and craisins. The duck (at only $13.95) was better than similar dishes I've had at higher end restaurants for twice the price. Service is very efficient and knowledgeable, particularly about the beer offerings. It's a fairly small place, and super popular, so get there early (they open at 11:30 a.m.) or late (they serve their full menu until 1 a.m.) or you will likely be waiting for a table, since they don't take reservations.Definitely one of the highlights of my visit to Philly, and a must stop any time I return."}, {"review_id": "KGBTm6QDeOmZYNFE4GF_Hg", "user_id": "ZFIiTxyQZ5iUx_LPdbGJBA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "I am not a huge beer fan, but of course if you are you will really enjoy this place.  Crazy beer selection, and they have a nice description in their \"beer bible\" about the process of making beer.  It was nice reading when my friend went to the bathroom. As for food, I got their Mexicano mussels which came with their Belgian frites.  I really have never enjoyed mussels as good as these!  The broth was kind of a vegetable stock (onions, peppers of all kinds, etc.) with a bunch of garlic.  The garlic actually didn't bother me, but if you are bothered by garlic definitely avoid these.  the frites were average, but the chipotle mayo or whatever that comes with was tasty. Price is probably on par with other places in Philly, paid 19$ for food+tip."}, {"review_id": "5tJwJk_9ZN0gx1yhVM-GTQ", "user_id": "4nTTGHn5a1L6Gsa0LWFpcg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Monk's Cafe has a really huge and extensive collection of beers. There are SO many that are really unique. This is definitely the best part about the restaurant/cafe. Come for the beer as the main event! It's pretty busy even on Sunday night. We waited 25 minutes for a table for two. The ambiance is a little dark and bar-like as the bar is the main focus with food being secondary.I won't review drinks specifically in the review because this time I only went for the food. I got the Monk's Burger and my friend got the mussels. I tried the mussels ($16) and quite liked them. They were garlicy and had a nice \"sea\" flavor. They were also juicy, and I didn't notice that there was any sand in them.The Monk's burger ($13) was in general good. It comes with a side of seasoned fries and a mustard-mayo dip, which works well with the burger. The burger bun was very soft and enjoyable, and the blue cheese was sharp too. I found the burger meat itself slightly on the dry side and a little cold though, which is why I took off one star.I did not get it this time, but I remember not liking the duck salad, thinking there was too little dressing."}, {"review_id": "Fip3WlC-MMM-WS9MG3BRVg", "user_id": "zOpeHDA4qVFdMD5GrnQAJA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "Came here on a recommendation and was so impressed. Had a couple drinks at the back bar (which has a different selection than the front bar) and then sat down for food. Ordered the hot wings, which are no joke. Make sure you've got water or the delicious garlic sauce handy. Ordered the Monk's burger (caramelized leeks and blue cheese) medium-rare as a main with pommes frites (which are incredible). Burger was perfectly done and the brioche bun was incredible - fresh, soft and wonderful..Would come back just to sample more of the Belgian beers alone. And maybe get another burger. (Okay, definitely to get another burger.)One tip - if you're coming as a group, it's a struggle to separate bills. Have Venmo at the ready."}, {"review_id": "Mg-LOUoyJnlbKS-xjDi9Zw", "user_id": "RG91_Obi7yhHKAs5tUYgDQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/12/2018", "text": "WOW. That's all I can say.I'm not a drinker, but that didn't stop me from coming here to enjoy some pub food. Granted this was my first time trying pub food, I didn't have a lot of expectations. But I was blown away by the menu. I was wavering between the fish stew, salmon, and duck confit, but because one of my friends highly recommended the duck salad, I ended up ordering that instead.I can't say enough good things about the duck. It was seared to a perfect medium-rare. I had asked for the dressing on the side, but thought that the salad already tasted good as it was with the cranberries and candied walnuts. I ended up not touching the goat cheese, but thought the salad tasted just fine without it. (For me, not having the cheese was just a personal preference.)I will definitely be coming back for a second, third... probably fourth time lol to try out the rest of the menu."}, {"review_id": "MyYaL0FqYuheki3m-Ov0ZA", "user_id": "FIDPP65G4FxtZfqt5HwWWg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/28/2018", "text": "If you're a fan of beer and mussels, look no more! Monk's Cafe has both of these for ya!Came here for mussels ($16.95), so we ordered two: Monk's and Thai Curry. Monk's is mixed with Allagash White, fume, garlic and parsley. It was light and refreshing to eat. Thai Curry had more flavor because it was mixed with Monk's Cafe Flemish Sour Ale, fume, Thai red curry, basil, garlic, and coconut milk. Each order comes with 1.5 pounds of mussels and a side of fries. The bourbon mayo that comes with is to die for! As for beer, I was able to get Pliney the Younger, woohoo!Service here is lackluster, but we definitely enjoyed the beer and mussels!"}, {"review_id": "hW2o8ptGpRm75UICxSU__g", "user_id": "Yt3LXRIrmbk4-lTwDaYm-g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "If you're a beer fan - stop here! This was my first time at Monk's and I was impressed. We didn't have reservations so I was very surprised how quickly we were seated. Our waiter was very knowledgeable on their beer list and gave great suggestions. I ordered the Monk's mussels, which had garlic and parsley! These were very delicious and filling."}, {"review_id": "xZPEko-m98rxlSJKhPAVMQ", "user_id": "WMK-2Su_q2GoxhchmotOsw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/17/2018", "text": "If I'm ever in the mood for mussels, this is where I go.  They have the best mussels in the city. My favorite being the Ghent. The amount of mussels and a pomme frites you get is well worth the price. They mussels are super plump and clean (never gritty). I've tried dessert here one time and would never do it again. Obviously this place has an extensive beer selection. I'm certainly not a beer connoisseur but if you are, this place is a must go to.Service is always great. I don't believe they take reservations but the wait is rarely long. Plus you can order drinks at the bar while you wait."}, {"review_id": "5qn2eIKhE1c0q8zkwkd9EQ", "user_id": "cWXOC4CzQFZPLAS7jXlNUw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/28/2018", "text": "TLDR: One of the best places to have beer in the U.S. with an amazing beer selection.If you do some searching online, Monk's Cafe is an award winning spot that is pretty much a craft beer lover's dream. I would say that this should be on the bucket list of any fan of craft beer. As someone who is not from Philly, it seems like there are plenty of places to go to when it comes to craft beer. However, Monk's Cafe is a without a doubt the bar you need to go to while in Philly. The place is so good, they even have a beer brewed just for them - Monk's Cafe Flemish Sour Ale (see here: beeradvocate.com/beer/pr…). Located right in the downtown Philly, it's pretty much street parking wherever you can find it for Monk's Cafe. I came here on a weekday afternoon and I probably drove around for ten to fifteen minutes trying to find a spot. I've read that 15th Street and Pine Street may be your best bets, and I was able to get a spot on Pine Street - it's about a two minute walk to Monk's Cafe.Two things you should know about this place is that they do not take reservations and you cannot sample beer. I suppose with a spot known to be one of the best places for craft beer, anything you order will be one of the best, if not the best. If it's your first time here, I read from a lot of other reviews that this place understandably gets really busy during peak hours. I got here on a early weekday afternoon and I was able to get a spot at the front bar.Monk's Cafe is low key kind of place - nothing extravagant to take away from the beer I suppose. When you sit down, you are handed a Beer Bible aka a menu of their extensive beer selection. Being that Monk's Cafe is \"The Soul of Belgium in the Heart of Philadelphia\", the Belgian beer list here is top notch. However, they also offer other beer styles from breweries both local and international. See here for their current tap list: monkscafe.com/on-tap.I tried to get a mix of what they had to offer while I was here and I had:- Corsendonk Christmas Ale- Pizza Boy Brewing Co The Luster of 10000 Suns (IPA)- Russian River Blind Pig- Russian River Pliny the ElderAs expected, all of their beers are great. You may not have the exact same thing as I do, but you can bet that you'll have some of the best beer available. I didn't get a chance to try any of their entrees, but I would recommend their pomme fritte (fries) if you want something to snack on.Service while I was here was top notch as well. The bartenders are really knowledgable about the beers and help create a great experience, especially for first time patrons. Overall, Monk's Cafe is an amazing place for craft beer and a must if you're in Philly."}, {"review_id": "mhmkPKvXcTz22oSCI8AVCA", "user_id": "Qr4WZ5cQ1HtCowUy27BdUQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "Like most of my other reviews, this place always seems to have a wait whenever I go. However, this time I went very late on a Sunday and they were able to seat us immediately. The service was really friendly and the menu is pretty mouth-watering, with extensive options that cover any craving or taste palate (from frog legs to scallops to beef stew). I went for the mussels and the Monk's were made with an Allagash White (oh yeah, forgot to mention just how many Belgium beers they had to offer too), garlic and parsley. It's a hefty portion and I was definitely full by the end of the meal. I also had a bite of their burger which was perfectly juicy and full of flavor. This place did not disappoint and seems like a great casual dining option anytime. I highly recommend!"}, {"review_id": "kQy-bybOxy2nog5yPAA4tA", "user_id": "IEbdk3v9uCl20UVObqljvA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/23/2017", "text": "Monk's is a place to go if you're a beer aficionado. I mean, where else have you been where they have a Beer Bible? Probably few, if any. After coming here several times, I don't think I've ever had the same beer twice and because their list of offerings has beers from all over the world, why would you?! Spoiler alert: no beer samples.I love the mussels and prefer the Ghent over the Thai Curry. The Ghent is a lot more decadent with its bacon, blue cheese and leeks rather than the Thai Curry, which I found to be lighter. I wouldn't say that the bread that comes with them, but it does the job. I was once offered a piece of crostini, which was significantly better soaking up the juices. The bourbon mayo that comes with the fries is excellent. I get so sad when it's almost done. Keep in mind to ration it out because the mayo serving size isn't the largest. The burger wasn't just alright, nothing to write home about. The frog legs taste awesome, but are a bit pricey. They're covered in buffalo sauce and reminiscent of a chicken wing, though much leaner in taste. So you can eat these without feeling as guilty.Not the largest place, so I wouldn't come here with a large group. Can also be really loud in both the front and back bars, so if you're trying to have a heart-to-heart with many people, I wouldn't recommend it. I would say come here if you're a beer enthusiast and like Belgian things."}, {"review_id": "cRwcLQOXxHtMacQxzsJqYQ", "user_id": "7XXKi6pgXeX1uJZcGjKNRQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/4/2018", "text": "Monk's do not take reservations over the phone, so make sure you walk in and reserve your spot! We had slightly over an hour wait -- was it worth it? Not for the wait, but is Monk's good? Absolutely. What sets Monk's apart from other restaurants is their blend of beer cooked with their food. Depending on the dish, the beer infused dishes become enhanced, richer, and darker than what you'd normally get elsewhere. Top items to get:- Beer, beer, beer. - Pomme frites: one of our favorite item on the menu! Crisp and well seasoned, paired with a bourbon dipping sauce. - Mussels: all flavors and beer broth it's steamed and simmered in will be to your liking. Mussels are fresh and includes around a pound and a half. The broth at the bottom is perfect for dipping with the bread. My only qualm with this dish was that our bread was as hard and dry as a brick, so we ended up sipping on the broth like soup.- Burgers are always good, but very standard for me. Though they do offer many special flavors crafted with a beer theme.- Beef stew: a new item on their menu. Hearty, dark, and bold in flavor with the beer complimenting the beef. Perfect for a cold wintry day."}, {"review_id": "Ps1i39IJLpovU7-KAqj6pA", "user_id": "lGZclrwA3HTMRq4iNmRAqw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/25/2018", "text": "I would have rated Monk's with 5 stars but the whole host and seating process is extremely inefficient.  My wife and I came in and asked for a table, and we saw 3-4 empty tables.  The host said there was a 30 minute wait.  We ordered some beers and noticed people coming in and getting tables immediately.  I asked the host if they took reservations and he said no... He then sat us immediately.  Anyway, the beer menu is extremely impressive, with the highlight being Russian River (Pliny) and Lost Abbey (San Diego).  My wife had the ribeye and I tried a burger.  My wife said the ribeye was very good and came with delicious mashed potatoes. I had the Monk Burger with fried leeks, blue cheese, and bacon.  The food was very good.  Also, the service was really good a well.The ambience is modeled after a Belgium Pub and is authentic.  Only a 300 yer old city could house a legitimate Belgium Pub.I will be back but hope for a better seating experience."}, {"review_id": "zZBZHWyMNYyspGQMWnmZoQ", "user_id": "sdatGDvyQ7wEceikce7ZEg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/7/2018", "text": "This place is super small and doesn't take reservations. Overall, I'd give this place a 4 stars mainly because of their quality selection of draft beers and unique foods. My buddy and I came here to grab a couple of drinks and small plates to share. We waited around 40 minutes for a table, but luckily there was a bar for us to order drinks from. Again, very small spaces, but there were areas you could chill and talk without an issue. The only thing I found annoying was how long it took to get a drink at the bar, or even to close out my tab. They wouldn't seat us until I closed my tab, which I thought was weird.. However, it was on a Friday at 7:00 pm so I'll give them that. Also, the place was a lot louder than I thought it'd be.I ordered exclusively from their draft beer lists. The Rye-King was a dark beer that had A LOT of aroma with a smoky taste, almost like whisky. Definitely worth trying, but not something I'd order two pints of. The Brewery Techne Porter was one of my favorite drinks. It was smooth, not too hoppy, and just overall something I could drink a lot of without getting sick of it. I heard Pliny the Elder is a popular beer, I'll try it next time. For food, they have some interesting stuff like frog legs, duck confit, and their mussels. The duck confit ($20) was just one duck leg with a reduction sauce. Pretty tasty, but I've had better. I found portions to be kind of small and pricey. Maybe the burgers/sandwiches would be better if I want a filling dinner. I'd honestly come here again just to drink their beer and just order some foods as tapas."}, {"review_id": "g6CG2FcZQ68WbGcQ3tom2A", "user_id": "zdpn-MrLT_QPhwJ5-KHKCA", "rating": 2.0, "date": "1/27/2018", "text": "I really wanted to like this place. They have a Beer Bible here! Sadly, I was a bit overwhelmed by the options and the chaotic arrangement of the bar to really appreciate their Belgian brews. We ordered the mussels, a burger, and the duck salad. The mussels were rather flavorless (the broth tasted of just water and salt and certainly did not cover enough of the mussels). It seemed that they just dumped a bunch of steamed mussels in a pot and ladled a scoop or two of salty water and called that a dish. The duck was even more disappointing. The duck had the taste of 3-day old chicken that had been microwaved. It definitely wasn't fresh and lacked any memorable seasoning. I only ate 2 slices and threw the rest away. I'm not sure why this place is as popular as it is. We ordered 3 of their signature dishes and 2/3 were disappointing. It would take a lot of convincing for me to come back."}, {"review_id": "L_oFULQWh-oSKKq00vLosA", "user_id": "hpS_jDYkR0Xh11uUNmZqZg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/27/2018", "text": "Stumbled upon this gem yesterday. I was expecting your typical pub with okay pub food and a decent list of beers. Boy was I wrong. The menu is short but I suspect everything is delicious based how well my burger was cooked and tasted. The beer list is phenomenal. Top quality beers from all over the world, many, hard to find. They aren't cheep but then again that isn't what this place is about. I was impressed with the amount and quality of beer on their list."}, {"review_id": "NpVcmeF8v2ABlSSBi_alsA", "user_id": "tbzZeAJ5X8kS-sDkArt27g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/25/2018", "text": "If you like an incredible selection of beer, this is the place for you.  If you are there just to hang at one of the two bars, the space is very night, and everyone is constantly squeezing through.  It's what you signed up for either going or working there.  You can't sign in until your entire party is there.   We had a very good waitress(forgot her name-big hoop earring) Overall, we liked the food.  With 6 of us, we piled on the apps and they were delicious.  Wings- they warn you about the heat and they are that hot, but so good. Mussels- excellent!!!  Enjoyed both the Ghent and Thai!Great beer selection in a cool yet tight"}, {"review_id": "vOy3pMyufUacMu13NM7isw", "user_id": "kfYrxel7FUw8bbgvKAiehw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/1/2018", "text": "Visited twice, both days earned 5 stars. DAY 1:Arrived: Saint patty's day @ 8pmWait for a table: 15-20minWaited happily because the food looked amazing.Ordered...Drinks: Pliny the elder & bling pig. Both were Very nice! Food: Veal cheeks & duck sandwich. Server: Jim, was fast, pleasant, and on point. Food was great & came out fast. 5 stars on first visit.DAY 2: Arrived 2pm on a Sunday.No wait!Ordered...Drinks: Fernet Branca (yayyyy they have this, not all places carry this) & hubby again wanted Pliny the Elder. Food: Monk Mussels. Very tasty, utter Perfection to be honest!Sat @ the bar. Rick my Bartender, was whistling on the job. His demeanor projected how he enjoys his work. Cool spot, will 100% revisit when visiting Philly again."}, {"review_id": "kvSJpifvvKfRx9HZhIkLHw", "user_id": "TGnn73j8T9yiJyeeh47fpg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/6/2018", "text": "Hands down the best craft beer bar in Philly and Top 10 on the East Coast.Monk's is a beer nerd's dream come true. Two bars with 20+ rare draughts that rotate daily. They have a bottle list of 200+ gems, many of which can't be found elsewhere including a selection of CantillonsThe food is also fantastic. I highly recommend the mussels and \"Spanish Flies\" if you like spicy chicken wings."}, {"review_id": "VfcgWjRDA7JVEtN1PhYukQ", "user_id": "-Rocdfu1eqSbyqCEBvOzDw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/5/2017", "text": "Love Monk's! One of my go to's in Philly. Great ambiance, always packed so be prepared to wait. This time was only thirty minutes and I was able to find seats at the bar, which never happens. The mussels are awesome! Seriously good. And you can ask for extra bread to soak up all those tasty juices. Burger was equally delicious. Anything goat cheese will steal my heart. And I love when burgers are served on a brioche bun. Fries are fresh cup and I love the dipping sauce. Great beer selection. All around great place."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/monks-cafe-philadelphia-4?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]