[[{"review_id": "NGalj4p0-DzZbtCjaBF7kw", "user_id": "VJ5H-Emw4JK2RAP_4YYn5w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/1/2018", "text": "We didn't have a bad dish! Every single dish was better then the next! The duck was superb! The drinks perfect! The service wonderful! The menu selection outstanding! And remember to leave room for dessert!Beautiful restaurant."}, {"review_id": "nBLhK875kZhXT0FNiNImdQ", "user_id": "Ip-lLJCyFgGbI_n_Qus6tw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "By far one of the best experience with sushi. I would highly suggest if you are going to try sushi for this first time to go to this location. We had one such person in our group of 5 and it turned them on to the idea of sushi in the future.The atmosphere also puts you in the mood for a great meal. I would go in to detail of everything we had but to be honest we had such a large variety I wouldn't know where to start.Highly recommended for everyone from first timer to long time sushi lover."}, {"review_id": "IODeIjcJrcXRQW0Zc5IY_w", "user_id": "NDFNgNfFIYth4hvG5KYybQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "Wow this place has been on my list of restaurants to come to and I finally had dinner here with some coworkers and our client. The physical restaurant itself and its ambience is great. I love the decor and furniture of the whole place; it's swanky but elegant at the same time. We ended up ordering a decent amount from the menu since there were so many of us and everything was so tasty.Appetizers: The rock shrimp tempura was a pleasant surprise. I'm usually not the biggest fan of tempura but the texture of this was perfectly crisp and the sauce is uh-mazing. A little sweet with just the right amount of spice. The wagyu dumplings are so delicious I wish I didn't eat it all in one bite. The dumpling dough is thin and the wagyu filling is so rich and creamy.Sushi: We ordered the chef's seasonal selection and while I didn't get to taste all of them, the ones I did eat were great. I also ordered the chutoro and otoro and they melted in my mouth. So fresh and no fishy aftertaste. Entrees: I got the duck duck duck and it's actually a hefty amount of food! It's their version of Peking duck that comes with duck confit fried rice and a fried duck egg. The duck is so crisp and I really liked how there wasn't as much fat as other Peking duck dishes I've had before. Dessert: Out of all the desserts we ordered, the matcha matcha matcha, shiso scented cheesecake, and the sorbet trio were my fav. The matcha had a good balance of chocolate with it and that stuff was dense but sooo rich. I can't wait to eat my leftovers tomorrow. :)"}, {"review_id": "vpoRj4Jtmsxnzz45J8talg", "user_id": "3cUs9CRvWwUWoDG6V0KMPA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/1/2018", "text": "Just wow!!!  We had the foie gras and eel appetizer which was a fantastic mixture with the sweet pear puree (though it was a bit small). We split the Duck Duck Duck which was fantastic.  It came with fried rice and an overeasy duck egg which you should mix together. And we did the $65 chefs selection of sushi, sashimie and roll. For dessert we the yuzu and currant castella cake whose presentation was beautiful.With 4 cocktails to boot, we spent a pretty penny. But well worth the splurge.The atmosphere is upscale and super trendy (not the usual decor for a Japanese sushi restaurant). Note - do NOT put your hands in the restroom dryer holes to dry your hands. None of them work lol. The restaurant won't put a 'broken' sign even though we asked and we were told they have been broken for a long long time. Haha so just warning you so you don't look like an idiot sticking your hands in and out for no reason."}, {"review_id": "j2EWzBOWi8fs_DACVcwl4w", "user_id": "Oy_9LMskBzsrblFJ3n4YSg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/28/2018", "text": "We went for an anniversary dinner, and it was as good as people said-- if not better. The service was beyond exceptional. It was our first time, and I don't eat seafood while the boyfriend does, so we weren't sure if we could only do one omakase. Our server, Makoto, was incredibly helpful letting us know that the omakase could be done however we liked -- only one could get it for himself or we could get it \"for the table\" and order other dishes.  Makoto was incredibly nice and genuine. 5 stars simply for the service! My boyfriend ended up getting the seasonal omakase while I ordered the Duck Duck Duck and wagyu dumplings. Though he has an 8 course meal, they brought over the food with good timing so it never felt like there was a long period where I didn't have food while he was eating. For his seasonal omakase, he had a toro tartare, tofu with sea urchin, a sashimi platter, octopus, a fish dish in broth, wagyu beef, a sushi platter, and his dessert. Each dish was presented as it was delivered- something very much appreciated. Overall, he was very impressed with the dishes saying they were unique and definitely held to a higher standard. His favorite was definitely the octopus with his second favorite being the tofu! It was both an interesting and tasty experience! They were also kind enough to include two palate cleansers (which was some sort of cold fruit jelly-tasty on its own!) for the both of us though it was mainly him eating the omakase! For me, the wagyu dumplings were possibly the most delicious thing I have eaten. To be honest, I wasn't expecting too much, but the second I bit into them-- I was so wrong. They are so packed with flavor, and the beef starts off in your mouth as beef and somehow melts on your tongue! The broth it was in was also absolutely delicious as well as the pairings with the radish. The Duck Duck Duck was equally as amazing. Makoto said it was one of his favorites, and I can see why! The duck itself was so well flavored, and the skin was incredibly crispy. One of my favorite parts was the flavor of the lotus root pieces that came with it! The rice on the side was also incredible and very very filling. For desert, his seasonal omakase came with a delicious cake like desert that tasted like gingerbread. It was paired with Asian pear and had a custard-y filling inside. I ordered a Matcha Matcha Matcha (to go with the Duck Duck Duck of course) as well, and I love the taste of matcha. It was paired with a matcha ice cream which really was the icing on top of a wonderful dinner."}, {"review_id": "i-CL4LgDuAsZl1etbbv0tw", "user_id": "4PQDWy8hB0of5cAYIyr6IA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/5/2018", "text": "I did the $150 seasonal omakase. It was pretty good! Lots of variety, and everything was pretty good. Favorites were the creme brûlée, wagyu beef, and octopus. I left pretty full.I was, however, a bit disappointed with the sushi and sashimi courses. The fish was pretty good quality, but not as good as I would expect from such a high end restaurant. I probably also should have requested no wasabi for the nigiri, as it was a bit overpowering. Overall, the sushi just felt like, loveless. You know how at a great sushi place, every piece feels like it was constructed tenderly and with care? The sushi needed more love. If I went again, I'd probably order a la carte, since the non sushi items were pretty well adjusted.Overall still a positive experience. Restaurant is aesthetic af. Unfortunately, dim lighting makes bad pictures."}, {"review_id": "ENVpHmQz6xx5MEdQA9sqJA", "user_id": "rD7escPYu2akGUYyAL_xtw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "Morimoto never disappoints. Great space, amazing food and usually impeccable service."}, {"review_id": "Wy5BHKP6AXJBgs2P4J9C3w", "user_id": "9LxG8I3g7FtxZgt259ZvMQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "We came here for my birthday dinner after wanting to eat here for years. It was one of the best experiences ever. Every person who touched my table was knowledgeable, professional, and friendly. We opted to do the classic and the seasonal chef tasting. Both were amazing. We left feeling full, but not heavy. I can't wait to go back again!"}, {"review_id": "D9ivZuwIdSX5ciBRgwiv2w", "user_id": "xMVIASWm4arh10RdV86K6Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/17/2018", "text": "Best sushi I've had in a very long time!!! The waitstaff is very nice and attentive. They also confirmed that i can eat  with my hands The ambiance is great and not stuffy. It's laidback with low lighting to set the mood.Although pricy, it's well worth it for the quality of the meal and the flaming dessert at the end.Oh, and the Wasabi Fried Rice is soooooo good"}, {"review_id": "BBZUQjE--7f4KcBPEnbGnA", "user_id": "C2nzoqU60AcRPHpCBsEScQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/26/2018", "text": "This is a restaurant that's been on my list to check out ever since I started watching Morimoto on Iron Chef.   My wife and I splurged and got the omakase meal.  It's a nine course meal and showcases the best entrees from Morimoto.  I was definitely stuffed by the end of the meal.  The highlights from the meal were:- the tartar: was slightly crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside.  Wasn't expecting the crispiness, but it was great. - the second course: it had fish with this hot  sesame oil.  Great flavor- the intermezzo: nice halfway point throughout the meal.  Really liked the frozen lime zest. - duck - mmm. I love duck and i are both mine and my wife's portion.  Some pieces were a bit dry though.  - skate wing - this was delicious too!Overall, treat yo'self and get the omakase!"}, {"review_id": "YWPS3lT-nkOT23GCiWOOjA", "user_id": "gX5EtJ0AoD3UNxNUgSgPqg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/16/2018", "text": "When first looking for the restaurant, just be aware that there is no large sign to direct your attention. Enter the neon green doors that might have the restaurant name in small font.Decor: there is a bit of an underwater type atmosphere with a very modern approachFood: We went with the lunch special omakase as we've never had an omakase before. The waitress gave us a brief outline of each dish and the chef's recommendations on how to enjoy it. Every dish was like an adventure for the palate. In fact, the dish that we agreed on being disappointing was the sushi Appetizer. This is not to say that the sushi Appetizer wasn't good.. All of the other dishes were just that amazing. The dessert was also exceptional. I think these dishes may be the best Japanese dishes that I've ever had. Service: very respectful and patient wait staff made the experience amazing at every step of the way.Thank you for the great experience! You've set the bar pretty high for subsequent omakase ventures."}, {"review_id": "229dPUkoMD1jOzMhvqFe3A", "user_id": "FXW16a1QddonpF-h3NtxPg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/28/2017", "text": "After 9 months of carrying our twins, and embracing the cabin fever of being home from work, my wife was ready to leave the house and feast on some raw and shell fish that was on her prohibited list during her pregnancy. To celebrate our anniversary I couldn't think of anything better than Morimoto. With so many appetizing options on the menu there was no way I could make a decision so I decided to put my faith, and my pallet in my wife's hands; neither she or Morimoto disappointed Our celebratory cocktails was a great way to kickoff  the evening. The crafted cocktails provided an awakening to our pallets  preparing us for the robust was to come for the remainder of the dining experience. We started with an 1/2 dozen of Kumamoto oysters which are our favorite, toro tar-tare, and Whitefish carpaccio prepared with red snapper. Everything was fantastic!!"}, {"review_id": "AP5akw8fjEduZ04H45c5Bw", "user_id": "bUN-sLR8fN7jKuhXoa0mvw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/10/2018", "text": "Omakase...oh my god I must say...you have to get it. We knew coming in here what we wanted to order and to get the best bang for your buck and to get a taste of everything the place has to offer, I'd get the omakase. Tuna Tatare - topped with caviar I believe, this is seasoned to perfection with a creamy and slightly salty taste. The sauce is very close to a tangy, sweet, soy sauce flavor. This is one of my favorites of the night, but then again tuna is my bias. Wagyu beef with black truffles - the truffles add that slight edge to the meat. Slightly charred and 2 slices to enjoy but not get overwhelmed by the meat sweats. I think by this time you're getting bored of the descriptions, so I'll cut it short and say please give it a try. We got to try fish, tuna, steak, sushi, octopus, chocolate cake all at one time and it felt like we got to taste a bit of everything. Pair your dinner off with a glass of sake and beer and this makes for an amazing date night surrounded by the very modern design."}, {"review_id": "WX_ihCNXLWismieJEhU6_Q", "user_id": "zgI20CdILsae3pXPLAxLXg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/4/2018", "text": "Can't wait to go back to this place! We had reservations but got there super early so they let us go upstairs to the lounge and bar area for appetizers and drinks.  Awesome atmosphere and service. The roasted Duck was the best I've had so far. Sea Bass was good also. Had the Shrimp Tempura as the appetizer, very good. Everyone enjoyed their food. This place definitely puts you in a good mood. Only problem that I had was they don't pour enough wine especially for that price so I ordered Hazelnut Brown Nectar beer that went perfect with my meal, tasted good. Expensive but worth the experience with someone or people that you care about."}, {"review_id": "qset2lweehbW1a00fbaEvw", "user_id": "vutxpF8i9cRJHc6ahOdJ5g", "rating": 1.0, "date": "2/26/2018", "text": "Went to Morimoto with my team to celebrate valentines day (nothing more romantic than spending valentines day with your team in a different city). I made reservations for 6 people as that was all they had available, and got the standard calls to confirm my reservation.We got to Morimoto about 5 min late for our reservation (our party was trickling in one at a time). The place has convenient valet parking, and a very modern architecture. The main dining room is on the first floor, with a pretty cool bar area on the 2nd floor and private dining / bathrooms in the basement.We sat at the bar waiting for our table to become open as well as to get some drinks. The waiter up there was very friendly and kept checking on our table, but he wasn't having much luck. The excuse the hostess gave us was that we went from 6 people to 7, so it will take longer to get the table ready. I glanced at the main dining area, and I realized that this was a blatant lie - they only have a limited variety of tables, and all the tables that seat 6 people were taken even though our reservation time were a full hour before. To make matters worse, when we were sat down, we were told it will be a crowded table (and they gave us a standard 6 seater table and squeezed 4 people on one side). So we spent an hour and a half at the bar upstairs drinking and waiting for a table to open - we were pretty much the last people to leave the restaurant that night.If the food was amazing, it might have made up for the service, but the food was only mediocre (the waitstaff were definitely friendly and helpful). Edamame - Good, but hard to screw upRock shrimp tempura - almost like popcorn shrimp but tempura style. Not badSeasonal mushrooms - Decent, but nothing to write home aboutPork Kakuni - Delicious, best appetizer by farYosedofu - bland, and the sauces didn't do much for me eitherRamen - delicious, a little salty but holds its own to most ramen shopsI got the wagyu ishi yaki bop. The flavor was great, but the meat was really chewy. I expected much better for a $40 meat and rice dishWill say the Sake we got was great. Very nice sake menu"}, {"review_id": "UCAGg4adLybOnA46y9tCWA", "user_id": "KmE9xcvdV7z1pc2tZz5Ypg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/9/2018", "text": "The ambiance is great and not stuffy. It's laidback with low lighting to set the mood.Although pricy, it's well worth it for the quality of the meal and the flaming dessert at the end.Overall still a positive experience."}, {"review_id": "sLaVnSFaQzf76wE7DKwrCQ", "user_id": "c2cd2fJWzvNFxcjQPDvKmw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/29/2017", "text": "My boyfriend and I came to celebrate our 2-year anniversary a while ago. Honestly, I don't have much to add that hasn't already been said about Morimoto. I'm generally wary about super fancy and expensive restaurants because my biggest fear is tiny, overpriced, mediocre-quality dishes (i.e. THE FEAR OF LEAVING HUNGRY, cue Halloween scream). But rest assured, that won't happen at Morimoto.Note: The cuisine is definitely Japanese FUSION, and they don't market themselves otherwise - don't come here expecting 100% authentic Japanese food. I've been rolling my eyes at a few reviews complaining about authenticity. For the rest of us who love fusion foods, this place is a dream. The Grilled Foie Gras & Eel appetizer and the Duck Duck Duck are excellent mixes of Asian and French flavors. The Duck Duck Duck is very rich and filling; I still dream about the warm, savory duck comfit. I usually don't eat duck meat because it can be fatty, but the chefs are skilled in rendering out the fat so the meat is lean, tender, but still indulgent. The Uni Crispy Rice is the perfect foray into uni, for those of us who haven't been brave enough to try uni before, highly recommend! My boyfriend loved the Crispy Rainbow Trout, keeping with his trend in ordering whole-fish entrees. Don't let the whole fish deter you, it's been completely de-boned! The Chinese spices are present, but mild, so don't be afraid to order this if you usually shy away from spicy dishes.HIGHLIGHT (90% of the reason I returned to write a review): DESSERT. We ordered the Black Forest, and it was incredibly unique - I haven't found a competitor in almost a year. The presentation was gorgeous, see pics since words can't do it justice. The chocolate mousse cake is topped with a hollow chocolate log filled with a rich, tart cherry sauce - when you break open the chocolate log, the cherry sauce drizzles all over the cake! The rich dark chocolate bitterness is well-balanced with the tarte cherry sauce and light vanilla ice cream. This dessert is definitely enough for 2 (and this is coming from the dessert monster), rich enough so you'll feel properly indulged, but not sickeningly sweet so you feel sweeted-out afterwards.The one thing I wish we had passed on was the sake. We ordered an entire sake flask, which is REALLY expensive (think $50 - $200), and I kind of felt like the waiter pressured us into ordering it. He kept saying how unique and high-quality the sake is, since the brand was created by the Iron Chef himself. The sake list describes many beautiful floral flavors, but I definitely felt like a huge sucker when I actually tasted it. I forgot exactly which sake we ordered, but I couldn't taste the subtle flavors apart from a generic floral aroma, since the alcohol flavor overtook it all. I'm no connoisseur, but I personally enjoyed the $10 sake I got from the liquor store more. Might be worth it for sake snobs, but I'd recommend passing for everyone else.Overall, excellent experience. I've definitely recommended this place to friends. I'd be interested in returning to try out the lunch special at some point, as a more affordable way to enjoy the delightful food here."}, {"review_id": "Rselxcqb06cyXbMSdTpIkw", "user_id": "QKlRvN4cJszeKI06usG6dA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/20/2018", "text": "Ok, no joke this is the iron chef restaurant . One of the best Japanese places I ever had in my entire life down to the fire ball flaming chocolate dessert. Everything we ordered on the menu was amazing, favorite was the sea bass cooked in butter and veggies. The wagyu steak was like water in my mouth, it literally melted.  The raw fish hot iron pot mixed with fried rice was outstanding. One of those places you expect to break the bank but the food was truly outstanding and service was impeccable, well deserved 5 stars."}, {"review_id": "DN8w_73oo_FOsB5wtDEJaQ", "user_id": "Cv6HFHSoPz8A91PLEDY-sw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/30/2018", "text": "This is one of my favorite sushi restaurants I have been too. My whole table did the omakase and I specifically did the seasonal option. Each dish was fantastic and I especially loved the toro tartare, uni tofu, wagyu beef, and banana pana cotta. It was eight courses so it took about 3 hours. Definitely a little too long for me, but food tasted great. Perfect for special occasion."}, {"review_id": "BXLfiB7n8QRAWpJj9SXoew", "user_id": "PDsv1jjpNUv8jFl0e_bCxg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/23/2018", "text": "I walk by this restaurant every day and always peer in hoping one day I'll be able to experience it. My prayers were finally answered and it was worth the wait! The two of us were seated by the sushi bar right in front of the sushi chefs. We both got the omakase menu. This chef's tasting is probably one of the best meals I've had in Philly, maybe even in my life! All 8 courses were delicious and so well thought out and put together. The scallops were the standout dish for me, but all of the courses were so good! We were worried it wouldn't be filling enough, but we were stuffed by dessert.The restaurant is quite large and reservations are recommended since it does get quite busy on weekends. Service was just as good as the food, almost to the point where I felt self conscious to try to be a bit classier (I failed since I dropped my napkin 3 times, but the waiter quickly gave me replacement ones).Morimoto is perfect for a fancy dinner and definitely need to try the omakase. I want to come back and try the a la carte items, like the ramen and hot pots. And maybe for another fancy occasion I'll try the seasonal omakase."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/morimoto-philadelphia?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]