[[{"review_id": "xt8KqIWI-MpLU_dbamxc5A", "user_id": "79C0S9EXtTT6Z0RW2q4siQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "First of all, I say that their food is not cheap, and it is located a relatively hidden and small place. But that is as picky as I can be for this place. I went there twice walking couple of miles from U-City just to feast on their fresh tasty seafood, and they never let me down. Order a seafood trio and grab a bowl of clam chowder, you will be the big captain taking a journey into the deep sea. Their lobster, shrimp are soft and tender and boy they just melt in your mouth like champs! Definitely will visit their place again once I want a journey back to the sea and highly recommend sea food lovers to give this place a try."}, {"review_id": "lqppkeBFMJ3vGKwcmhF0uw", "user_id": "0vnF9En8gZfjipND_pzF4w", "rating": 2.0, "date": "5/1/2018", "text": "FYI: The location is relatively hidden and a bit hard to find if you're not actively looking for it. As of this month, it's underneath some scaffolding but they have a big banner up to let people know where they are.WHAT I GOT: Lobster rollPROS: The lobster tasted super fresh and the chunks I got were pretty large. I appreciated the fact that the meat itself was also seasoned and everything cut through the creaminess of the mayo nicely. CONS: I feel kinda scammed...not even gonna lie. The photos on Yelp showed this beautiful, packed roll overflowing with lobster bits and honestly looking back, from the top it sorta does look like that. But from any other angle, you're looking at pretty much a piece of white bread that's been fried in some butter, folded in half, slathered with mayo, and dressed with lobster chunks. Granted yes, it did taste ok. But that was literally it. Just ok. Nothing special, nothing super wow. And for $17, I was fully expecting them to at least use a legit roll instead of that flimsy piece of bread I got. The whole thing was a little bit shorter than the length of my hand (so give or take about 6 inches) so that's pretty much like 3 bites of food. Don't come here expecting to get full. Like c'mon. I know lobster is on the pricier end but I'm not even mad about that. Up your bread game or offer 2 portions for $17. Cause with the way it is right now, my $17 and my hungry self are marching around the corner to Pietro's to get a decent meal."}, {"review_id": "RZ1OXNwGi1i04lZS_eYLaw", "user_id": "3cUs9CRvWwUWoDG6V0KMPA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/31/2018", "text": "Okay had the lobster roll with the side salad. Def worth giving the lobster sandwich a try (keep in mind the lobster meat is served cold and not heated up). Even the side salad was great with mixed greens,  brined artichoke, toasted almonds, and carrots.We did try the bottled blueberry honey lemonade, which we we're not a fan of lol.It has a cool, casual ambience and it is small (shard tables) but still perfect for lunch. Def give it a go."}, {"review_id": "B8F0JBEbuB9taHMxEPhF8w", "user_id": "KLrTBLpN4csEWKdLX2meYQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/6/2018", "text": "A lot of people ask me what determines my ratings on Yelp. Such a simple question, yet so hard to answer.There are the obvious check marks, such as food quality, service, ambiance, and value. But beyond that, it's how everything seemingly comes together. What is the sum of the parts? Long after the meal has been devoured and digested, looking back... what do you remember? Was it memorable? Is this a meal, nay - an experience - you won't soon forget, if ever? Was it worth the hype? Was it worth the money? Did it leave a lasting impression on your soul? Will it leave you with restless, fevered dreams in the coming days, only to wake up in a cold sweat, craving its sweet, scrumptious delights in the middle of the night?When it comes to Luke's, the answer to all of the above is a resounding \"YES!\"One thing I LOVED was the fact that they had a chalkboard up that listed their seafood (lobster, shrimp, crab) and where they got it. Lobster from Maine? Oh, yes! And perhaps the best part? All sustainable!Each roll (read: succulent seafood in a toasted hot dog bun) packs in a ton of flavor. They let the key ingredients be the star of the show. There are no overpowering seasonings or sauces. Only a light drizzle of lemony vinaigrette, which enhances every bite of tender, juicy crustacean goodness.The kind, friendly service is just icing on the cake. It can't be overlooked! I'd come back for the food alone, but every employee was just so accommodating and congenial. When I imagine the perfect spot for lunch, I imagine a place like this."}, {"review_id": "CQu2R7wVxMhsYZqVg8N1Pw", "user_id": "6977VSn6-T4nOF1R3aHrGw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/11/2018", "text": "I was near Philly and decided to look up some of the best spots for some grub in the area. I came across Luke's Lobster and after reading some of the reviews and looking at some of the pictures, I knew I had to stop in here and give this place a try. I mean, who doesn't love lobster, right?! This place is very casual and is an awesome spot for a quick bite or takeout. You go up to the register to place your order. They have a few tables there's and one gender neutral bathroom. You have to know it's there because if not it's pretty easy to miss. Luke's Lobster is the type of food that will have you eating even after your full. We tried the mac and cheese, lobster bisque, and the lobster roll. Each plate was amazing. Every bite of food is just absolutely DELICIOUS and perfectly seasoned. The staff here is super chill. They're all friendly and talkative, they came out to make sure everyone was enjoying their food, and they made sure to say bye before we left. Really exceptional customer service. Everything about my experience here was great. I would absolutely return here and I'm definitely going to be recommending LL's to everyone I know that will be in this area! Thanks, guys!"}, {"review_id": "Sw_WRMTEvgBUVmZvBaTQ3Q", "user_id": "APoAugdz6nscL4HjF4Oryg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/5/2018", "text": "I've had the honor of visiting many Luke's Lobsters, but I believe a few years ago this location was the first I'd visited.  Just last night, I swung by in the brutal cold as I was craving some clam chowder and a lobster roll.  Unlike many other establishments in the area, they were open for business!  They were also running a special for free clam chowder with any lobster roll purchase.  I was sold.The cashier that night was super duper nice to me given all my questions and asks, like putting the butter and mayo on the side (because I'm trying to be a little healthy, ya know? And I'm not a huge fan of mayo) and adding and extra pickle (which by the way their pickles are amazing and this is coming from a pickle lover).  He also went out of his way to tell me how the butter was going to basically go solid again and he put it in a paper cup so I could microwave it when I got back.  How nice!Even after I hit the gym for an hour, the lobster roll was still delicious as ever.  I love that they don't add any extra sauces to the lobster, though I guess it usually comes slathered in butter.  They don't seem to short on the lobster, which by the way was fresh and just the right texture.  The dill pickles here are to die for.  The clam chowder wasn't as thick and creamy as some places, but I actually preferred that... although it did taste slightly different from other clam chowders I've had - couldn't put my finger on what it was.I learned that they'll also be debuting a tasty sounding salad in a couple of weeks, so I'll definitely be back to try those.I'll keep visiting this Luke's during my tenure in Philly!"}, {"review_id": "r0KwFY-xWmWtKRoiafO4uQ", "user_id": "v8svU5JLgN-Ega0nRbRS1A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/11/2018", "text": "Ok, now I've been waiting to get here for a while, so when I was out shopping around Philly with my trusty sidekick (my daughter), and we ran right into Luke's, I knew we were stopping...Now, I'm not gonna make this long because it truly is what it is... Fresh seafood, drizzled with warm butter and a sprinkle of their homemade seasonings on a toasted buttered roll... I don't really think you could mess it up, if you tried... Ok, wait I take that back... but they did a great job.. We tried the sampler with a half of all 3 rolls... All of them were good but surprisingly, the shrimp was my favorite... It just had this really fresh sweet taste to the shrimp, that I just really fell in luv with... I actually liked it so much, I ordered a reg shrimp roll to go and I left with a cute bag and a smile on my face..."}, {"review_id": "V0KPQ_5iv_ne93I2I9BIJQ", "user_id": "Q3zLMeLgmBpbFzp3yOoNcg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/10/2018", "text": "This was my first time having any type of roll like this so I may be completely biased. The meat is served chilled drizzled with hot butter on toasted thick bread. And if that's not enough for you to try then idk what to tell ya!Anyway, I ordered the Luke's trio of crab, shrimp, and lobster and oh em geee it was delicious!!! So delicious that I came back again the next day and ordered a full lobster roll. The service was great, I was unsure about what to order since it was my first time. But next time I'm in Philly, I'm definitely going back to Luke's!!"}, {"review_id": "QjPLHACiCcJ82RgoWov_lQ", "user_id": "kTpsjDUhl9BlRl0FVuNreA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/27/2017", "text": "I wasn't feeling so great and having a lazy day when my boyfriend surprised me with lunch from Luke's Lobster. I had really been wanting to try their food (I know what you're thinking - what took me so long?!) so I was extremely happy to open up the brown bag and find myself some lobster mac and cheese! The mac and cheese was delicious. Warm, oozing with cheese, and I LOVE the crunchy coating! It came with a very sufficient amount of lobster. Definitely appreciated because restaurants sometimes skimp out on the seafood portions. My only complaint is of the portion size of the dish itself. It came in a recyclable container and it wasn't near being full! Was some of the mac and cheese missing?! While they definitely did not skimp out on the lobster, I can't help but think they did on the mac and cheese itself. Bummer because I definitely would have loved those few extra forkfuls.Regardless, I was very happy with my mac and cheese. Hope to update/add on to my review with the service and staff once I make a trip to the establishment myself!"}, {"review_id": "Ou0E9wr7x53NbVccQpwveA", "user_id": "c_Ap6RsFcZpqWN9QM-qIlQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/18/2018", "text": "Good stuff! Heard lots of good things about this place and tried it for the first time today. The lobster rolls are very good. They aren't slathered in mayo like most places, and the chunks of lobster are very generous. They also season them very nicely. The bisque was standard with healthy lobster chunks. The Mac and cheese left something to be desired, but their specialty is lobster - not Mac and cheese. Will definitely return for another lobster roll."}, {"review_id": "Mcz9p5z4N4_ZWHLHhsBsnQ", "user_id": "JMUP-NR2Zlp7Gsz2rzE6pw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/6/2018", "text": "Luke if I had the possibility on yelp, this is the first review where I would be asking for 1/2 star. My real rating for you would be 3.5 stars if I was able to give you that added extra bonus. Overall, I will say for seafood in Philly, by far you are the best lobster roll that I've had in town. Unfortunately for you, I just have very high standards when it comes to lobster rolls, since I've been blessed to travel to New England quite often for work. The roll itself just loses points in my book for the overall cost ($17) and the small portion size in return. I know you have extra costs from business standpoint with sourcing and keeping strong to your Maine roots in such a sustainable way with good causes. Sincere kudos, however, its hard to pay that much money and still feel quite hungry afterwards. For those in town trying to fulfill your lobster needs and don't care about the high price tag for a smaller portion size, then Luke's is the spot to visit."}, {"review_id": "TFYw78Plcx3BMBw6drqSbQ", "user_id": "zBqZR7MM5-5NJUXdpuwUjA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/3/2018", "text": "The lobster roll here is absolutely superb and a MUST have. As expected, the seafood is super fresh and what I loved most about the roll is how perfect the lemon butter tasted with the roll!I had the bisque as well, which was pretty solid but honestly, it was overshadowed by that lobster roll. The ambience is really nice too - think of an actual seafood shack with friendly owners who came by and asked me how my meal was afterwards! I've already planned my next meal here to be the Luke's trio! (half a lobster roll, half shrimp and half crab roll)"}, {"review_id": "XZEfyeWPuT-gaa0z_ADlEg", "user_id": "XYir2_cTI65j6IEbG-I18w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/12/2017", "text": "I would have to say this place is absolutely great! nothing bad! the hubs and i shared the lobster roll ($17) and the crab roll ($15). I am usually skeptical about seafood rolls because they always give you so little but this was great and they load it onto the roll! They also have a trio set that gives you half rolls of the lobster, crab, and shrimp. I don't love cold shrimp so had to stick with the two that I like. We didnt try much of the other items since we were on a food eating tour of philly. But they have lobster bisque, lobster mac and cheese, coleslaw, and many more! 1. Lobster Roll - large chunks of lobster, lightly seasoned so you can taste the natural fresh flavors! the bread is toasted with some of that buttery goodness but not too much where you are left oily and drenched. You can also add salt & pepper or siracha for some extra kick.2. Crab Roll - again LOADED with crab. it's not mixed or drenched down with mayo and celery (which I hate), this is just crab with light seasoning and that fresh sweet seafood flavors.  It was perfect! Just because philly is so cold I wish i did order something warm to offset the sandwiches but it was fine. The meal comes with free pickles if you want. I gave them all to the hubs and he loved the crunch! Would definitely come back and since we went on a monday night around  7pm there's no line! Parking is a bit of a drag with $3/hour but we ate fast and was out of there in 30 min. Walking distance from city hall and love park!"}, {"review_id": "HUozddI8LbpSjSh8N8K8AA", "user_id": "nuo9FUzeKr5XXCtGMlNiog", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "Consistent lobster rolls. A great little spot in Philly for when a Philly cheesesteak isn't tickling the tummy. Go get a roll!"}, {"review_id": "Tg3bR6E-mpmBCu0jqyCgHg", "user_id": "udLiCp4HaUGktLGT9ZlVtg", "rating": 1.0, "date": "4/23/2018", "text": "Are you kidding me this just cost me 22 dollars are you serious the sandwich is about 2.5 bites and the \"salad\" is a joke.... seriously disapponted"}, {"review_id": "bdu1lBWQ5qlE4yAe8SFBGg", "user_id": "EOajY1L3ole3gLTCZ2xw1g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/15/2017", "text": "Buttery texas toast roll. Well seasoned and well executed shrimp. I ordered the shrimp roll. The bread was very good: chewy and buttery with a light crisp on the exterior. The shrimp had a ton of butter sauce. There was a light dusting of aromatics. I found the seasoning a bit heavyhanded.Overall the roll was excellent."}, {"review_id": "wLRXbg2EqrakxTPS1TmMYQ", "user_id": "fCc93_Bt7hcPRo4o1SUuxg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/9/2017", "text": "As with many of my trips for work, I often immediately begin searching for places to eat when I reach my destination. I frequently have limited time to spend so I like to plan ahead a little bit to make sure I don't miss something great. Luke's happened to be dangerously close to my hotel. I'm a huge fan of a decent lobster roll and the reviews led me to believe I wouldn't be disappointed.First things first: I definitely walked right past Luke's when trying to locate it! I was on foot, in pouring rain, and I don't think my GPS was able to properly identify the exact location. Luke's sits below the street, which is actually super cool, but if I was in a vehicle I might've passed it a few more times before figuring out where I was supposed to be.I made it in early, probably about 20 minutes after they opened. Only a couple of other people beat me to it but had already gotten their food and were waiting on an Uber. Makes sense, because street parking is a bitch. Ideally, I would've gotten my lobster roll to-go and taken a stroll to the park ...but the wind and rain nearly blew my umbrella apart on the walk over so I decided to take it back to my hotel to enjoy in peace. I know this is technically \"Maine lobster,\" but I've yet to find a lobster roll as huge as the one I ordered in Portland, Maine. Anytime I grab one at a restaurant anywhere else in the States, they are about the size of an iPhone. Two would be ideal and completely filling, but spending $40 on a quick lunch is just silly. I knew this going into my experience so I wasn't terribly disappointed when I was finally able to break into my to-go bag for the big reveal. That being said, the quality, preparation, and sheer amount of lobster meat is what sets one lobster roll apart from another. I recently had a lobster roll at the Chelsea Market in NYC; it was puny, but the lobster was delectable and perfectly dressed. Worth every cent. Luke's similarly does not skimp on lobster meat. It was plump, tender, and that perfect melt-in-your-mouth consistency that follows the first snappy bite. The \"bun\" is a toasted slice of bread. It wasn't terribly crispy or warm, definitely buttered. The lobster was very, very lightly dressed. They were a little heavy-handed with an indiscernible seasoning. It wasn't overwhelming but seemed almost accidental given the amount visible to the naked eye. Since I'm a sucker for a good lobster roll, I managed to eat this one in about 2 minutes. I weigh all of about 100lbs; an average size person might leave hungry. I felt pretty satisfied. I kept debating whether or not to stick with the lobster roll or opt for the trio to sample half of each (lobster, crab, and shrimp rolls), but lobster is what I like best so that's what I went with. Next time, trio for sure!"}, {"review_id": "lTUbxNXm0wOR8TqM58HLzw", "user_id": "j6Dk4auogPz9obXWNWkdWA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/3/2018", "text": "If you want to splurge a little on your food and wanted to get some lobster rolls, this is the place! In lobsters, of course I look out for the lobster but oh boy was the BREAD also good!! Just a warning the lobster is not warm so don't expect it to be piping hot or anything. Rather it's just cold. But lobster rolls are a must here :)"}, {"review_id": "3gnFs8VGOAWSGZ0pCUfSuw", "user_id": "bUN-sLR8fN7jKuhXoa0mvw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "10/3/2017", "text": "The lobster roll is a must try if you haven't had one before. It's pricey and not affordable if you frequent the place, but def a good snack. I had 2 rolls, the lobster and crab meat, which were awesome, flavoring was just right. The clam chowder is made to perfection and I could eat a gallon of it. Not too creamy where it tastes practically like milk but thick enough where you get that rich texture. Parking is hard cause it's in the heart of the city so prepare to put away some type to look."}, {"review_id": "2mcHmEvP5PCiksFLDtjH7g", "user_id": "Jn_a-s3xQQ6XDCqUFDBtpA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "1/18/2018", "text": "Not as good as it used to be. And the people that work there have attitudes sometimes. I got the lobster grilled cheese. It tasted like nothing, extremely bland. I also got the clam chowder, it was a little watery. I'll be back to give it one more try and stick to the rolls."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/lukes-lobster-rittenhouse-philadelphia?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]