[[{"review_id": "uk7jjccwZaPe4I1j7fRsFw", "user_id": "ctq5ep2NMKKHu52xG-JA1Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "What a great find! New to the city and stumbled upon this place as we were running errands and decided to stop in based on how cute the outside was. WOW what's find! Such a cutely decorated place with a super chill energy and atmosphere. The service was impeccable, so friendly and attentive. Now the food was STELLAR! Everything we order was plated beautifully and tasted absolutely delicious. Definitely going to become a rebuke place we visit - good spot for a margarita and some dank guacamole! Overall this place is a must for ANYONE!"}, {"review_id": "5A-ESp4bBoFucfyYJdX2og", "user_id": "pa76MXDo5IH9udKneAuMzA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "Giving this place two thumbs/hands/legs/arms up for this place! We walked here from our hotel next to the convention center and waited around 30 minutes for a table (I recommend getting reservations ahead of time). I ordered the steak tacos and they were quite literally the BEST steak tacos I have ever had IN MY LIIIIIFE. They were marinated and drenched in this sauce I have never experienced in my life, but was life changing to say the least. They were a bit small so I recommend getting an appetizer like I did.As an appetizer I decided to get and split the guacamole which I literally licked the bowl clean it was that good. Came with a side of salsa which was also fab and spicy. Note: if you service Mexican food YOU NEED TO HAVE SPICY SALSA, so thank you El Vez for providing us all with your service and grace of the best Mexican food to date."}, {"review_id": "-sAFHjx6AotIynWR7KJJbg", "user_id": "Azs0jdmu6mrwKpbJS5--eA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "Great Mexican food!... love the enchiladas, the guacamole and tacos.They also have good drinks margaritas, micheladas and agua de Jamaica it's what I order last time I was there.Love to seat on their booth section very fun atmosphere."}, {"review_id": "m1ULYwDV7YOQrACc9zk1aQ", "user_id": "jOZv94actrcZwlJdIgyjeg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "I don't think you can ever go wrong with a Steven Starr restaurant to begin with but this spot is my fave. The fun decor and atmosphere makes it a fun place to eat. There is a motorcycle in the middle of the bar that spins around, they keep their water pitchers on top of a bicycle with a table atop of it. It all makes for an awesome look. This weekend I had their nachos for the first time and I don't know how I never ordered them before. We ordered the \"nacho mamma\" which is nachos without meat. They perfectly align all of the chips on the plate so that each chip has a topping on it and there aren't a bunch of chips underneath that have nothing on them to eat. Their shrimp enchiladas were also delicious and came with a side of rice and beans. They are perfectly filling. I am a fan of their mahi mahi tacos but I would not order them unless you have an appetizer or are ordering a side with them because they are two relatively small and thin tacos which include a piece of fish and the fillings. Be prepared that with drinks, a bill can add up quickly but their pricing for the quality of food that you are receiving is entirely worth it. My husband loves their margaritas."}, {"review_id": "MgsDhibm8zLSBDaMK1mqqg", "user_id": "wojMqIU5hJAv71o9h2mCig", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/1/2018", "text": "Just delicious. The house margarita (without nectar to minimize sugar) was potent, refreshing and hit the spot after a stressful day. My friend and I shared the guacamole with goat cheese. Their guacamole is the best in town, whichever varietal you choose. It was so creamy, spicy and pares perfectly with their homemade chips. We were surprised with the Brussels sprouts, charred and served with a sweet and spicy sauce; and the kale Cesar salad. By the time my Mahi mahi tacos arrived I was full. But, I managed to eat the fresh, flavorful fish and a few bites of taco deliciousness. Definitely recommend."}, {"review_id": "mm9aHhojIP5QRkqtDIOzpw", "user_id": "-s48ZKSA31DFNcgJLChhQQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/4/2018", "text": "I've had amazing Mexican, so I couldn't help but be intrigued and was wondering how good this Mexican place could possibly be.Weekday lunch here was pretty quiet, no reservation made.  I tried:*Crab & Cactus Salsa - Grilled Cactus with equal parts tomato and crab (not the shredded you can't even see it part, but big chunks).  The whole thing came with 2 salsas and chips enough for a party of 4.*(Lunch Special - $16.99) Poquito Dinner (2 dishes and a soda) - Mexican Chopped Salad & Vaca Frita Burrito.  I liked the Mexican Chopped Salad w/ Lemon Avocado Dressing, it was fresh and all the ingredients went well together (a tad skimp on the watercress), but in all honesty, tasted like a more upscale version of California Pizza Kitchen's BBQ Chicken Chopped Salad.  The burrito was very nice.  Beef was soft, pulled, marinated & tender, and it went well with the rice, beans, avocado and tomato they put in there.  The side of beans they served with cheese and crispy tortilla chips on top was perfect: seasoned beans and smooth.Portions here are super hearty.  I would've loved to try one of their many guac's but I honestly could not handle anymore food.*Minus 1 Star for the (pretty terrible) service.  I sat at the bar and the (blonde) bartender had about 5 guests total.  She was pretty rude and acted like I was doing a complete dis-service to her when I asked if I could have a soda and only stopped to flirt with the older guys sitting at the bar and/or the male waiters that came by the pick up drinks."}, {"review_id": "mXPw9oG1O_K0j92UlRpNNA", "user_id": "aNu11OSW0g_hVHrcLiJwmA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/14/2018", "text": "I love love love this place. I've been here multiple times but only got to reviewing it now. My last visit was a solo lunch on my Monday off. Who doesn't like margaritas on Monday afternoon! I was promptly seated at the bar. The place was quite empty given it was Monday afternoon. The bartender got me some good margaritas and I ordered mahi mahi tacos for lunch. I was honestly kind of disappointed by the tacos this time. I got 2 tacos without any sides or salsa or sauces. They did bring me whatever I wanted but i was disappointed that they weren't very proactive. The bartender was nice enough to get me a small side of chips and guacamole. Service and margaritas were amazing. Guacamole was good as always but tacos were disappointing."}, {"review_id": "IN3yW_bK4D4NqY5nEfG-nw", "user_id": "bxm90XH7RT4QhSZeiM1kaw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/26/2018", "text": "AMAZING. El Vez is everything you've ever dreamed of if you dream of guac and margs. Seriously some of the best margaritas I've ever had. The pineapple marg with the cinnamon sugar rim was a game changer, so well balanced, I could drink several pitchers(not really I'd die, but they were GOOD). For apps we had the guac, which you must get. They have a variety of guac flavors, we went with our servers recommendation, the Bazooka Limon. It was incredible with pistachios, big pieces of goat cheese, roasted tomato and garlic chips. The only thing that could've made this better is if it was all mixed together instead of guac with ingredients on top, but still delicious! We also tried the corn and poblano empanadas. Loved the combination of flavors inside, but I especially loved the peanut salsa verde dipping sauce, so earthy and herbaceous, very different!For my entree I got the chicken tacos with a side of Brussels. The tacos weren't as good as I remember them from years passed. Don't get me wrong, they were good. But I remember them being really exceptional, this time they were the most forgettable thing I had. I did take a bit of my boyfriends short rib enchilada with chocolate mole, YUM! The mole was rich with such a depth of flavor. My Brussels sprouts were also perfect, well cooked with an amazing avocado mayo and tossed in a tangy tamari lime dressing with pickled fresnos. So bright, perfect accompaniment to any dish!Overall, this place is excellent. In summary, guac and margs or you're wrong."}, {"review_id": "jdHsnm0tpKCvSKlVrFyOCQ", "user_id": "6rLcSCokJDCpwSjdiZty3g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/16/2018", "text": "I just LOVE it here. I've been on many occasions and have always had a great meal. First off, their Frozen Blood Orange Margaritas are fantastic. I don't even like frozen drinks and I get this every. single. time.Next, every single flavor of guacamole that they offer is amazing but my two favorites are the Cesar Chavez and De La Hoya....great combos! If you want a larger appetizer, I highly recommend the Nacho Mamma nachos. The chips are layed out flat so that each and every chip is covered equally with amazing toppings! Genius! My favorite main course is the Colache Tacos. Don't let the meatless taco turn you away...they are amazing and full of so much flavor. I crave these!! For the grande finale, their Cafe Tijuana martini is the best night cap. I always end my meal here with it and it is the perfect combo of tequila, Baileys, and Kahlua. Perfect meal!"}, {"review_id": "iiXlNGlewj2cQuiRSJphxg", "user_id": "c6eUCvE_QRVvdqu66l2_Qg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/7/2018", "text": "I came here with a large group of friends and had a great time. I came on a Friday for lunch and made a reservation few days before since it was a large group. We had some stragglers that were late for lunch, but the staff accommodated us well even though we ordered a little late and had few people order food midway through our meal. I would highly recommend the nacho appetizers to share. They were delicious. The tacos were great too. Everybody enjoyed their food overall.The restaurant is lively and a bit loud, but a great spot to gather in downtown."}, {"review_id": "57xQc_Mh5iOyxylPcYJgvg", "user_id": "FpWy1LI3V4AVCan__zxTgw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/23/2018", "text": "Drinks are great and food is phenomenal! I came here on a Saturday for a birthday dinner, with reservations. I would recommend making reservations because this place seems to get packed pretty quick. Our waitress was very friendly and attentive.  We had some food remnants on our plates, and she quickly switched those for us. She even brought out churros at the end which were complimentary. We all loved what we ordered. I'm pretty picky when it comes to enchiladas and I feel this place has the best black beans enchiladas I've had."}, {"review_id": "KysYBnYzxTWnlwHheaBgGQ", "user_id": "MuwPq-Y1sK_zpbrxY7Yq1w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/6/2018", "text": "Omg!!! This is now my absolute favorite Mexican spot in Philly! It's so good I had to visit twice in two weeks. Both visits the service was great and the food was amazing. I started with the classic margarita and guacamole, it totally hit the spot! Like you should go for this and be 100% satisfied. I also had the steak tacos and the meat was seasoned so well! I will totally be going back because it so much in the menu I would love to try! I though the photobooth was a nice surprise ... it's super  cute to grab some fun pics to create the experience. You can't leave without taking a couple, right?!? The only thing I didn't 100% love .... I visited on my bday and informed the waiter and the host it was my bday... was just surprised they don't do any type of surprise and delight for my special day."}, {"review_id": "jWdbNVqPBX4K4DqoH6m3Kw", "user_id": "cNN_L16ynTPvqaHo7Er1aw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "Came here for lunch and around happy hour. When I came for lunch I got the closed quesadillas and the chips. Both were very good. When I came back around happy hour, I asked the server if they did happy hour and she was a little rude and said \"this is a high establishment we don't participate in happy hours around here.\" Actually pretty comical because I have been to nearly all the restaurants on that strip and almost all them participate in a happy hour. Overall the food was pretty good. One thing I will say is the salsa was absolutely horrible. One person eating with us said it is the worst they have ever had! I'd say that's the only thing they need to improve on. Also not a fan of Mexican restaurants that don't include chips and salsa when you order a meal. Overall other than the salsa the food was pretty good. Id recommend"}, {"review_id": "du7x_HCuy7u8llwiWSB8rQ", "user_id": "h6KGBTppenV5Mwgc5AUhdg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/27/2018", "text": "El Vez features creative cocktails and an even more creative menu. The pickled red cabbage is quite tasty. At first, I thought it was only on my nachos as a garnish to provide color to the dish, but it actually made an important contribution. Also, it wasn't overly pickled; it still had a nice crisp feeling to it. I highly recommend the chorizo nachos (macho nachos) and the black bean enchiladas. The caramelized onions are incredible. They have a good vegetarian selection, with several strictly vegetarian dishes, but if you aren't in the mood for any of those, you can always sub the meat for their portobello (I would suggest the caramelized onions in addition to the shrooms).  I've had better guacamole, but it was still very good. I very much enjoyed the atmosphere of the restaurant. It's very laid-back, but doesn't approach the overly casual range. The staff was fun. Our server seemed a bit rushed, but it was a Saturday night and they had a packed house."}, {"review_id": "DmSMHeIDn8tfl_Vu55r7oQ", "user_id": "kTpsjDUhl9BlRl0FVuNreA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "12/26/2017", "text": "I popped in here for a late night bite last week, and after having been here a few times now, it's about darn time I write a review. I think what kept me from writing one was about what to rate it. Three or four stars? After my most recent visit though, I decided on three and half, but rounded down to three. El Vez is such a cool and hip spot, which is why I think I keep going back. It is vibrant and bumping, making it a good place to stop in to for some Mexican fare and drinks - no matter the occasion, no matter the company. If you don't have a reservation, you can expect a wait. The drinks are pretty solid. It is not very often that I'm feeling a marg, but on the rare occasions that I am, El Vez does it well. Times when I haven't wanted a marg, I've gotten the sangria which is more my kind of thing. Fruity and refreshing, but you can definitely taste the booze. At just $9 a pop, it is a total win!Now on to the food - I love their guac. My favorite is definitely the \"bazooka\" limon which comes with goat cheese, chile flakes, and pistachios. It is very flavorful and quite unique. I tried the \"Indian red\" Lopez that comes with crab on my last visit. It was stuffed with a ton of crab meat which was a true delight! Unfortunately, it lacked in flavor otherwise. Definitely a disappointing $18 spent. The tacos are kind of underwhelming. I most recently got the crispy mahi mahi tacos which also lacked in flavor. I was really excited about the chipotle remoulade, but I did not taste it at all. The tacos came two to an order, but were rather small in size.All in all, I still stand by the fact that El Vez makes for a good choice in restaurants if you're looking for something lively and fun. I'll probably be returning, but more likely for some drinks and snacks (aka guac) than for a full meal."}, {"review_id": "6N3sLSU51Y0mJS55P-RX9Q", "user_id": "o7F-9ltiUqsAeXq3Crd-UQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/17/2018", "text": "First time eating at this restaurant and loved it!!! Place is phenomenal!!! The food was delicious and services was fantastic. Our waiter was very fast and attentive & our food and drinks came out super fast for how busy it was. The guacamole and margarita drinks are so good. You must try the guacamole if you go. They have a great selection of all different types and variety of margaritas. The atmosphere was a lot of fun. I had such a great time and can't wait to go again!"}, {"review_id": "f5Fah2m-L3qmDzYNejdLZA", "user_id": "TBtZ0m-FG22_tjaZRVOauQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/18/2018", "text": "I've been to this place several times and it has never disappointed me. Since the restaurant is always packed, I'd definitely recommend calling in advance to reserve a table. They have an excellent drinks menu. The margaritas here are sensational. You won't find too many Mexican restaurants with a handful of guacamole options. The DE LA HOYA is my pick of the bunch. The adobo chicken fajita meal for two is a visual delight and is sure to tantalize your taste buds. Great vibe, great food. This is one of the best restaurants in Philadelphia. You will not be disappointed!"}, {"review_id": "xSOFO2JWAdSWs-TdahMeyQ", "user_id": "OMQ7-bYq27uuxfLGZdlCxA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/6/2018", "text": "5 stars for a fun, loud, nacho and margarita night out! 4 for food...We used to live in Philly and stumbled upon El Vez without knowing its hype. This place gets PACKED on the weekends, so have a reservation. It's a popular restaurant in the city among both locals and visitors. Really funky decor inside, but new, clean and entertaining. BLUF (bottom line up front), the 3 best things about this place: 1.) Margaritas are strong and delicious... the primary reason I continue to return 2.) the Macho Nachos are to die for!! Please, if you order anything -- ORDER THESE! 3.) they have a photo booth!! We have made it a tradition that we at least stop in for a few drinks and an old school photo booth op on birthdays/nights out! It's fun and very lively for a restaurant! If you're looking for a quiet romantic night out, find another place. Great for a night out with friends to have some drinks, nachos and be loud!"}, {"review_id": "Z-zW3YsnpaX2bPHnErK9nA", "user_id": "cunpzBkEboEewYlFofWhTQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/24/2018", "text": "El Vez will always be one of my favorite spots. I came here for their mid-day menu from 3-5. They don't take reservations during this time and the place was actuallypretty empty, so if you're looking to avoid the wait this is probably a good time! El Vez is also a great place for larger groups (6-8) because of their awesome circular seating! We started off with a round of drinks. I had the \"pink Cadillac margarita.\" It was awesome, not too sweet, and a good size! I then shared an order of nachos and an order of gauc with 6 friends. This was plenty for us. The only way to get guac here is by ordering it as a separate item ($14), but one order for the table was enough to be used as a dip for our chips and to add to our individual orders.I then got the Mahi-Mahi tacos. Wow. These are the absolute best. The Mahi-mahi is crispy on the outside and flavorful on the inside. There is also an incredible chipotle sauce served with it. Although the mahi-mahi tacos only come with 2 (other tacos here come win 3) it is very filling and the tacos are larger sized. You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu here. I will probably be coming back soon for the full dinner menu!"}, {"review_id": "B0SBLa3H7aBGZQmZ0mnofw", "user_id": "pu2UlNlMpirGHXT6dlpiJA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "I know this place is a must-go to in Philly but I think it's a bit overrated in terms of food. The atmosphere is cool, the drinks are really good, the guacamole is great but I don't think the food is anything special. I also think it is a little overpriced for what you get."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/el-vez-philadelphia?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]