[[{"review_id": "2oKfHNnb8OVT8CsJthBf8A", "user_id": "9ryo2jIRmv3stmF1hPCasw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "We hit Tommy's on the way back out of town and since we were cheesesteak satiated, we were told about this stop in the Reading Terminal.TIP:  If you've ever been to Portillo's in Chicago, the sausage and beef is awesome.  I thought, why not get sausage with their pork on top with peppers?Boom, now that is a friggin great sandwich!  The bread was crusty and soft on the inside.  The pork was piled high, hot, perfectly sliced thin, and the amount of seasoning and salt didn't overpower at all.  The hot peppers were spicy for sure.A buddy of mine did a half and half, where half of his sandwich was sausage and the other half was the sliced pork.  Either way you cannot go wrong!"}, {"review_id": "XakYw9_UP2MkWECSr1FVCg", "user_id": "zeI_flqkFhz38fGTzP6UFA", "rating": 1.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "I'm an out of towner so I wanted to try the Roast pork sandwich to find out what the all rave was about. I really was expecting a flavor explosion in my mouth from reading the reviews of this place. I read you can't leave Philly without trying one of the greatest Roast pork sandwiches in town. So off we go to the Reading Terminal Market. First time there we got in line which wrapped around the stall. Stood in line and as we approached the counter we saw a sign saying take out only. So oops that's not what we wanted. We wanted to dine there. So luckily 2 seats became available and we grabbed them. After about 5 min someone came to get our order. I got the roast pork with sharp provolone and broccoli rabe with hot peppers and my husband ordered the roast beef sandwich with spinach. The food came out quickly. But honestly it lacked flavor. Was it just me? I don't know. I had to reach over for table salt several times to help me find some satisfaction. I was just disappointed. My husbands roast beef had more flavor but not by much. Then our bill arrived. For 2 sandwiches and 1 bottle of water was $25 and I left a $5 tip. Which in my mind I thought was a bit overpriced given the lack of flavor. To be honest I felt like this was a tourist trap. I won't be going back to DiNic's if I ever get the opportunity to visit Philly again. I prefer sandwiches with lots of flavor. And this one lacked that for me."}, {"review_id": "gCbQNiRyhZPFS6jEaLLzwA", "user_id": "En475QOepLcRDEYS3s82SQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "Another excellent place to grab lunch at the Reading Market.  With their big, beautiful (yes I said it) sandwiches, these guys did not disappoint.  Simple sitting arrangement, quick, friendly service and a great view of the food being made. I had the beef brisket. The meat was cooked perfectly; it was juicy, flavorful and not salty. And it was well complimented by the broccoli rabe and sweet peppers on top. Definitely a must have for anyone visiting the area."}, {"review_id": "gZnKrPrGZGC227eQTalIQw", "user_id": "dka-nwnZEak9Qn-xOxYqyQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "What you need to know: - If you are going to eat at their counter, just grab a seat and they will take your order. Or get in line for take out.- Super fast service, once you order, their magical sandwiches will appear - It gets busy! For good reason!!! - They don't have the quintessential Philly cheesesteaks here, instead they are known for their roast pork. - Accepts credit cards What I ordered: -  Roast pork (price $9.50) added provolone cheese and broccoli rabe ($1.75) - There is nothing to not like about this sandwich! It starts with a light, crispy and not too dense hoagie roll, generous amounts of sharp provolone layer the inside of the roll and is then topped with their slow-roasted thinly sliced pork, finally, you have the broccoli rabe that crowns the sandwich. The roast pork is sensational, cooked slowly, thinly sliced and then sits in its fatty, savory juices. I love the sting of bitterness from the broccoli rabe that cuts through all the layers of meat to demand center stage. But I particularly appreciate the sharpness of the provolone, that anchors all the flavors together."}, {"review_id": "S3brRcmEln_7IWxcWclUog", "user_id": "6kYQMsUPAlECLtueb76jZg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "My friend and I shared the Beef Brisket Sandwich with Provolone, Mushrooms and Peppers, and OH. MY. GOD! Neither of us was very hungry, but he and I both finished our respective half of the sub. Not only was it cooked to perfection, but the flavors were unreal. Pull apart and juicy, you could practically taste every flavor with the first look and smell of this thing. While it didn't really need much to add to the flavor, I did opt for some Dijon mustard, which only made it that much better for me.If you are ever in the area and have the option between this and anything else in the market....do yourself a favor and don't even think twice. Your tastebuds and stomach will thank you."}, {"review_id": "uCkFyRf2nIC53fabgksjMg", "user_id": "AkOh7K7HcLg7J1Aiq9mj3w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/28/2018", "text": "OH BABY!!  OH BABY!! delicious goodness I can't say no to.While shopping at Reading Market, I of course had to refuel and the roast pork sandwich with broccoli rabe and provolone was perfect. My son and his girlfriend wanted to eat Mexican and Greek, my sons best friend who is pretty much our son, and his girlfriend decided to join me and have their first Tommy DiNic's sandwich!! Winner choice!!Tommy DiNic's runs like a well oiled machine, place your sandwich and beverage order, pay, grab your lunch and go. The roast pork sandwich is a good size sandwich, definitely shareable but not unheard of to solely consume LOL.Provolone cheese is placed on the bottom of a sandwich roll, then they layer thin slices of seasoned roasted pork, tender and juicy. I just want to add they really give you generous portion of the pork, now they add whatever veg you decided on that they offer, there is a $1 charge for the add-on's. I go with the broccoli rabe. If you don't know what broccoli rabe is, it is not regular broccoli and it's not sweet like spinach. It's a bit bitter and when cooked with garlic, olive oil and crushed chili pepper it is OMG heaven. I never tasted this particular veg until I married my MR-- but let me tell you-- I have grown to love this veggie and make it often at home but on this roasted pork sandwich it is indeed a match made in heaven, it compliments it for sure. However if you don't want veg or rabe, just omit it.i cannot wait to get back here, the sandwich is calling my name."}, {"review_id": "5cR7lbRka6scbqZZsgrnQQ", "user_id": "f7e96Iodfmapqm3C_lrDcw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "That roast pork sandwich with provolone and broccoli rabe is SO GOOD it was actually worth traversing Reading Terminal Market on a nice Saturday which is my personal idea of hell. Juicy pork, a perfect ratio of tasty roll to filling, and some bitter as me broccoli rabe. I want to drive 2.5 hours back to Philly for it."}, {"review_id": "9dzSomfV84GWNFe-aWAltg", "user_id": "5QIFOorTaVvMD7Xr423gNg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/1/2018", "text": "The legendary roast pork sandwich spoke to my soul.A lot of people are in philly looking for a cheesesteak, I was looking for an award winning sandwich. This sandwich is in a lot of places, italian sandwich spots. Not this one. Not this sandwich and the greatness they have perfected here. Roast pork, broccoli rabe, provolone cheese. Masterful. Everything to the bread was hand picked for the other item.When you take a bite, the juice of that roast pork meets the rabe and just when you thought you knew what you were going to taste, the provolone swoops in and asserts itself as an ingredient. Unbelievable flavors. For a little, sandwich in hand, I had to watch how they put this together and you can see the care for the ingredients, care for how they put a sandwich together right in front of you. This sandwich will convert a non pork eater, it will convert a non meat eater. This is an absolutely glorious sandwich and it is a MUST for the market.Thank you."}, {"review_id": "35S2ZaF_lSyuogi7I2WGrA", "user_id": "zFi_7OFsvbDbeBWLfv-QFg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/16/2018", "text": "First time in the market! I only selected this place because of the reviews...SO GLAD I DID!Roast beef sandwich with a sweet and spicy pepper mix. Broccoli leafy something instead of spinach and \"sharp\" Provolone cheese. Layers of deliciousness and VERY filling. Will try again and clearly l would recommend it to others"}, {"review_id": "KjPRHvoGi2FpQGMw4xKdrQ", "user_id": "PHlGiD8I97KzEJUxODDUzw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "I always get cheesesteaks when I am in Philly, but I keep seeing the roast pork sandwiches on different Food Network shows and frankly, I dig on the swine.  So my hotel is attached to the Reading Terminal and Tommy DiNic's is famous for the roast pork.  It was phenomenal!!!!  I went with sharp provolone and spinach on mine, the sharp provolone really enhanced the flavor of the pork.  The atmosphere in the Reading Terminal adds the Philly experience.  Cheesesteaks are still my fav, but you gotta try the roast pork at least once.  And the staff at DiNic's are doing it right!!!"}, {"review_id": "XV41JzC2ez5pXkEgiL-YfQ", "user_id": "cBbVbcqUWrgYLP-06v0UXA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/29/2018", "text": "Everyone knows about Philadelphia cheesesteaks. Do you know about its older and cooler sister the roast pork sandwich? For lessons, visit Tommy DiNic's in the Reading Terminal Market. They are tucked into the middle near the 12th Street side with a long counter and a take out area. Access is easy to SEPTA and subway.Pork has experienced a renaissance in the United States, although these guys never gave up. Massive pork roasts come out of the oven each day to be sliced thin and piled into rolls with cheese and toppings. The classic is to pair the pork with aged provolone and broccoli rabe. This combination works well as the cheese flavor and rabe compliment the mild pork for a really great flavor and mouth feel.There are many places for a good roast pork sandwich, but the lunch counter inside the Reading Market is great for people watching. My sandwich came at lightning speed. You can also choose Italian pulled pork as an alternative which may be better if you want a bit juicier sandwich.The atmosphere is chaotic, but the sandwiches at Tommy DiNic's are delicious. Prices and service are fair for the location. There are lots of places to eat inside the market, but their combination of pork and cheese will help everyone finish their broccoli."}, {"review_id": "RGhM0D-27zS8KzLoEqf7Qw", "user_id": "cWXOC4CzQFZPLAS7jXlNUw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/3/2018", "text": "TLDR: Great place for roast pork sandwiches right in the middle of Reading Terminal Market.As someone who is not from Philly, I didn't even know that Philly was known for yet another sandwich until very recently. Obviously just about everybody knows about the cheesesteaks, but don't sleep on the roast pork sandwiches. Tommy DiNic's does a really roast pork sandwich and it should be one of the reasons you come and visit Reading Terminal Market.Tommy DiNic's has been around for quite awhile and is now four generations deep into the business. It's appeared on a variety of food shows and its roast pork sandwich with provolone and broccoli rabe was even called the \"Best Sandwich in America\" by the Travel Channel.Located right in the middle of Reading, don't be surprised to see a line when you come here. However, don't worry - the line moves pretty fast. Despite having other sandwiches on the menu, getting the classic roast pork sandwich with provolone and broccoli rabe was the only option. It's a fairly large sandwich, and for about ten bucks, I would say it's a really good deal. If you're looking to eat at other places within Reading, splitting this sandwich in half with someone should be more than enough before you move on to another vendor.After pretty much inhaling the sandwich, I would say that even though it's not the best sandwich I've ever had, it's still a really great one. It may be a matter of personal preference, but I still prefer a cheesesteak. Still, I certainly wouldn't mind having a roast pork sandwich either.  Definitely give it a try!"}, {"review_id": "9voRPLAfus2DAtzVqETU0g", "user_id": "F6kq2nyNy4VaXIRJVIMHQg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/10/2018", "text": "We were told that the beef is really good so my fiancé and I decided to split a beef with provolone and roasted sweet peppers.  It was good and I enjoyed the sharp provolone which was an interesting twist, but I didn't think the sandwich was exceptional enough to earn 4 stars because I think I've tasted many Italian beefs in Chicago that wee more memorable.  Line was very long but went by quickly and if you manage to get a seat at the counter you can skip the line."}, {"review_id": "71dptzRnN0swZ76GcBqfyA", "user_id": "AAbUJQ6TIhRnlJOfpy_emA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "I've seen this place on the food network 100 times and, finally, when I made it to Philadelphia, it was one of my first stops. Got the pork sandwich with broccoli rabe. It was very good and different. Definitely unlike any pork sandwich I've ever had. The lady serving the counter was VERY nice, even though we got there kinda late. Awesome place!!"}, {"review_id": "MZvAWFhLVYUIXlALbQm49g", "user_id": "7k9LIe1J83QapGgUd1UjrQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/9/2018", "text": "When ppl tell me they're visiting Philly and ask where the best cheesesteak is, I say Dinic's. That pork, provolone and broccoli rabe combo is ridiculously good and very memorable (cheesesteaks kinda taste the same to me after a while tbh)It's worth swimming thru the hectic crowds of Reading Terminal for. Plus, you're hitting up an iconic attraction site at the same time. MUST eat if you really really can only have 1 day to spend in Philly."}, {"review_id": "4IxrvmbkwuODDXrW91qYQQ", "user_id": "0bXpaDuuK0Hwimjorj8_EQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/30/2018", "text": "OMG!  Before we started our cheesesteak tour, we couldn't pass up trying DiNic's roast pork, provolone and broccoli rabe sandwich given the long lines and rave reviews and I'm so glad we didn't.   We LOVED our roast pork sandwich.  It was beyond delicious.  Packed with flavor.  Garlic broccoli rabe that adds a bit of bitterness, hot peppers that add the right touch of spice, tender roast pork and the creaminess from the provolone cheese.  Every bite had the perfect ratio of broccoli, pork, peppers and cheese.  Perfect. The line can be long.  We tried to wait for the line to get shorter the night before only to find that they sold out.  So we returned Sunday, braved the long line which moved quickly and fully enjoyed our sandwich. The service was quick.  They are very efficient and move through the customers quickly.  I can't wait to visit Philly again and this sandwich would be the first thing we eat!"}, {"review_id": "MSLlajOMzFbxeEQprGzPjw", "user_id": "KSDqxa61F0lqgVG2F7xKdg", "rating": 1.0, "date": "3/15/2018", "text": "The people at the register are stealing ! I was charged for two cheesecakes while my friend paid for her' s cash! Be aware and get your receipts! This is the charge for one pastrami sandwich with provolone cheese: $23.50I didn't ask for my receipt because I blindly trust ppl behind the counter never again!Even though the sandiwch was good it wasn't worth 23.50!"}, {"review_id": "pIArH-iYorHWY70AUH3YpQ", "user_id": "aipqyWAIVco1BV9L5U4Geg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/18/2018", "text": "Amazing! Huge portion perfect bread! The gelatinous kind that soaks up the meat juice and stays intact. Try this place at least once. Broccoli rabe is drool worthy... and I don't even like broccoli rabe... oh yea meats are 2 thumbs up too."}, {"review_id": "yZt0LJa2C58c3zbtuyBqeA", "user_id": "gS2ApQ039FJx-Yd-F5nw9A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/12/2018", "text": "If you go to Reading Terminal Market, Dinic's is definitely a must go. I got a plain Roast Pork sandwich for $9.50. It was packed with juicy pork, and the bread was very soft. The line might be long, but it moves fast, and it's definitely worth it. This sandwich is better than any cheesesteak in my opinion, so stop by!"}, {"review_id": "mqNqDK5A-bwvUbpRyS4E8w", "user_id": "9-PKyLv_9FeLprcvJBqBQg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/12/2018", "text": "I don't agree with the best ever sandwich claim, but I'm still giving it a 5 star because of the value I was getting for a high-quality cheesesteak. Plus, the service was great, and they were very efficient, with the line moving surprisingly fast.The roast pork sandwich was very generous in terms of how much protein is stuffed inside, and the pork was unexpectedly tender while still not being oily. Combined with quality cheese and pepper, it comes together to make every bite feel special. I think the sandwich could've used a little bit more pepper to balance out a slightly heavy flavor, but it's a relatively minor complaint.I definitely want to try some other things on the menu when I'm back!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/tommy-dinics-philadelphia?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]