[[{"review_id": "rlmNAjG2DXxYKNAyf_tUCg", "user_id": "P199EGRcbE0ETFjRFjxQOQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/7/2018", "text": "What can I say? We recently moved to Providence and out of the month I have been here, I have dined here three times. The ambiance is cozy, yet fun. A date or a group mingle nicely in this space. The drinks are fun and the service is amazing: attentive, friendly and soon to remember you and your tastes. Literally the second time I was there, the server remembered an allergy to shellfish immediately when we ordered a dish, albeit the person who had the allergy was not there that night. The tapas are succulent. The depth of flavors really sublime. You must try the pork belly! It's divine. Don't pass this place up for a pre or post show rendezvous or a fun night out with friends."}, {"review_id": "efQaAyMjAk5ijnl0GqIW3w", "user_id": "Iod-NUcplmfOqPIPxS8QkA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/6/2018", "text": "My dad and I walked in on a Friday evening and luckily were seated right away at one of the high top tables. This clearly is a popular place as we witnessed more people constantly coming in and tables filling up as soon as they were emptied!Our waitress was superb, so friendly and always checked in on us throughout our meal. The food was delicious! It is mainly tapas style with some larger portioned plates listed on the bottom of the menu, as our waitress explained to us. She suggested that on average people get 2-3 small plates.We decided to share what we ordered and ordered 4 plates for the two of us. We ordered the ceviche, octopus, fish tacos, and pork belly. The presentation of the food was lovely and it tasted great! For dessert we ordered the Sweet Vermouth Sabayon and the Coconut Tapioca Pudding. I liked the sabayon more but both were delicious."}, {"review_id": "Zlx_E68n6N9sbzR1WxPLiA", "user_id": "HunCMqixOqOKtJ18kahniQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/1/2018", "text": "This restaurant kept popping up on my yelp so we decided to give it a go. This is what we got:One night in Bangkok- drinkCeviche pescadoTamales and prawns Oysters EmpanadasBraised beef arepa Another thing I couldn't pronounce but it was supposed to have yucca and ground beef Ok. First got my drink. It was described on the menu as a kefir lime slushie with vodka and more lime. It was served to me vibrant pink in color with a lime on top. It was gross and way too sweet.Next item was the ceviche which for $15, contained less than 1.5oz of fish. I enjoyed how gorgeous the plate was, but definitely not a shareable item. Tamales and prawns. Oh man I wanted you to be amazing. I was in southern Cali last month and Mexico the month before last. This is a tamale smothered in red creole sauce. My date enjoyed it, but I prefer traditional tamales. Empanadas were glorified steak and cheese hot pockets. Not as described. The braised beef arepa was the best thing I ate and full of flavor. Also a generous portion size. Oysters were fresh and came with accompaniments.The last dish (I wish I remembered how to spell it) was described as fried yucca and beef. I go to Miami several times a year so I had an idea what this Cuban dish would be. This was nothing as described and was a croquette that was almost exactly to the T something off their old menu and not the dish i ordered. However, it was delicious and I would order it again. All in all a 3 star experience. These guys try real hard to transform traditional dishes as if they were on Chopped the tv show. Not my cup of tea."}, {"review_id": "JHeZauaJLHZz_Qv3mFPN7w", "user_id": "BaZh3zF3_jtQEKIy3U93PA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/20/2018", "text": "Upon first entering this restaurant for our first time, we were seated in the back room and when we sat down, we quickly realized that this was not the environment we wish to be in on this particular evening. We were seated next to a large party, and when I say seated next to I feel like we could've been in on their conversation. So we decided to look and make reservations elsewhere and started to get up. The hostess who I believe is also chef, we told her that it was a little loud and we had had a long day and really preferred and we were going to go somewhere else, she quickly decided that if we were willing to try another location in the front part of the restaurant it will be much quieter, And asked if we'd like to stay she would move us in the front part of the restaurant.Which proved to be a success with each dish we received. We were overwhelmingly happy with our choice to stay for the evening.We tried the goat cheese salad which was very fresh, we also had smoked beats it was a very delightful dish. And then we ordered the mushroom quesadilla, the fish tacos, and the vegetable paella.All excellent dishes, and not over seasoned at all. Which is what we run into being primarily plant-based eaters and restaurant environments, with dishes being overseas and for our taste. You could truly tail, but here was a chef, and a team of people in this restaurant but enjoyed food for the flavor it could bring without adding any other extra seasoning. Which is much appreciated from these two foodies from across other areas of the country.I only don't give it five stars because there was not one dish, that made me moan and excitement with first bite.The customer service was excellent, and again I appreciate the lady at the front encouraged us to stay and worked on getting us a quieter table.We will be back! Thank you redfin for the delightful dishes an amazing service.Also, I ordered a cocktail that was very well done, it was nice and strong with gin, a little small so I ordered two :-)"}, {"review_id": "36tFLFPmAZfeAVS1tMNu8g", "user_id": "xJVRZmqkP3tGen_UlJYToQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Before going I had seen pictures of food and everything looked delicious. I decided to try it out. Basically everything I had was not very good at all, deviled eggs, charred octopus, and I forgot what my entree was but I couldn't have more than 2 bites, it was so dry and the flavors did not work. Very small plates which was expected but for what you pay, you definitely expect more. Might give it one more chance, hoping the food was sub par because when we arrived it was almost time for them to close and maybe the restaurant rushed the food."}, {"review_id": "sguffqrE-5qBcojPGXuJQg", "user_id": "6pTHuzch57b5uvHDqjMvqQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/11/2018", "text": "One word- Frose! Frozen rose cocktail with fresh thyme...sooo good.  Came here for a bday celebration and shared a bunch of small plates.  The empanadas were heaven and the paella was seriously good!  The rest of the crew got some seafood specials which is not my thing but everyone enjoyed all the food we ordered.  Super cute atmosphere, and relatively easy street/garage parking close by.  I will be back!"}, {"review_id": "l5GRKRQN7oyPuhCRqhEeGA", "user_id": "HH4U6n39xwJZwAwQkSPn-g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/25/2018", "text": "Oh my gosh, how has it taken me so long to get here?! Made last minute reservations here yesterday morning because we had gotten a last minute invite to Trinity Rep from a friend. I figured it was a perfect reason to try someplace in the area I hadn't made it to yet. It was exceptional!We were offered the table right behind the hostess stand or seats at the then still empty bar, and opted for the bar for comfort. The bartender took great care of us all night and walked us through the menu really well. The tapas were all spectacular but my favorites had to be the deviled eggs and the empanadas. We also had the octopus and the pork belly. The duck sandwich we split was out of this world, and if I could have that for lunch every day I would be the most insanely happy woman imaginable. I had a cocktail named after my all time hero: the Barefoot Contessa!  Such a cool space with really legit food. A foodie heaven that had skyrocketed to the top of my list of recommendations for Providence."}, {"review_id": "hb3SsUe3Mb5_6jW6_rhAiw", "user_id": "a46bdZWEDk3jiKY73aP6ow", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/15/2018", "text": "The best place to go in Providence for Spanish tapas.The menu is adventurous and fun, pulling from many different Mediterranean, Carribean, Spanish, and Italian influences. They have a delicious variety of ceviche and crudo to choose from. My last outing, I had the scallop ceviche which was served in a nice citrusy leche de tigre with red peppers, jalapeno, and corn. It was everything a ceviche should be.I went on to order the shrimp alcapurrias, a yucca and shrimp dumpling served with an eggplant puree, pickled tomato relish, and crispy chickpeas. A nice fusion of Latin and Mediterranean flavors. Also ordered the street corn, which was perfectly charred and served off the corn.I would definitely recommend Red Fin for the adventurous foodie who's craving something different. Portions are a bit small but it's a matter of quality over quantity."}, {"review_id": "Nu4y9V2o7HYgZ7kMHwo3_Q", "user_id": "DCsCel6cLcwv6z8y-zS1AQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/6/2018", "text": "Red Fin Crudo and Kitchen has excellent service. We made a reservation through open table and let them know it was our anniversary. The wait staff were very friendly congratulating us on our anniversary and offering to take a photo of us. They made the restaurant atmosphere feel very welcoming. We ordered the Mac n' cheese with lobster entree along with the prefix meal for restaurant week. For the prefix option, I had the scallop ceviche, brussel sprouts, and skirt steak. The sizes were smaller than the regular entree but plenty of food to share. All the food was cooked perfectly and to top it off we had desert. The carrot cake desert was incredible and comes highly recommended. The pictures don't do the food justice. You have to try out the dishes to fully experience the flavorful food and tremendous service."}, {"review_id": "ZpAijneuf9m_lBTh62tUiw", "user_id": "ho22Qpj5YlGqQl5e5xZ5Yg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/27/2018", "text": "Wow, wow, wow. Tonight was magical. So glad after a faux paux with the hostess we ended up sitting at the bar with the best bartender we've had in forever, Kevin. He was fantastic and made us wanting to keep ordering more And more-more drinks and more food. Can not wait to go back, soon, very very soon."}, {"review_id": "PjY9gIqQt02n0oDpABj8-w", "user_id": "u5lQPvTp5zbGuYsiZqU6ig", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/25/2018", "text": "Visiting from Miami-always interested in the restaurant scene where we travel so we selected this restaurant highly regarded by fellow yelpers.This doesn't happen to me too often, but every now and then, a host or hostess can really leave a poor first impression which was the unfortunate case last night. While I had specifically asked when making reservation and was confirmed to get a table in main dining room, the hostess greeted us, seemed to visually size us up although she clearly recognized me from making reservation, and then seated us by the bar. I was with my family and didn't want to make a fuss and the location wasn't terrible but not as good as the main dining area in the back.Our waiter Gary was competent although I felt he was not that engaging. I do not want to judge him too harshly as he did seem very busy and he did seem to lighten up as the meal concluded.This is a tapa restaurant so expect the dishes to sometimes come out smaller than expected-for the most part, there were more winners than losers.Winners included the lobster Mac n cheese, the hamburger, the goat cheese salad, the deviled eggs, and the smoked beets dish which I liked a lot but might depend on if you like beets.The skirt steak had to be sent back because it was quite rare when we had asked for medium, but came back as a delicious item. Our main disappointment was the ceviche-3 small pieces of fish for $15 -at that price, expectations are higher and the dish just wasn't special and the fish not that flavorful.The drink menu was excellent with a wide range of beers, wines and mixed drinks.Lastly, the metal bar seats in the restaurant were ok for us, but I suspect some might find them uncomfortable.This restaurant is very good overall and I think they'll care enough to continue improving."}, {"review_id": "IodbaqEzQZJrMtFoCpjZUQ", "user_id": "BBVNxmAo2HouzJSBeVD8zw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/11/2017", "text": "Absolutely give this place a try! It's heavily tapas style with main dishes that can also be shared. Drink specials, seasonal specials, and even specials for shows/conventions in town.We chose to dine outside because the weather was so nice and there's still a little time before it gets too cold. There was a brief sun shower but the awning was sufficient to keep us dry!Our server was friendly and gave good suggestions for our dinner, especially when it came to portion sizes and what's \"enough\" for our table of 3. We started with the oyster sampler which featured 3 different kinds of local oysters. They were very good and very fresh.Next was the octopus he suggested. After hearing his explanation of how it's prepared and how tender it would be, we were sold. And it didn't disappoint! This one's a must.We all then shared the crab quesadillas. These were a bit small, particularly for the price, but they were tasty nonetheless (gone in a second). But the only disappointment was the lobster mac & cheese. We didn't realize it would come with half a lobster which was hard to share, and that it wouldn't be mac & cheese at all - it was just creamy penne.When we brought this to our server's attention, he shrugged and basically said \"I know, right?\". A dish not matching the title/description is one thing but the server agreeing as if that's the way it's been? Not exactly the high note we wanted to end with but at least everything else was off the charts!Can't wait to try more next time."}, {"review_id": "zqZaYZ6H715pxH1vy_i9vQ", "user_id": "lGxssT2UmyNZQZWwPDgX3A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/23/2018", "text": "Easiest five stars this year.  Service, customized cocktails just for picky old me, and some great dishes.  I ate octopus with fava beans.  Wonderful.  I ate pork belly.  Amazing.The star of the show though, I ate myself some clams with Serrano ham, killer.  Absolutely killer.  Nice salty clams with an incredible buttery broth.  I'd like to eat those clams again twice a week until I die."}, {"review_id": "Hlu3-Il5Cmlw0HTKGeMYaQ", "user_id": "izxgHZIMWe331_W_lEvXhA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/3/2017", "text": "I AM IN LOVE. I picked this place for my first dinner in Providence because I need SEAFOOD. This place is in hot&new category and it's amazing. The food was so so good that I have to say FANTASTIC! The first dish is bacon wrapped scallop. The texture of the scallop is so good and you can feel it's fresh and not the frozen prepared. The sauce is sweet and sour by the ingredient. It has a creamy taste .. maybe from coconut milk I'm not so sure. The sweet of the corn and some veggie. 10/10 plus 5 stars for this plate! The second one is Lobster Mac n Cheese.I mean this is not the mac n cheese like American style but more like Italian. It was so creamy and rich of cheese. Omg so good! The penne was perfectly cooked. THE LOBSTER , half of the lobster but the taste of the lobster is full! 10/10For this as well.The ambience is nice. There's a bar that you can sit on. I bet the drinks should be yummy. They take reservation as well. Since the place is crowded. So call them ahead of time! Enjoy :P"}, {"review_id": "3NeOsiT0wFSueq-kku0kGA", "user_id": "QAMUxsZ0-atYwfzpKu7hXg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/15/2017", "text": "Very impressed with the overall Red Fin experience, we have been several times to date and always enjoy the food. I will admit that the pricing to portion ratio is a bit off (even for a downtown Pvd venue). If portions increased slightly, or prices were adjusted a dollar or two downwards on small plates, we would give this a 5 star without delay."}, {"review_id": "gksc4kGZD0VkXq2l9ogwig", "user_id": "OroHZFI4_xeN6jYENlNNKQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "This is a truly amazing kitchen, We are in town for the nationals prostart invitational( so we are very picky ) and this restaurant blew our socks off! They serve Truly amazing plates at a great price! We revived a truly moving experience with the food and I can't recommend this place enough!- Team Iowa"}, {"review_id": "RJtYnWyutRXTWOs5FPrz3g", "user_id": "wubqmFEGZgAcuwk7AM3d6A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/23/2018", "text": "Amazing! We first had some of Chef Behm-Lazzarini's food next to the amazing Marcus Samuelson at the CVS Health Crave RI. The Vaca Frita with sweet summer corn was heavenly. My wife and I then stopped in and had three amazing dishes. We started with a wonderful plate of tender calamari and a hearty bowl of Onion Soup. We perhaps ordered more than we realized with their bone-in Rib-eye; a massive cut with a dinosaur sized bone cooked perfectly with some amazing Brussel sprouts.An amazing experience a true stand out in Down City."}, {"review_id": "GR6plbKX_lh-it4Ck30Ofg", "user_id": "ssyfiCwpNNwTjmia-kgsmQ", "rating": 2.0, "date": "4/1/2018", "text": "The atmosphere is wonderful, the waiter, Adam was attentive and knowledgeable and the menu options seemed were very appetizing, however, I'm not sure I'll be back. I ordered a pitcher of red sangria to share and it was mostly ice... and it definitely tasted like it. Very watered down. I had seafood paella which tasted okay until a couple of hours later when it was coming back up. Since all I had was two glasses of sangria with the paella I'm thinking it probably had something to do with the food. I can't say for sure it was the food but it sure felt like food poisoning and if it wasn't the food and drink weren't really anything to write home about."}, {"review_id": "Ph9Butu6q153QAJdZpEyGA", "user_id": "lXmcO-voMvDJQ9_R1VCvGg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/16/2018", "text": "The wait staff was very welcoming and friendly; we had to abruptly change our reservation and they were quite accommodating. Thank you!The food and drinks were very good.  Items ranged from the $12-20-ish range.  I enjoyed both my drinks: the Vanderpump and the Aqua de Valencia.  Highly recommend both beverages.  The items we ordered that we enjoyed the most: the scallop ceviche, charred octopus, pork belly, and the lobster mac & cheese.  They were all mouth watering-ly delicious.  There were so many more that looked amazing but I was too stuffed to order more!My husband ordered the smoked beets and while they were ok, they weren't great.  I wouldn't recommend.  We also ordered the duck nachos, which read like they were amazing, but for some reason, they didn't taste as wonderfully as we hoped.  There was some sort of sour aftertaste in each bite and I couldn't quite figure out what it was.  Based on the quality of our other dishes, I believe it to be a rarity that the taste was off.  Additionally, when our server asked how we were enjoying them shortly after he brought them to our table, he very graciously took them away and off our bill.Overall, I definitely recommend this restaurant. The atmosphere is casual and comfortable, and the portions, especially considering its tapas, are huge.  The staff were friendly and accommodating, and we will definitely be back."}, {"review_id": "K7XrOTccRQrcoeAkUQ4c9Q", "user_id": "-IgW0DMcfAw-wDxc0CB-sw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/3/2017", "text": "Wow! I don't think I really have much else to say about Red Fin Crudo, but I'll give it a try.It started with calling for a reservation on a Saturday night. Called at about 5pm for a 6:30 reservation. Was politely told first reservation available was for 8pm, but the nice woman on the telephone offered to take my cell phone number to call me if there was a cancellation. Nice touch.We arrived at the restaurant at about 6:45 expecting to be shot down. The restaurant is in an area that really seems to be coming alive, so an hour walk around killing time would have been no problem. Got to the hostess desk and it was the same woman who took my reservation. I offered to sit outside, it was a nice night. I was originally told that there were no cancellations, but was then squeezed into a great table outside. Extra kudos!We sat down and our waiter came over for the drink order. Gentleman was very nice throughout the meal.Here's how the food went:Ordered the Rhodie Oysters Rockerfeller, one of the specials. Was a really different take on Oysters Rockerfeller. My wife, who usually doesn't like oysters as much as I do, loved them!  Next we had the fried yucca with a chorizo sauce. Fantastic! the yucca were perfectly breaded and fried and the sauce was amazing. Onto the corn salad with Mexican cheese. I don't know why, but Mexican corn salad is the bomb.Red Fin's was explosive! What a great dish. The last dish I remember was the Spanish Octopus. AMAZING! I've eaten a lot of octopus in a lot of really good restaurants (many of them Greek who do magic with octopus). This was the best cooked octopus I've had in years! It melted in my mouth. We had another dish or two, and I thought I saved the receipt so I'd remember. But, alas, I lost it and my mind. So I don't remember what else we ordered. What ever it was, it was GREAT!I don't know if you can tell, but I'd HIGHLY recommend a visit to Red Fin Crudo. You won't be disappointed."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/red-fin-crudo-kitchen-providence?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]