[[{"review_id": "ca7vwoLkANXx2EPD7fwOiQ", "user_id": "a46bdZWEDk3jiKY73aP6ow", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "Dined here for the first time last night and had a really nice time! The inside is so charming and eclectic. It feels really warm and inviting with the perfect amount of kitsch. I'm looking forward to coming back and exploring the outside courtyard. We were seated immediately and ordered cocktails. I ordered the red pear martini which came with pear vodka and lychee and it was good. Not the most inventive cocktail I've ever had but definitely tasty.We started with the shrimp and corn fritters which were delicious! The chunks of shrimp were nice and big (I hate when you order shrimp fritters and the shrimp is too diced up) and the batter was perfectly crispy. The orange-coriander chili sauce was good for dipping.For my entrée, I ordered the pan-seared salmon which was really crispy and the miso glaze was very flavorful. The fennel grapefruit slaw was unexpected and refreshing. The perfect dish for a warm summer night.While the dessert tray was tempting, I already had my heart set on an ice cream cone from Hilltop but everything looked delicious and I'll definitely save room next time.I'm looking forward to coming back to Treehouse again this summer to explore more of their menu and their beautiful premises!"}, {"review_id": "bG3mpg2X7Th_UtiFC8TUug", "user_id": "On1ALp8QfwEp8ZLI3o_OzQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "This brunch spot is adorable. The decor and atmosphere is inviting and different. We ordered omelets, the veggie and western. They were both delicious and filling. Excellent and crispy home fries. Service was strong and friendly."}, {"review_id": "cYQcQtlVKJhRB_KaaRx84g", "user_id": "V9oDkLoHTBjvCON4LmmUyQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "The decor will blow you away.  Mac and Cheese with Cajun chicken as an appetizer (small)  - enough for  2-4 people. Wonderful and rich but not cheesy.  Lobster BLT - tiniest bit of mayonnaise. Very good.Treehouse burger - very good.  Potatoe wedges were okay.  Would prefer French Fries.  Desserts are presented on two trays.  Dizzying in their splendor and variety.  Just go.  You will be glad you did."}, {"review_id": "fViAHME2RNR0r0DHe9rzSA", "user_id": "eBrVkzHhHKZxyVS1SPKbJw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/26/2018", "text": "Sorry readers... It's still Lent and I still can't eat meat... but my boyfriend can!  First time experience at the Tree House.  When we walked in we were whisked through the establishment and honestly we were concerned would we find out way out?  It was a little later on a Saturday night and no wait,  win!  We were seated in the library.  We felt like we were in a real life version of the game Clue! The library is a room filled with tables of two.  When we were seated in there we felt like we didn't belong.  Seamed like first date night and it was quiet! We did poke our heads into other rooms and we wish we were in a more lively area but overall the atmosphere set by the tavern is nice.Our waitress, Miranda, was awesome!  Super nice and bubbly.  She was informative and even got me to change my order without trying!  I am glad she did.  I had the Eggplant tart.  It was delicious- the sauce was heavenly!  The sweet potato fries that accompany it... was more like shoe string but super crispy therefore I couldn't get enough of them! My boyfriend ordered the truffalo burger.  He said the burger was cooked perfectly and the burger/fries/beer were good.  We split an order of brussel sprouts.  He said they could have been crispier and I would have liked a little bit more seasoning on them.We did take home a slice of cheesecake (Almond Joy!)  I dug into it last night and it's good.  I have to say we were impressed with the old school display of dessert options passed on silver trays and Miranda was nice enough to bring over BOTH trays!  She even left us a nice note on our check!  (Photo proof!)  Miranda is top notch in our book!"}, {"review_id": "l_XTJTml04UFoe_HpZWznw", "user_id": "HveWFVvoMU4F-O7pWgrfXg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/19/2018", "text": "Really good visit in to the Treehouse for a late dinner around 9PM on Saturday.  Crowded but our timing was good and we landed a nice table in the front very quickly.  Really unique decor - very warm and inviting and the fact we could see the snow falling outside made it feel even nicer.  Good selection of craft beer and cocktails including a \"sale\" list which appreciate less for the price discount, but more so because it shows effort to rotate stock and keep everything fresh.   Some good local selections and I went with Foolproof's Raincloud Porter out of Pawtucket, RI.  A new one on me but a pretty legit porter.  Good looking menu and we started with the hot pretzels n dip (plus of course the tasty and fresh popcorn they put on the table).  The pretzels were very different and very good - topped with a light dusting of cinnamon instead of salt with a very creamy Gouda dip it was a nice treat even for a pretzel purist like me that doesn't like to deviate for traditional salt.For mains I had the lobster BLT, Cajun mac and cheese for Stork, pulled pork mac and cheese for Bones and tree house burger for Kat (she was hoping for the meatloaf but they were out - something that never bothers me as it evidences fresh ingredients).  My lobster BLT was excellent - packed with a generous amount of lobster meat it was fresh, delicious and I thought very reasonable priced at  $19.   Large mac and cheeses were hearty servings - I tried the pulled pork one and it was very good.  Thumbs up all around the table on the meals.  Service was very good throughout - definitely a place we will return to."}, {"review_id": "pOUdGUvDvZCNjcSk9cku4w", "user_id": "SBXkQ8K_yEce7DN-ELzwrw", "rating": 2.0, "date": "2/22/2018", "text": "I had been dying to come here. I almost went once, but it was a Monday, and they were closed. Today I went with friends for lunch. The decor is lovely! I LOVE restaurants with a nice ambience, they definitely hit the nail on the head here. I'd love to come back in the summer and dine outside, maybe a nice brunch. Now for the review. I ordered the Tree house burger. The menu had me at smoked Gouda and caramelised onions. I ordered it to be cooked medium with a side salad. The burger came out well done, there was no pink. Now that I think of it, I don't remember the onions and I could barely taste the Gouda. The side salad was more like a garnish (hard to call a salad). The dressing was in a plastic, disposable ramekin- one you'd get in your take-away box. There was a Sysco truck out front, it is very possible they were out of food. My friends were also not pleased. One had cold fries, and another said the steak sandwich was lacking in flavour. I kills me to write this review, but I expected a lot more. This beautiful restaurant is stunning inside and out, but the kitchen is severely lacking! Notice to management: take a look at the kitchen staff and expand on the menu.I'd like to believe they were just having an off day, but after reading some similar reviews, I think there's a lot of work to be done."}, {"review_id": "XWkuaiedM7IhO3yK1z4WYA", "user_id": "xI-GATCdUiQgg0g3EBKODQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/4/2018", "text": "Came here for a baby shower, food was very good and staff were very attentive. Had the turkey croissant was huge and delicious! Lobster bisque  had huge chunks of lobster although it was a little salty for my taste. The ambience of this place is amazing very pretty and romantic. They have a outdoor section which looks like it will be awesome in the summer time."}, {"review_id": "0NpgJHiNGsCIIDccCo8XSQ", "user_id": "9SjABzwbKAWzOtgV8VaGJw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/6/2018", "text": "Would recommend the salmon board, pork nachos, and their drinks. They also have a separate gluten free menu!Yes there's an actual tree house outside the restaurant!"}, {"review_id": "gXv3Oa-ABmT8KDCVuxBQQQ", "user_id": "eP9gr06ON9JLzX8bsZ6TUQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/12/2018", "text": "Great spot in West Warwick/Warwick line. The drink menu and diner menu have many great choices. We went in on a Saturday night at 8:00PM and it was still busy. We waited quite some time before getting our meal, but we were fine with it. I was looking forward to the braised lamb shank with a glass of red wine, however, they were all out for the night so I opted for the rib eye steak for $30 and my wife ordered the duck breast for $31. I wouldn't order steak again, but would definitely order that duck breast! This dish is a sure winner, all of the flavors blended together like a five star chef put it together and it paired perfectly with the Pinot Noir. I did struggle with the menu for choices, mainly because of some of the prices, specifically the weiners for $15 and the noodle bowl for $26. I'm a big fan of noodle bowls, but the best I've had would never be found for over $14.  I wanted to try the meatloaf, sounded excellent, but I'm not typically a fan so I couldn't bring myself to do it when I was looking for a good piece of meat to pair with wine on that particular night."}, {"review_id": "EzCqg4-Py7RhOufi70D5Nw", "user_id": "G79E6xxcsDX_wgDBpWqo5A", "rating": 2.0, "date": "2/5/2018", "text": "I  wish I could give them 2 1/2 stars  - the place itself is charming, lovely ambiance, unusual decor, fun to be in.... It's just the food wasn't that good.We met last Sunday at 11:00 and the place was packed. Luckily (since we did not have reservations) there were a few seats at the bar so we decided to sit there and have breakfast/brunch. It was a cold rainy day and it was warm and inviting inside.The bartender/server was pleasant and even though she was busy, made sure we had drinks etc. I had been here several years ago, before they expanded the kitchen so was definitely looking forward to an expanded menu.  A lot of the same things (I'm thinking they are popular since they are still on the menu - Lobster BLT, pulled pork quesadilla, etc.)I wanted the quiche, but alas, they were out. The server said she sold the last one about 20 minutes ago. I would have thought maybe add more quiche if it was sold out at 11 am?My friend ordered the Sunrise breakfast (Two extra large eggs your way with toast choice and bacon, ham or sausage selection, home fry potatoes.) I ordered the Earl of Warwick sandwich  (Oven baked turkey or ham with tomato, lettuce, bacon, brie and a spread of cranberry mustard on a croissant) with turkey and home fries.My friend said her's was fine, but the toast was cold and they gave her very cold butter so she asked for warm butter. Overall she was happy but  felt she could get the same anywhere.My sandwich came on a croissant - a very overcooked croissant that flaked into pieces as i was trying to eat it. There was not much turkey, only about 1/2 was covered with turkey on the bottom . The cranberry mustard was very tasty , brie good, bacon a bit overcooked but fine. But again, so messy and falling apart i did not enjoy it it. The hash browns I got were overcooked. I had to \"peel\" them with my fork to get to the potato. I see other Yelper's comments and maybe that is just how they make them. But I am not a fan of burnt hash browns.So over all , not a great experience for food.I would try again for dinner perhaps, but i would not go out of my way. We were in the bistro - not the tea area which is also nice."}, {"review_id": "g_KNrUl6UXPIUWtmQlEb-A", "user_id": "zPkIijSBtc3xX44cu1aT8A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/26/2018", "text": "It's just so good. Every time I've been it's amazing.  I've tried so many things on their menu.  The scallops are fantastic.   Lobster rolls delicious.   All the types of Mac and cheese are awesome.   The dessert trays are ridiculous in a good way.   I never get dessert but here I do.  It's impossible to resist.  Tea selection is incredible.   Martinis are strong and yummy and there is a nice wine selection as well.  Staff is always extra friendly and the atmosphere is warm and inviting."}, {"review_id": "8ADZ2d1V5nIk3nxS5bggCQ", "user_id": "bEOk1jKWjtn27FgqRrQXUA", "rating": 2.0, "date": "10/9/2017", "text": "Just ok. We were so excited to go because we had gone about a month ago and it was a 90 minute wait so we left. We were returning on a Sunday to visit my son so we thought we would try again this time making a reservation for 9:30am. The waitress was terrible, she never checked on us. I had to ask for water from another waitress and our check from the hostess. The outdoor courtyard is covered in cigarette butts, debris, rusted Knick Knacks and some weirdly placed fake flowers. The interior lighting is cool and eclectic. The food is just meh. The pulled pork had a good smoke taste but lacked flavor, the rosemary potatoes were over salted but cooked well. The smoked salmon was good but the hollandaise sauce was clumpy and cold and the egg was not cooked enough. I was really disappointed as I had read such excellent reviews, I don't think we will be back."}, {"review_id": "7efFJ16En55TERQKH_TC-g", "user_id": "lhIL7iVT9j56Jym37djm4A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/28/2017", "text": "Treehouse Tavern was such a fun place. Well hidden gem in Warwick. Went after work with a few girlfriends and we wanted to sit outside, which the waitstaff happily accommodated us to do. The drinks were unique and tasty! Anavah our waitress was so kind and gave us personal recommendations, as well as a tour of the tavern! The lanterns, fire pit and music add to a great atmosphere. Can't wait to come back or have an event here!"}, {"review_id": "AOKykYzF19zDQVzYTEPPIQ", "user_id": "MPAM1lBWOKqfPOVrab40GA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/28/2017", "text": "This has to be one of the prettiest restaurants around. I can't even count it as a restaurant because it just felt like I was in someone's home that was beautifully decorated with lanterns, flowers and trees, and a fire pit out back. There are so many different rooms inside, but the bar area is by far my favorite. We actually sat outside which also has many different areas. There's a large barn with lots of seating, the fire pit, and a few tables under what looks like an actual treehouse. When I went after work on a weeknight, they originally weren't seating people outside but accommodated us anyways, which was super nice! They told us about all of the events they host for birthdays, bridal/baby showers, and more.There's an awesome list of cocktails which change seasonally. My favorites for Fall were the beekeepers cocktail and the twilight sangria. The lobster BLT was amazing and you also can't go wrong with the potato wedges. Our waitress was super nice, told us all about herself, and even gave us a tour of the place because it was our first time there. Don't leave without picking a dessert to share off their amazingly made dessert tray that they bring out to you when you're finished eating. Their baker is from NYC and can make some seriously good sweets."}, {"review_id": "MaYOZ41VKf9UROZZ_quA7w", "user_id": "Tx75laQkp1vJjyS-Xv-aNA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/3/2018", "text": "I stopped by here on my way home from a business trip because the outside was very intriguing (there is an actual tree house located outside) and I really wanted something besides the chain restaurants located on all of the outdoor malls off of Centerville Road. Upon entering I thought I the venue was something out of Peter Pan. The crowd was an interesting mix, there were middle aged locals at the bar who were drinking beer and talking about book clubs while the crowd in the dining area looked to be millennial hipsters on second dates checking out the Sangria. This is part of the tapas trend but also has sandwiches and larger plates at a variety of price points. I had the bowl of noodles (pictured) which was an imitation Pho, but I was craving noodles so I caved and got it. It was delicious, definitely had it's own unique taste that was its own. It was $26 which is certainly expensive given the portion. However it was exactly what I was looking for at the moment and I'm curious to check this place out again."}, {"review_id": "2XdB_bPUjFx0vIc2wjJe_A", "user_id": "-obTnoKtCa3EVpNpWuHd0w", "rating": 2.0, "date": "3/20/2018", "text": "Nice ambiance and our server John was very cool and efficient. We opted for several small plates. I had the lamb pops...(could have sworn they said that.) What they were was a middle eastern pressed lamb type satay. Not bad. Wife had mac and cheese balls--take off on arancini. Ok. I ordered the special \"bruschetta\" (PLEASE!!! Pronounced BREW SKETTA not BREW CHETTA) ) ...came burnt. Politely sent it back. Manager (?) came by with a snippy attitude. Didn't get that. Had some good wine. Was ok. Probably try again--saw some awesome looking steaks and burgers."}, {"review_id": "HH6iS3-l_VwZ7GB-pPp3vg", "user_id": "sfel3yPwPqMMEZ2E9-EApA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/7/2017", "text": "I would have given five stars if I wasn't given burnt home fries on my first visit. How do you serve burnt, black home fries? lol...I wasn't gonna send it back b/c I hate sending food back. We went for brunch late afternoon, wasn't busy at all and the food kind of took a while. The reason why I'm giving 4 stars is b/c the place itself is very beautiful inside and outside. It's like a fancy, adult treehouse that serves alcohol. :p There's pretty lights wrapped around all over inside and outside. Every time I go there, I don't want to leave. They also have a relaxing fire pit that seats about 6-10 people? ...and the service has been great so far, meaning the friendly service. I know the servers can't do much about the slow kitchen, at times. Anyways, the first time I went, I ordered their New England eggs benedict. Everything was delicious, except for the home fries. The lobster was juicy, eggs over easy, and the hollandaise sauce was deeeelicious! I dipped my burnt home fries into the hollandaise so it was a little better. Second time, I ordered their smoked salmon -- not bad. It was a quick lunch so I didn't have much time to sit down and enjoy it. Third time, we ordered the seafood sampler and it consisted of a lobster roll, three clam cakes, corn chowder, stuffie, and corn on the cob. It was definitely worth the $28. My son ordered salmon mac N cheese and it was quite tasty! Highly surprised. My oldest son ordered the biggest burger and he loved it. I keep wanting to go back but the bF is sick of it. Every time I stumble across a place I love, I keep wanting to go back over and over :)"}, {"review_id": "ZO-sRfQf69R0-ItNyS2Clg", "user_id": "ldmLNal_ZJBrMMK6ohd3jg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/19/2017", "text": "This has lately become a go to for lunch with myFriends. It's the absolute cutest place. The decorations are great to check out. It's a delight to the eyes for sure. Very cozy and homey. They have a pretty decent craft beer menu to satisfy all of us beer geeks. The menu is also pretty large so you can find something everyone in your party will enjoy. Everything is made fresh and you can tell from the first bite. I tend to always get the pork quesadilla. It's huge and nicely spiced. The fries oh the side are hand cut and cooked perfectly. We were stuffed but the serve brought over carrot. Are so we had to have it. It was delicious. Tasted as if I made it myself. This will continue to be a go to for me. If you haven't been yet check it out. Highly recommend."}, {"review_id": "M260gTsXcOp4hSzGSa5CpQ", "user_id": "3FQ2ZmCKj4SSagntTb_hVQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/10/2018", "text": "I had my bridal shower here in July 2015. We had a wonderful time. The patio was beautiful and they helped set up the high tea. The staff was great. They were quick and easy to work with.I was really happy."}, {"review_id": "GATubgNc7v8OVrAD76xX4g", "user_id": "UnuFiG4iR1_ojxC8g4YwWg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/19/2018", "text": "Nice atmosphere.   Good serviceHad grilled salad - good. BDeviled eggs.  A-Mac n cheese  A-Kabobs.  BSaw scallops on another table.   Looked great.   Try that next time.  Nothing blew me away but it was good and I want to try more dishes."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/the-tree-house-tavern-and-bistro-warwick?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]