[[{"review_id": "zZd85i35qksJIzf94vXydw", "user_id": "CReuui-kFgacQoyyxJLWNQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/26/2018", "text": "As praised by the Boston Globe, Zagat, and countless foodie blogs, \"north\" (not \"North\"...) is a small Federal Hill gem that abides by extreme standards of quality and creativity. Be prepared for an imaginative menu featuring exquisite Asian-inspired small plates (think Spanish tapas, but without the Spanish), in a pleasant environment ruled by dark tones and thoughtfully selected interior pieces. Let it be known that this is NOT your typical pseudo-Asian wannabe eatery.I arrived on a Monday night at around 6:30pm. It was only half-occupied, but progressively became more crowded by 7:30pm. My party of 3 was immediately directed to a spacious corner of the bar, exposed to a lively open kitchen. Having scarfed down eight of their menu items in a deadly consecutive fashion (with delectable micro-dishes, you really don't know when to stop), I'm unsure where to begin with this review. While I could elaborate on the details of each dish in extensive paragraphs, I'll instead address the key aspects of my dining experience as a whole, highlighting the most memorable flavors.Price: As north is a pricey family-style restaurant, expect to pay around $30-$45 per person. As recommended by my server, it's typical to order 2 or 3 dishes per customer to share among your party, each dish ranging between $8-$25 and varying in portion size.Food: Out of the dishes I tried, my favorites are the Crispy Chicken Confit (a fatty, meltingly tender, indulgent twist to the French duck confit), the Hot Flavor Sesame Noodles (thick noodles, quite spicy), and Tiny Ham Biscuits, which shined especially bright with the minty mustard-of-the-day. While the Dan Dan Noodles are also very flavorful, these \"north-style\" noodles are not noodles, but nodes of chewy Korean Tteokbokki rice cakes (still good, but misleading). Each dish bursts with an experimental combination of spices and savors that are ostensibly confusing, but cooperative, as you continue to enjoy and decompose their distinct flavors. The sheer cultural breadth of ingredients, each clearly chosen with intention, is impressively broad -- from a celeriac pudding dessert (yes, as in turnip-rooted celery) subtly dusted with Chinese all-spice, its outer crème brûlée-esque crust contrasting exceptionally well with a sweet-savory puréed body, to the aromatic southern European Marjoram leaves nestled throughout the Braised Boston Squid.The only real cons being its lack of seating, no-reservation policy, and bizarre angsty Twitter feed, north is one fantastic restaurant, leaving a noble impression on the Providence restaurant scene through a one-of-a-kind, \"Burmese-inspired\" dining experience."}, {"review_id": "LS6iRL7qPWxsIe_el677aw", "user_id": "yh8_9Ix1wp9dekvyOZbilQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "Was thrilled to find that North is now located in my go-to Providence hotel, The Dean. Can't think of a better way to wind down after getting off the train and dropping my bags off in my room than a nice hearty bowl of noodles!Though the restaurant was bustling on a Wednesday evening, they had a ton of seating for single diners. I selected a seat at the counter where I could peek at the staff preparing in the open kitchen. The hostess was also my server, so it took a little while for her to take my order, but once she did she was great about making recommendations. She said that as a first-timer I should definitely try the spicy flavor sesame noodles, and she offered to put the sauce on the side when I was worried about the spiciness level. I was glad she did because I think it might have been a tad too spicy for me if it was doused with the stuff, though I loved the flavor. The real standout in that bowl were the incredible noodles, though. I'm not sure if they hand-pull them but they were perfectly thick, hearty, and chewy. The roasted broccoli in it was absolutely perfect too, not overly cooked or burned but just enough that the florets had that perfect melt-in-your-mouth texture. I also decided to go for the cornmeal-crusted fish cakes, which weren't as impressive. I liked the crunch of the outside and the pickled veggies that it came with, but the inside was a bit dry and mushy and overall the effect was more like an oversized falafel ball than fish cake (the yogurt tahini sauce probably contributed to that). Not terrible by any means, but just not as special as the noodles. I should have gone with the server's rec on my second dish as well! I would love to come back with a dining companion next time to try more stuff because there was a lot of interesting stuff on the menu... and if I ate pork I would definitely have tried the mini ham biscuits, which sounded delightful! One part about the service that I found strange was that when it came time to pay the check, another server just left me with an ipad and a square. I went through the process and couldn't figure out how to get a receipt, and no one came by to help me close out until I flagged someone down. Maybe they're trying to save paper by not doing printed receipts to sign, but a little more guidance might be nice at the end of a meal. Other than that, I was perfectly happy with my experience there and definitely plan to return the next time I'm staying at The Dean!"}, {"review_id": "0s8KR0IsjJy8HDYAeD9XWw", "user_id": "5ctu-O-T2OeozZTCzbv47A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/27/2018", "text": "Solid tapas location. Had heard a lot about North back when it was over by Federal Hill. Happy to see it move to downtown Providence. We started off with some oysters and little necks. No complaints there. Good raw option. Highly recommend the black bass crudo. It's got a nice sweet taste because of the blueberries. The tiny ham biscuits were surprisingly delicious as well - finger food. Tried a bunch of plates for the main course. Not that much of a fan of the seared beef heart. Obviously not the most common thing you'll see on menus but it wasn't the beef heart that got me. The flavors of the sauce were a little too dark and heavy for my liking. The sesame noodles were quite good. Dan Dan noodles are definitely \"North style\" as they say on the menu. Hugely different from your typical Chinese Dan Dan noodles. Still interesting flavors though.  The Hainanese chicken rice was good. It comes with the traditional soup as well. For dessert we had the celeriac pudding which was good, and some of the ice cream (?). Try the cocoa coconut cream flavor. That was definitely the highlight.Overall great service and great place to have shareable dishes downtown."}, {"review_id": "GEeiw4hrtaIqnJN-OuNIyQ", "user_id": "ugpGI6jgFq_gDyaGBn1Cmw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/6/2018", "text": "My buddy and I decided to meet up for dinner to catch up. I told him to pick a spot and he chose North. I've passed it all the time but never went in because the menu never intrigued me. Since he chose the spot I went along.We walked in and I don't know if they have a host or not and no one really greeted us so we just walked to the empty seats at the bar. We sat down and a girl with short hair just handed us menus and stared at us like we knew what we were having already lol. The menus are tiny and the lighting at the bar is low so reading the menu was quite tricky for my eyes.  My friend ordered the wine and coke cocktail. I tried his and immediately I wanted one. A very good mix wine and coke, never thought it. The thing that wasn't good about it was there was like 3 different people behind the bar and the each made the drink totally different. It's a small bar I don't know why so many people are behind there. The drinks got weaker and weaker as we ordered them and each time tasted differently. So I just stopped drinking. One bartender should make the drinks for the guests they are helping. It was also really weird the bartender who made my second drink after making it just sat next to us at the bar and indulged in her meal....It was either she was working off the clock or eating at the bar while being paid...don't know which one but if you work there you prob shouldn't take up a seat at a small bar when there are paying customers who would want to sit there. It was a a weird situation....On to the food. One of the bartenders knew some knowledge on veganism so I felt safe in getting the Hot Flavor Sesame Noodle.Pickled Kale, Broccoli (unreal flavor), Garlic, Chile and Sesame Bark. The food defiantly saved this experience, the bar experience was awkward. Next time I'll probably sit at a table. I would like to try the carrots next time they looked pretty good and she said they were vegan."}, {"review_id": "-lpxCsefdtslyhYK8txtuw", "user_id": "jp1YRQWxuuE43mso6wiWlA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/23/2018", "text": "I am so pleased that North has found a bigger spot Downtown next to the Dean Hotel. They needed space badly. There are now multiple options for seating- sit at the bar, at a private table or at communal bench seating. We elected to sit at a private table, since that is more our style on date night. We sat right by the large windows facing fountain street. Our server was very prompt with our drinks, taking our order and bringing our food to the table. No complaints there. We ended up ordering the dan dan noodles, beef tongue, crispy brussels sprouts and ham biscuits. Everything was delicious as expected. My husband complained that the servings were small- but he says that everywhere. He understood that dishes are meant to be shared, but he doesn't like sharing. I also appreciate how they offered 8 oz. sizes for many of their beer offerings. I don't drink as much as I used to and really wanted to try a new beer, but I need something smaller- more \"my size\". 8 oz. was perfect. Highly recommend North for those that enjoy Asian fusion, but want the creativity and brightness of fresh flavors."}, {"review_id": "2XNVusQ_GPI0sTx5v4urZw", "user_id": "iTYMt65AoQUWlly38D0Hzw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/27/2017", "text": "What can I say about North that hasn't already been said? Nothing! Aside from the fact that they did just move downtown (now located inside the Dean Hotel), and I think it will be great for them.People are going to complain about finding parking now for sure, but they doubled if not tripled the capacity (so get over it!! :) )While I'm sure there will still be waits, it will be less waiting than before. They have an open kitchen now!! With a bar that wraps around the open area!! And most importantly, the food is still the wonderful North food. Red wine and Coke still on the menu. Oyster. Tiny ham biscuits. Dan Dan noodles. I'm glad the old standbys remain, but I'm also curious to see what they will do now that they have additional space. Tldr; North moved and is where Faust was, but still very much North (thankfully). Don't complain about parking, it's a city. You will probably not wait as long as before. Yay!"}, {"review_id": "4jb2VMNWFaYEusi2TZCwjg", "user_id": "hT2Mw5m_SXBDVBuvA3KY-w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "7/20/2017", "text": "Wildly creative Asian fusion plated beautifully. .. When I scrolled through the photos and saw Mr. Lagasse dining, I knew this place had to be good. North is tucked away in a random residential neighborhood. The restaurant itself is pretty small, maybe seating 15 people. Plates are meant to be shared. I suggest 2 dishes person. I love trying new combinations of spices and textures. Each dish provided a pleasantly unfamiliar take on common ingredients.The Dan Dan Noodles had perfect chew and heat from the fermented chili. Who would expect a blueberry sauce to compliment Bluefish?. ..or broccoli purèe spiced with cumin to be delicious with Striped Bass? Well it all worked. In fact everything brought to our table harmonized seamlessly as if it were a prix fixe menu. North is appropriate for special occasions or even a casual quick bite. The servers are hipsters, but in a cool way. Be sure to order the Tiny Ham Biscuits and the Yellow Can Sake."}, {"review_id": "xKwHDWs1Scc_aZhKAHa3UA", "user_id": "67YrvmdkWqC0arqgt0obJQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/9/2017", "text": "This place has such a comfortable homey vibe and the food is delicious. We ordered the oysters, dan dan noodles, and bass. The oysters were absolutely phenomenal and their homemade hot sauce was delicious! I honesty wish they bottled it because it was so good. The dan dan noodles are also good but!.... they are NOT dan dan noodles. I am a little upset that they used the name when they had no semblance to dan dan noodles. 1) there are no actual noodles. There are rice cakes, but no noodles. 2) the sauce is like a spicy bolognese sauce. It WILL taste like spaghetti. I'm not saying that you should NOT order the dan dan noodles, because they are quite tasty! However, to call this dish dan dan noodles is quite confusing and not correct. The bass was also very good! It is charred and will taste a bit burned, but still so tender nonetheless. I didn't like the congee because it isn't /actually/ congee and very dry. There is a strong vinegar taste to it that I personally could not handle. But I'm sure someone else who likes vinegar would enjoy it.All in all, this place was pretty good and the people who work there were so nice. The atmosphere is beautiful and they're open on mondays ( not sure why a lot of restaurants in providence are closed on mondays??)."}, {"review_id": "drZPCDurPdSn_-kqqryJ9w", "user_id": "zVDW41JEdZcWi5tcj5Uh1A", "rating": 2.0, "date": "2/24/2018", "text": "Didn't eat here yet (not sure if it'll happen), but after being told that the wait will be about and hour, and having already waited for over 2 hours, I feel like the 1-star is well-deserved. Because guess what? It's part of my customer experience, and it blows. Want to fix it? Add a proper reservation system to your business.Updated: the food was pretty good - so I bumped it from 1 star to 2. Making your customers wait for 2 hours without any kind of reservation system is still inexcusable."}, {"review_id": "L54KYctyBXRz_j6R642ssg", "user_id": "0TNyOXE2DGoM30bIuKOfkA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/11/2018", "text": "Went here Friday evening! This was my friend time here at the new location! I was so pleased to see that the space was so much bigger! When we first got there we were told it was a 30-45m wait so we put our names in and went next door for a drink... I noticed that there were empty places at the bar area in the back.... we went next door and while we received our drink I got a call that our table was ready. Although I was happy to know we didn't have to wait as long why was there such confusion on the wait time... once seated very good experience! Love love the food and watching our food be prepared from the open kitchen area! Everyone seemed so professional and looks like the staff is all about customer service! We ordered oysters for app! They were excellent very fresh medium sized and came with delicious sauce. I got the spicy miso noodles which were phenomenal I didn't want it to end and my friend got the Dan Dan noodles which also was amazing! Come here for sure in the new location at the dean hotel!"}, {"review_id": "CbT3Mxvia_68rhqs6w6jJA", "user_id": "uFROZ82Pjwc7vJ6-ySS6yA", "rating": 1.0, "date": "3/21/2018", "text": "I've been waiting to try this establishment since a year ago and I had been recently presented the chance. The food was very sub-par and over salted while the service was friendly but slow. Also I feel as though the prices seem low but for the little amount you get, it is very expensive. I would like to note that some of the chefs do not wear gloves when handling the food (not the plate) they are about to serve to you. I may have to give this restaurant another chance in the future to see if trying different items on the menu will be more satisfying."}, {"review_id": "vxuZCi_k7faEJJENx8FlsQ", "user_id": "QJDhPJshjSfubbBJ_pd6Uw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/22/2017", "text": "Is north worth waiting in line for? Yes!Go for romantic night or birthday? Not recommendGo for casual dinning? Yes!Everyone in the family loves Dan Dan Noodles. Love the spiciness. Desserts are good but not 5/5 Stars. Dan Dan Noodles: 5 Stars Clams: 5Oysters: 4+Grilled squid: 4+ Bluefish: 4+Tiny ham and biscuits: 4Chicken thigh: 4Crispy Brined Cauliflower: 4 if you like veggiesMarinated mushrooms: 3Blondie or squash cake: 4Chocolate Cake: 3 : cake is very moist but nothing stands out. I dine there a few times. Normally went when they open at 5:30 pm. On the weekend, the line starts to form before 5 pm. With 6-7 small tables that can hold ~20 people + 5 people at the bar, you have to come before 5:15 pm on Saturday. The food is unique. Can't find anything in RI like them."}, {"review_id": "mfdHv2D2h7VVDL3yjKPY6A", "user_id": "ipufOJoH3twOp3lkpUQeJA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "8/22/2017", "text": "I was in Providence for two nights and of course, I made it a point to have dinner at North.  Located in a relatively quiet West side of town, North has an unassuming exterior but features some of the most creative Asian fusion dishes I've had.  Even at 8 on a Monday night, there was a 25 minute wait, but I was more than happy to put my name and number down.I tried out the tiny ham biscuits ($6/3), the Dan Dan noodles ($14), the crispy chicken thigh ($13), and the hot flavor sesame noodles ($12).  Each dish was unique and presented different flavors.  The tiny ham biscuits were buttery and rich, with a honey mustard and ham filling.  The Dan Dan noodles came next, and featured grilled Korean rice cakes with mutton, squid, fermented greens, and pepper.  It had a bit of a spicy kick, but was nothing unbearable.  The crispy chicken thighs were, surprisingly, the lightest dish of the meal.  They came with crunchy greens, shaved zucchini, and a yogurt sauce of some sort - nice and refreshing after the spicy noodles.  Finally, the hot flavor sesame noodles came with pickled greens, charred broccoli, and semisweet sesame biscuits, which added a crunchy texture. All the dishes complemented each other nicely and balanced each other out.  For $27/person, I couldn't really ask for a better meal.  The decor is beautiful and the Christmas lights adorning the ceiling makes for an intimate meal in a small space.  North gets an A+ in my book."}, {"review_id": "s0hs4AkECkf71JOijZXWLw", "user_id": "sfel3yPwPqMMEZ2E9-EApA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/15/2017", "text": "North in Luongo Sq is the place to go to when you're working late and everything else is closed, besides Cheesecake Factory and fast food joints. My bf and I enjoy coming here due to their interior decor. It's nice, cute, and cozy with a stone bar to seat your right away...with Christmas lights hanging from the ceiling. They also shuck clams and oysters at the bar and placed on top of ice on the stone bar...no huge metal plate in your way. The restaurant consists of maybe four to five small tables along the right side after you walk in and two booth styles on the left with a couple tables in between. The two ladies we usually see working at night is the definition of customer service...they greet and treat us very kind and well. What did we order? Well, I always get 1/2 dozen little necks (6/ $6). I think we've ordered everything on the menu. OH! The reason I gave it 4 stars is b/c of the pricing...that's all. We always get their tiny ham biscuits, comes in 3 pieces and is a Must each time. I loved their wild mushroom salad. Potatoes or Bravas that seem popular the other night b/c I heard the server say, \"I'm selling the last order of Bravas.\" Their ramen wasn't bad at all and I liked how they incorporated squash into it...gave it that sweet flavor I like in my soups. But basically, can't go wrong with their food menu...everything is good but a little pricey for me. Their drinks?! Idky but I can't help it and watch the bartender making every single drink. So much ingredients and love goes into making them! My favorite is the Poppea drink...Don't ask me what's in it...just order it!"}, {"review_id": "F0f5sTCmTXtBnEWGTRKoGg", "user_id": "FFHkJwWxLVREFx0lISOjoQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/17/2018", "text": "I've eaten here once and really enjoyed it! I could see myself updating this to 5 stars if I get a chance to come back. I'd describe the food less as fusion and more as like... gastropub Chinese? \"New Chinese\" (like \"New American\")? Idk, whatever, it was good.Really loved: tiny ham biscuits, oysters, miso cabbageAlso good: spicy pork sweet potato noodlesWouldn't order again: celeriac pudding dessert (too savory, which I usually like in a dessert)The service and drinks were good, and the atmosphere was casual but still interesting. I didn't really love sitting right next to another party at a communal table, but I guess it allows them to sit more people so I can't complain.This has nothing to do with the food and I didn't factor it into my review, but I also appreciate how much the owner thinks about the social dynamics of his business. A huge eye-roll to everyone accusing him of appropriation... the dude's [half] Chinese."}, {"review_id": "CLlix_x5kqAvdrU10GS8kw", "user_id": "9hCTRqCAgGdtUy3atGg0IQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/25/2017", "text": "(Vegan review) I came in here on a whim one day and I am glad I did. The soap stone bar is really cool. And the service is awesome. I asked my waitress, Emily, what was vegan and she knew off the top of her head. It was awesome. I got the Hot flavor sesame noodles because I a sucker for spice and they didn't disappoint! I loved the little sesame candy too. I love finding new vegan options in the city that are outside of the Grange/Garden Grille circle."}, {"review_id": "WlKKmf-7EX6Wxt2OhQ-RmA", "user_id": "vUTtfMp_L_p4hIWzg_sqPw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/3/2018", "text": "I have come across so many culinary gems in Providence which has given me new perspective on various world cuisines and food in general. Sadly, this ain't one of those. My gf heard a lot of good buzz about this place which brought us there. I really wanted to like this place but I was underwhelmed. The ambiance was fine, don't care about that much. The quality of food however was quite uneven. Dan Dan noodles were great but they served baby portions. The biscuit sliders were creative but a little greasy for my liking.I had never tried the hainanese chicken before so I went for it. Now I wish I hadn't. I think the dish is just not my thing but they didn't really do much to help it either. It comes with chicken broth which I didn't dare to touch and chicken was incredibly bland. Overall, I thought the place was OK. I want to give it another try as I am curious about some of the other menu items. Actually, on second thought.....I am probably never coming back here."}, {"review_id": "Dp8kRxd9WVE57dknkZhhuQ", "user_id": "5HZl6hUUNB-FoXIJENWd6w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/10/2017", "text": "Small, busy spot, with eclectic clientele and decor (loved decor!). Had to wait 40 mins or so, went across the street to the Avery for a drink (read review). A bit loud, but not bad. Server was polite, attentive and informative about the menu. Regret not ordering the whole sea robin in tempura.... looked delicious when served to adjacent table! Had the ceviche, which changes according to what's fresh and available. Recall it was sea bassthe night I was there. Very nicely done. Also had the black sea bass dinner, cooked perfectly, and quite delicious."}, {"review_id": "aSCvTtSOigHcjZJqPxHHAg", "user_id": "z46UJNavi1vQANHly2BAUg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/5/2018", "text": "Been coming here for a while now, really disappointed they took off the Brussels Sprouts... :/ Other than that the foods always bomb. Am i the only one who noticed the Hot Sesame Noodles taste different than before? Still good but def taste different."}, {"review_id": "6LkAJ-6zKjYdjG4UMxkCSw", "user_id": "02X4sOOyYI9Ka51adl6vOw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/20/2018", "text": "One of my favorite places in Providence. Their Den Den noodles are to die for. I love that they are always switching up their menu with fresh new dishes."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/north-providence?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]