[[{"review_id": "dsUvY_ajHS7LlYyFksf4vg", "user_id": "i9n5Gic1Ub1-IBxAaWkvkQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "My first visit to Marchetti's was a great experience.  There was a 30 minute wait at 5:30pm on a Saturday but it wasn't a problem.  We were seated out in the patio which was heated.  It was a great alternative with no wait.  Our server was Eric and he really was great.  Not just with us but with all his tables.  Very friendly and responsive.  I enjoyed watching him interact with the children.  He is great at his job and owners, if you are reading this, give Eric a Raise - He Deserves IT!The food was great.  I underestimated the portion sizes.  They are absolutely huge and can feed a family of 4.  My husband had Fettuccini Alfredo with mushrooms, tomato and spinach. I had the Eggplant Parm with pasta.  Plus you have a really tasty salad, bread and we ordered stuffed mushrooms.  So much food.  Most of the entree was boxed up for tomorrow (and probaby Monday too!).  I can understand why some say it is basic but it is basic done well.  We will be back again.  Thanks for making a belated birthday dinner a treat!"}, {"review_id": "Jn7slW4Mu2q19J3oDQLYpg", "user_id": "lOJn1pYsRPW8m_0Sjsv4Kw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "Always a great meal! Always pleasant waitstaff. The portions are incredibly large!! You will absolutely be bringing home leftovers. The place is crazy busy so you'll be waiting a bit but again so worth it. My suggestion is to go anywhere from 3 to 3:30 and even then you'll be waiting about 20 minutes.  The menu is very extensive as far as pasta and choices of seafood dishes. We had the calamari ala mama!! It's so good!!!!! A salad came next bread and garlic infused oil.     The main course was a pasta Alfredo with broccoli and the other was veal parmigiana. Both were delicious!  There's a fairly large parking lot but be careful because cars are coming in and out from both ends.  Very happy with everything. Go enjoy happy eating!"}, {"review_id": "k7_-Qv0q-yQ0ox9KxIJ_zA", "user_id": "gEzbftQ8EbyOMhkKD4N38Q", "rating": 1.0, "date": "2/10/2018", "text": "I just don't get what the appeal is. The food is basic. Customer service sucks. They don't care about their customers at all. The lines out the door are ridiculous and the wait list is so long. The parking lot isn't big enough and there is no valet. The parking lot has huge pot holes that have been there forever and it isn't all paved either. The intercom system they use to announce your name when it's time to be seated, projects throughout the restaurant so there is zero atmosphere. The portion sizes are huge but the food has no flavor. The bathrooms are hilariously small for the amount of people they are drawing in. In the men's room, there was one bathroom stall and two urinals. The bathroom stall wasn't even private because there is a huge gap between the wall and door so it was very hard to do my business when everyone who washes their hands in the sink turned around and stared right into my eyes through the huge gap in the door, before they awkwardly averted their eyes and walked out. If the food didn't make me sick, I wouldn't have used the bathroom because it's just so uncomfortable. We tried twice to get a table. The first time was a Friday night and there was 2.5 hour wait for a table at 5 pm. With a wait this long, you would think they would turn on the heaters in their three season room and fill up those tables, but nope. They made people wait in the lobby and outside in below freezing temps. They don't even have a Buzzer or text message system. You just have to wait to hear your name announced on the intercom (which mind you is super annoying and tacky when you are trying to enjoy your dinner and the names on the intercom keep getting called out on the speakers throughout the restaurant. We didn't wait the 2.5 hours. We decided to try another time. So the next time we decided to book a reservation and get there right when they open at 4 pm. We thought this would be terrific but it wasn't. The lines were already starting to form. The front desk hostesses have their hands full immediately as the door opens and already they are in the weeds just by opening the door. They sat us quickly because we had made a reservation but the service was a little slow but the waitress was nice. She brought the salad for the table by but they were all out of Tongs to serve the salad. Remember now, they just opened the doors so if they didn't have tongs for the salad bowls for all the tables, now, then they just don't have enough tongs. They gave us ordinary size spoons to serve the salad which didn't work at all. The salads only have 1 dressing option, Italian. Our group all ordered different foods. The portion sizes were huge however, nothing tasted good. There is no flavor to their chicken. Most of the dishes are drenched in sauce that you can't even taste the food. The mashed potatoes were literally tasteless. If it weren't for the bad gravy on top, I wouldn't have tasted anything. The scallops in my Alfredo were the tiny little bay scallops, not that it mattered because there was so much sauce, you couldn't taste the seafood anyway. They had no gluten free options at all. They serve in plastic cups and have paper napkins. This may sound nit picking a bit but honestly, if you are going to make people wait 2.5 hours to get a table, at least make it an experience worth waiting for. It just seems like the owners know this is a cash cow and don't bother putting any TLC into their food or their facility. They just take your money and you are out the door with a box of leftovers that would last you a few days but you aren't even sure you want to stomach it a second time."}, {"review_id": "yZ7PGN2onJRpXPfciifMyQ", "user_id": "WjpLrH6Hw9qoM-or2-0MGA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "We went here for a birthday and it was great. We had to wait about 15minutes after our reservation but it was so busy and we had a large table you could expect anything else. Our servers were awesome, she was attentive and everything came out timely. The bread and garlic olive oil with  the salad was a very nice start. The house dressing used was just amazing, it was so flavorful, I just loved it. I ordered the tortellini carbonara with breaded chicken and it was pretty good. I thought it could of used a tad more salt to bring out all the flavors and something to lighten up the heavy cream taste like some fresh herbs or a little bit of acidity. Overall it was delicious and well worth the price. The portions of the food is so wonderful, it gave me 3 or 4 meals including eating there. Lol. I hope to be back to at least buy their house dressing they sell"}, {"review_id": "vEDEcOSowQLBcFsEC-ldqw", "user_id": "Sf5Yf-mKTlalpmXNFRhSug", "rating": 2.0, "date": "4/23/2018", "text": "All quantity lower quality.  The are generous with their pasta dishes, but pasta is 80 cents a box, so they give you the entire box.  Order baked stuffed shrimp & see if they are as generous. Also, an authentic Italian restaurant serves fresh home made pasta made with egg, not boxed preservatives.  No self respecting Italian will eat here.  Lower class image, from the atmosphere to fake bleached blonds."}, {"review_id": "Me7M1MmrjoVjjY97OOWLaQ", "user_id": "hs1d0tqvBCj19jD-TwnAag", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "This is probably my favorite Italian place in town! The service is always top notch and the food is out of this world! Come hungry the portions are more than generous and you will be taking some home with you. I would suggest a reservation and I would suggest being punctual. Great wine selection as well as a full bar to choose from. If your looking for a filling night out go here! Enjoy!"}, {"review_id": "aKoIanxHJwOnNhXJOjL7XA", "user_id": "A7_RUaX9r9CfNbPdhI_6Jg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/29/2017", "text": "Solid Italian American food. This place is a RI institution. I mean what else can you say about a place that is full to capacity everyday, all day?!This isn't fine dining Italian. It's down home Americanized Italian cooking with HUGE quantities. I can't stress enough how large the portion sizes are here. You aren't coming here for the high end ingredients and an unrivaled culinary experience... you are coming here because it's priced right, it's good, and you will have endless leftovers. I hadn't set foot in here since my childhood and it looked just like it did in the 90's... except even more packed and even larger in size. We came in during a busy time on a Saturday night on a whim and were told about a 30-40 minute wait. I asked if there was a bar or bar seating and we were able to snag a high top table. Fair warning- there is a lot of foot traffic and it's a bit congested in the bar so people will be very close to you. Doesn't bother me so we were fine with this and it saved us 30-40 minutes of waiting. Server was sweet and attentive and clearly very busy in this jamming restaurant. I ordered the Chicken Milanese  which is a breaded chicken cutlet in a creamy cheesy sauce oven baked with even more cheese. My hunny ordered the fettuccini alfredo with shrimp. My meal came with choice of pasta or potato and vegetable. I opted for the double vegetable instead. Tonight it happened to be a delicious butternut squash and broccoli au gratin. Before the meal is served, they bring Italian bread with olive oil that is served warm with fresh garlic and pepper. YUM. Can't forget the signature salad which is served family style. Bread and oil- good. Salad- good (house dressing is really good).Meal- good, hot, hearty and huge.Kind of hard to understand the bad reviews here. Go try this place for yourself!"}, {"review_id": "2lwExpirH4X86kBt38T-zA", "user_id": "jMN2YFqWA4EiN2bbxFkvfQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/3/2018", "text": "The place is cozy. We were attended right away. However, it took almost an hour for our order to be served. The chicken wings were excellent. We really love it. We didn't expect that the portions were huge. The waiter even told me \"goodluck with that\". Overall, I would recommend Marchetti's Restaurant."}, {"review_id": "QVwhSjgwNR59neABw1YQSA", "user_id": "jbt1Z2k6tbs-xzZOZE9GTw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/21/2018", "text": "Marchetti's is great. The decor is straight out of the 80s. They give you way too much for. Free bread, free salad. Calamari was great and bountiful. The pasta was literally 3 meals worth of food! We showed up early to beat the rush, glad we did, when we left the line was out the door! Only ding i can give them is that they don't have draft beer. But they do have a great wine list."}, {"review_id": "GVMy039urT1UwaSUZ6-Nhw", "user_id": "BiYQXXjDBs85L4SbQlEJjQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/4/2018", "text": "Amazing authentic Italian foodI been going to this restaurant for 4 years amazing food. I usually ordered the stuffed shrimp with alfredo pasta or chicken alfredo. Price is good and the portion is amazing. You should definitely go here if you love Italian best house salad I have ever had. Italian dressing is delicious! I spent about $15 to $20 range. Good place for a date, celebration or speacial ocasion. Make sure you make a reservation you will still hAve 20 min wait but it's better than an hour wait for walk in."}, {"review_id": "R9OX1UB50nlQgTwre_3Gqg", "user_id": "MuGxIIrcGJ7FnxU7kTPNBw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "8/30/2017", "text": "How have I never been to Marchetti's before today!? My first impression that there is certainly not enough parking. I put my name, was told a few moments. My table was almost given away even though I was standing there for 20 minutes. The hostess said I had just got there...  Anyways...Based off of the pictures provided from yelp I ordered the chicken Milanese and it did not disappoint. So cheesy and delicious. I also got a side of meatballs and they were very tasty. The meat sauce was amazing, I typically don't like red sauce. Dinner comes with warm bread and salad. For $16 you can't go wrong. Dinner was so good I grabbed a dessert to go. Kevin our waiter was attentive, filled drinks without needing to be asked. He alsp boxed our plates up with ease, all four poinds of it lol. All the servers were hussling. This will definitely be my go to casual Italian place from now on."}, {"review_id": "92GLu311zOLtdLAH5v2pwA", "user_id": "GtMg9Ooc2ykPD0OV5P3pzw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/1/2017", "text": "Omg. This is what Italian foodie dreams are made of. It doesn't get any better..... except maybe if the bread came out warm. The portions are insane, the sauce is ah-mazing. And you will NOT need any meals for the following day (it's dinner & lunch & almost dinner again on one portion). Pricing is more than fair and the staff proves they work their tails off. We love coming here when we are back in the old isle of Rhodes. Miss it like crazy & would pay big $$$ for shipped food if they could do it...."}, {"review_id": "-XC8UIJ6dIHmQdffIfSziA", "user_id": "uLXvgBQeoFmRCGUFUgbrlw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/4/2018", "text": "Always good food and portions. Unfortunately, prices have gone up 15% recently.  They should change the prices online. Staff is top notch and move quick. For some reason the tap water tastes awful and now I always order bottled water instead.Salad is very fresh.Usually crowded, but worth the wait."}, {"review_id": "TT5mugVj9v9c0GODj9wSOw", "user_id": "OlQYzw2iBw6Rq2AkOw86hA", "rating": 2.0, "date": "6/11/2017", "text": "I was visiting a friend in the area who was very excited to bring us to this spot, especially since I am a huge fan of pasta. There was ample parking in the attached lot and additional street parking. We arrived a few minutes before our reservation time. Good thing we made a reservation because the place was packed even before 6pm. Be ready for a very long wait time, that is if you can track down the hostess who is rarely even at the hostess stand. We gave them the reservation name and were told our table would be ready shortly. But after half an hour and seeing several other tables seated, we went to remind them we were still waiting. We were told we would receive the next table, but that didn't happen either as another half hour passed and a handful of other patrons were seated. I was most upset since the hostess snapped at my friend when she went back up to ask why even with a reservation we had to wait an hour after our reservation time. It was clear they skipped over our table when looking at the reservation list, but we didn't even get an apology, only attitude. Not a great start to our dining experience. We started with the calamari, which was delicious. I like spicy food and enjoyed the flavorful spicy sauce that came with their house calamari. We also received a family style salad with our meals which held us over until the entrees arrived. All I have to say is, HUGE pasta portions! Each dish was certainly enough for multiple meals, and good for sharing. I ordered the Penne Pink Vodka with chicken. My friends got the Fettuccine Alfredo and Eggplant Parmesan (which also comes with an equally huge \"side\" pasta). The Alfredo sauce was good, but didn't quite do it for me so I'm glad I stuck with the Vodka sauce. We left full and with leftovers enough for a second dinner. Moral of this story: food was good, portions are huge, but the hostess was extremely rude and unhelpful and you'll likely wait an unnecessary amount of time before you get the chance to enjoy your dinner."}, {"review_id": "PacU4ne4vz73qQdETCOrhw", "user_id": "K4RCItibPXqphGP-Oo7xJw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/14/2017", "text": "Always a great meal here at this Cranston institution. I have been coming here for about 22 of the 35 they have been open, going several times a year. My personal favorites are the chicken penee', veal parm, chicken francais' and veal cutlet with gravy.As everyone mentions, portion sizes are huge and you will get at least one more meal even if you are a big eater. Two reasons for only four stars: The hours have been seriously trimmed over the past few years. The only day they open during lunch hours is on Sunday. Service can be a little spotty at times, as I'm sure some of the servers are overwhelmed by thr volume and turnover. I've heard rumors that they won't be open forever as the younger generation doesn't want to continue the business. I hope this is not the case!"}, {"review_id": "UvTGb3j1fNc51cKqOrDt8Q", "user_id": "6bdI2LEtWxDIyNSPvdGzLw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/7/2018", "text": "This is the best Italian food I've ever had! Seafood is always fresh, and the sauces and pastas are perfection! The sangrias are huge and to die for! Great service too... best waiters in town!"}, {"review_id": "TBPoMuIsIFZ3HB2yLWbceQ", "user_id": "ddM7Y145kXxePkAinHlg_Q", "rating": 1.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "RACISIT RESTAURANT DISRESPECTFUL they do not deserve your money or your time they are very rude the food gets you sick I gave it a chance 3 times and it always made me feel sick!! I told the manager DAVE what the problem is he had the nerve to say YOU PEOPLE! Making fun of my race that we always complain? But I never ever said anything about the food before! Just a horrible experience you save ur money to basically get slapped in the face ... ignore this restaurant!"}, {"review_id": "lyRhIUwcWItZVIdhu4qdvw", "user_id": "84VhjLo7IUBHzv26Dsjhcg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/2/2017", "text": "-What a place -the service was unbelievable made me & 9 other people I was with feel like we're celebrities. If that was an enough The drinks sangria, martinis , Salad, calamari , meatball, then entrée 3-4 lbs Of pasta, 4 pounds of veal , 3 pounds of chicken , 2 pounds of pork chop, couple of dozen Rolls. And pounds of cheese. Alfredo sauce very good -red sauce extremely well done. I went there with my aunts Who are all great cooks. Who rarely eat out very old-school. They loved it. Argentine cowboys Boston ma....."}, {"review_id": "yGzAusm-dQOW0lc3Olc1Ww", "user_id": "AVNOaySDmQGEh4BEkXdaeQ", "rating": 1.0, "date": "1/23/2018", "text": "More like -150000..... do they still recycle food? Hummmm. I know it's been at least a decade ( that I'm aware of) but all set with eating other people's spit"}, {"review_id": "8kwjUjuN9TMB5t81ebgR3Q", "user_id": "Z3x_BEOcuSNa2Ogwj4mbLg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/22/2017", "text": "We were a party of 13 on a Saturday night. Both of our servers were excellent. They explained the menu, answered questions and gave recommendations. They were patient and always checked to see if we needed anything. All of our food was good. The portions are huge. We would definitely go back."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/marchettis-restaurant-cranston?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]