[[{"review_id": "9TsArTaIe9vLKn8ktt8dNQ", "user_id": "btxTINxSX4x0dGFJyL3Lcw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "Love, love, love this place! Been here many times with business guests and took my girlfriend for her first time (it's at least 90 minutes from home). Took a ride on a sunny Saturday afternoon and had a late lunch. Started with oysters; they had 4 kinds and we couldn't decide - so we got 2 of each! ( apologies - forgot to photo until after we enjoyed them so only an \"after\" pic!!). They were all great! Very cold, crisp and fresh. We enjoyed them all but the Cotuit's were our least favorite ( more brine than salty). Overall - delicious and a great start. Next we shared a bowl of lobster bisque. BIG mistake - should have ordered my own !!!! Fantastic - the best!!! Piping hot (yeah!) and chunks of lobster served on top, in the middle so I can stir it in myself but admire the beauty first. We both order bisque everywhere - and we hit seafood restaurants all over the place - and this bisque was as good as any. Creamy and flavorful with all that meat served perfectly.Next we had our entrees - I had the crab cake platter and she had a warm lobster roll. The crab cake was ever so slightly over cooked - so a tad drier and crispy on the outside than normal. Still, very, very good and about as good as you'll find outside of Baltimore...where I frequent a lot and live on crab cakes when I'm there! The lobster roll was delicious. Warm, buttery and tender. Not chewy at all as some previously frozen lobster can get. Our sides and bread were also terrific as was the service. I love this place and our meal, while $84 for lunch without drinks is expensive ($105 with tip), it was a very nice treat. I've had the crab cakes here before and this was the first time they were slightly over cooked, but not enough so to knock them down from 5-Star status. A magnificent lunch - bravo!"}, {"review_id": "3oLunVd53IzoJeDVz4AttQ", "user_id": "M6id0az7Q4wJUZyZHibkTg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "My colleagues have been raving about this place during their last business trip to Rhode Island. So when the opportunity presented itself to fly with them on next business trip to Rhode Island, I jumped on it without hesitation. We even booked our hotel right across from the restaurant...LOL!This unpretentious, but utterly delicious restaurant shows off the region's bounty to great effect. The restaurant's casual warm appearance is exemplified by the dark wood tones, yellow/blue wall colors and leather seats. They offer both booths and tables, including large bar counter.The menu is extensive, offering an array of seafood and non-seafood dishes at reasonable prices. They even serve gluten free items, including some fried seafood dishes and non dairy chowder. Seafood is always fresh, sourced from local suppliers. We've dined here several occasions and it never disappoints. Every meal we had here always started out with bowl of clam chowder. Perfectly prepared and served at right temperature. Good amounts of clams and tasty bits to put a smile on your face. The complimentary bread is hard to pass up and so addictingly good. I had baked lobster on my first visit and it was excellent. Good size 2lb lobster at market price $60. It was packed with ample shrimp and scallop stuffing. The cioppino is another fantastic dish. Bountiful portions and quite yummy. It's comes with toasted bread which is perfect for dipping into the wonderful red sauce. Love the lobster roll here. it's packed with scrumptious amount of meat and buttery toasted bread. Sides include fries and cole slaw, but can be easily substituted for other side items.Everything was awesome! Service was great as well, friendly and attentive. They didn't mind diving our bill, so we can keeps tabs of our expenses. Would definitely come back here."}, {"review_id": "sA3FGc0aMdzUkLmi_NPrMg", "user_id": "94IKjzbvzGAqqKOCNvuJjg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/28/2018", "text": "I am on a Keto diet and looking for places to eat can sometimes be cumbersome, especially while traveling and you are not familiar with the area.  I decided a seafood place was probably safe and I was correct in my assumptions.  I got there before the dinner crowd around 4:30 and was seated promptly. I ordered my meal... Surf and Turf with shrimp and scallops... and it came out reasonable quick and very tasty.  The service was good as the waiter was observant to the level of my water glass and my progress on dinner. I didn't have to ask for anything, not even the check.There is one thing to be mindful of is the parking. It's a small lot and while I was able to get in and park right away I noticed a few people leaving because they couldn't find parking and I was stalked on the way to the car as I was leaving."}, {"review_id": "yHOh8Ku-ICyKmqHRoFZ0hQ", "user_id": "8FQzr-OHXLdqTWtrzAkoog", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/27/2018", "text": "Umm! Yes! Please!I would go back to Warwick, Rhode Island just to have a meal at Legal Seafood... only if I knew Keith B. could be my waiter again. So it was Friday around 3PM when my best friend and I walked over to Legal Seafood from the Radisson next door. We were starving and in search of a quick bite. The place was empty and we were not sure of it was open. We were treated by the host and then seated. Keith B made us feel very welcome and his knowledge of the menu and a legal Seafood itself was very very impressive! We had the Thai Mussels.... DELICIOUS! Up next was a taste of the Clam Chowder... WOWZERS!!! Then we shared an order of the Nutty Salmon (almond encrusted, sautéed in a lemon capers butter sauce, mushroom ravioli and spinach) It was very filing and tasty! Oh and we also had the KALE! Who knew Kale with yogurt could be soooooo good! If you are here ask for Keith B! He will make sure you are well taken care of!"}, {"review_id": "D96sATgm0Ao73gJSjPBLvQ", "user_id": "UhlC-NotLG1Esuqc_P-2Mw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/18/2017", "text": "Legal Sea Foods is an excellent dinner option for those in or around the Warwick, RI. If you like seafood, and want to eat somewhere that is a step up from your run of the mill Red Lobster, this is the place to go. The service here is ok, but what keeps us returning is the food!The location and Once Inside:   At this location there are both tables and benches offering a variety of seating arrangements to fit your needs. There is also plenty of parking. The design is simple. What is expected at a seafood restaurant. It is clean and spacious. Both times when I've gone lately, it has been rather empty which is a surprise. The location leaves much to desire, however being on a main road it is convenient and easy to locate the restaurant.The Food:   Legal Sea Foods is a class above red lobster and other sea food chains. Their prices do reflect this, however you are getting more for your money when coming here, so don't let the prices persuade you otherwise. They have special deals on oysters for specific days, so if you like oysters make sure to check it out! Their servings are also well proportioned. I was slightly let down with the bread they give you. It's basically dinner rolls, and were served at room temperature.  If you like lobster bisque I also suggest ordering it here, as it never disappoints. * They do have a few vegetarian options, so they are vegetarian friendly however do your research prior to going, as there aren't many vegetarian options to choose from"}, {"review_id": "1PwGXENDT6uKa54d9zA5Zw", "user_id": "Hy4yn4cIQCp37NcV2nn4fg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/17/2017", "text": "As someone who has a shellfish allergy (It's a miserable existence, trust me!) I was relieved that Legal had more to offer than just fresh shellfish from the bay and reconstituted grilled chicken. I took a leap of faith and got the salmon rice bowl, subbing tofu for the salmon. I have to say, I really was blown away. The tofu was firm, well seasoned, and seared to have a little crisp. The gochujang and kimchi were exactly what they should have been and definitely comparable to what you'd find in actual Korean restaurants. Plating wise, I would have separated the cold seaweed salad from the hot rice and even hotter plate. Seriously though, I'm still beyond impressed that I found actually spicy kimchi in a New England restaurant. It would have been a 5 out of 5 had there not been and overwhelming initial atmosphere of greasy smoke. I'll definitely return should I find myself near the airport."}, {"review_id": "53qlcoQk5z9ALNayyXVyyg", "user_id": "Ekp7bv1c2FjzR9nuH1uTFg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/24/2017", "text": "Lobster bisque. 4/5 yummy creamy but not too creamy. Wish they gave more lobster meat. Lobster ravioli with shrimp. 5/5. The ravioli was filled with a lot of lobster meat. The red sauce was very tasty and had little spiciness. Raw oysters were very fresh and sweet."}, {"review_id": "GDu4vO_jacViC53wdWc7BQ", "user_id": "bXIqbxcr7eZ-YNMSfxLgEw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/1/2017", "text": "There is a reason Legal Sea Foods has the reputation it does. The whole experience was fantastic. We started with the lobster bisque. It was delicious with lumps of lobster throughout. Not too salty and a great texture. We ordered 4 oysters. Two Cranberry Cove and two Glidden Point. Both sets were just amazing. We love oysters so we're hard to disappoint but man, so good! Our entree was just the small steamed lobster with rice and mashed potatoes. The lobster was perfectly cooked and so meaty! It was a great pickin' fest. The sides were also yummy! We loved it! We wish we had one closer to us at home!"}, {"review_id": "9a6rVuJDYv2FoTmpKoV4ew", "user_id": "ufoB6tVkz1O0blZNvsfWpA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/12/2018", "text": "Excellent seafood and staff. Always consistent for fresh seafood.The only issue we have here is the prices are high. We ate the baked stuff lobster, medium size, and the cost was $52 for each one. The medium is supposed to be about 1.5 lbs. The menu says the small is 1.25 but we ordered a small for someone to go and it looked like our mediums we ate there. But it was $8 cheaper.Our server was great. The decor is not typical Legal, perhaps it's because it's across from the airport. We will be back for sure."}, {"review_id": "4qfk1PEW11uCXxPawhQnPw", "user_id": "U5yqdKmzMxaZshd-725f-w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/21/2018", "text": "This spot was good, but not astounding. I felt from the get-go the waiter was good, but too overbearing. You don't know me, so you don't know what I like. I always appreciate suggestions when I go to new restaurants, but when you give me 15 seconds to look at the menu then tell me I'm going to love X dish and take it as my order ... That's too much. So I told him to hold on and let me look at the menu, and when he came back I knew what I wanted and he said, \"Wait so we're getting Y dish? Or are we sticking with X dish?\" Well, I never said I wanted X dish, YOU said I wanted X dish. That was strange. I will say this place was overwhelmingly AMAZING with the seafood allergy my date has. I mean, for going to a seafood restaurant, we thought he'd have to eat salad and he was OK with that. But they did great and he got his meat, and I got my seafood. The seafood was good, but my sides (mashed potatos in particular) were lacking in seasoning. So I didn't like that. But overall, good experience, I would just like a more laid back waiter."}, {"review_id": "09ZVnzLu6gR4-rgLbLbwpQ", "user_id": "sfel3yPwPqMMEZ2E9-EApA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/17/2017", "text": "It's about time I write a review for Legal Sea Foods since I go there frequently. I've gone to the one in Boston and the one in Framingham before but this review is strictly for the Warwick, RI location since it's close to home. My bf & usually sit at the bar when it's just the two of us. The bartender is always welcoming and attentive--making sure we have everything we need. I don't know why I cannot remember his name but it's always the same guy bartender. I love the fact that we never feel rushed sitting at the bar as I'm eating every little morsel off my steamed lobster. Yes, I eat EVERYTHING...that's how you're supposed to eat your Lobster, not just the tail and claws. EVERYTHING inside the shell! Anywho, sometimes we go with the entire family - cousin, kids, and all and the waitresses always remember us. They're always very welcoming and greeting us with, \"Great to see you guys again. Good to have you back!\" I've ordered almost everything on the menu and I loved it except for one dish--swordfish picatta. It was a tad bland. But, everything else such as: Jumbo shrimp cocktail, Legal's signature crab cake, Point Judith calamari, hot lump crab dip, bang bang cauliflower, RI stuffies, Mussels Picatta (favorite), white chowder, red chowder, shrimp scampi, Anna's baked cod, seafood Fra Diavolo (favorite), Cioppino, Creekstone Sirloin, crabmeat roll, steamed lobster (favorite), lobster bake (favorite)! Everything was delicious! Of course we always get oysters and littlenecks too--very fresh and refreshing!"}, {"review_id": "cnZ2p4TrYGDCB33z0jurjA", "user_id": "pFkus4h_sMm3DOViYHS0TQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "First time here and it was amazing. As a seafood fanatic this will be one of my favs. I had the seafood trio and my wife had the lobster roll, both plates were well portioned. Nice quiet place to eat and the staff was great. I would recommend everyone try this place."}, {"review_id": "yyaxC3n-NjomiEH3fqf-eg", "user_id": "5QYJVsGZLB1P5EuA5W_8yQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/15/2017", "text": "Christa, Christa, Christa, thank you so much for making our visit to Legal Seafoods. We had the tuna bruschetta...oh my God ...look at how delicious  ...  Tuna cooked perfectly....tomatoes with onions and basil, the texture of the toasted italian bread was undeniably one of the best appetizers in my dining experiences in years...I could easily drop the mike and be very happy.  But the stuffed lobster and lobster roll with sides of asparagus and broccoli were awesome as well. The brown rice was a little too salty and not edible but didn't sway my thinking ... great service and great food...oh and great , great Pinot Grigio."}, {"review_id": "dt3yBVCMgqBe9rG1wS_63A", "user_id": "-iqsCB1lGfRCpiRKb_ILoA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/18/2017", "text": "Me lady and I went to one in Peabody a couple of years back and found out one was right near the house we just purchased! So we had to check it out! Great service super food and very close to home! A winning combination!!"}, {"review_id": "1ugZ4ZvxJCbHEDPPleVUqg", "user_id": "vV2aqOhdatAjAgQT5zWVpA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/17/2018", "text": "Too bad the ones in Long Island, NY closed.  It was good to have one near me when I was in Providence.  Portions were well sized and the mojito hit the spot!"}, {"review_id": "qBxH9Z_KZ5022qnPcOOqMA", "user_id": "2vue6eZQ_P2zbJXWDVW21Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/2/2017", "text": "Cozy spot on a cold day. Got the hot buttered lobster roll with a side of veggies and hot water because they didn't have tea (?). Chowda was delicious even though they don't make it there."}, {"review_id": "M6OdUtuObJyHmTL7rZzdyw", "user_id": "hNSeNhwHnSC7txnfNx-QnQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/22/2017", "text": "I visited this restaurant for the first time and was met by an inviting host. There was no wait, which is always a plus. The ambience was really nice and quite unexpected i.e. table clothes and cloth napkins. The waitress was very attentive and engaging. The food was good and the service was fast."}, {"review_id": "3zCuq3TyobaPBtqpz19dnw", "user_id": "FY_t03co42yzE0tClBHVhg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/12/2017", "text": "Legal Seafood happens to be one of my favorites and it has been for a long time. You can't go wrong here when it comes to quality seafood. I came in here recently for a birthday party with family. It was early on a Sunday afternoon and we brought our own chocolate cake (from Gregg's).Legal Seafood offers easy access parking, comfortable dining area, a nice bar, and well trained and hospitable staff. We put a lot of demands on our server from serving the cake, taking our picture (she volunteered), separate checks, and even an order to go for later. She handled everything wonderfully. I ordered the lobster bisque, which was fantastic, full of lobster chunks, not just broth like some places serve. For dinner I had grilled salmon with hollandaise sauce, Yukon gold mashed potatoes and spinach and a glass of Berringer White Zinfandel. Everything was excellent. They even brought fresh baked sour dough rolls. I would definitely recommend."}, {"review_id": "ZsypjJCC9kCeOAJ4YuqqgQ", "user_id": "YjkKxc-4YUpocSV0ieWmew", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/14/2017", "text": "Came here twice this week, and nothing disappoints, maybe my walnut salad was a bit tangy but hey I chalk that up to ordering a salad at a seafood place. Let me tell you the real deal, they have a great wine selection, the best stuffies  in the world, great fish tacos, and amazing clam cakes. The service is also outstanding, and price is reasonable."}, {"review_id": "j5Dx_EOFoJHmbxavHwstzQ", "user_id": "ZNIn9PC0sHumZ0r5PG8tLQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/10/2017", "text": "Had the ri clam chowder and the cold lobster roll. Both were very good. The lobster roll was full of sweet tasty lobster!  The service was great. A friendly and attentive waitress. Will definitely go back when in ri."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/legal-sea-foods-warwick-3?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]