[[{"review_id": "oDmj6kKXahdqoX8hdNc3ig", "user_id": "qDm4hQNNWRGIZBiLjnWSmg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/1/2018", "text": "I yelped restaurants near the Charleston historic district hotel where we stayed near the market and Customs House.  On our way to Florida from Maryland we stopped in Charleston to spend the night.  On the way south I yelped and we were extremely pleased with Magnolias that we booked through Open Table.  Given our success in round one, on our way north we spun the same wheel and this time selected S.N.O.B. (Slightly North Of Broad).  After I logged a four mile run around the Battery we headed toward the hotel and bellied up to the bar at High Cotton where Christine served us a pre-dinner drink and told us to ask for Jeff's section for dinner.  My wife had the Charleston Crab Soup while I started with the Steamed Mussels....excellent kick off.  For an appetizer we split the Beef Carpaccio that was frankly awesome.  For Dinner we split the New Bedford Scallops and we finished the evening off with the Banana Cream Pie.  The restaurant was beautiful, the staff was excellent, and the food was better.  Try it...you'll like it."}, {"review_id": "Hos_bp423UhOWFiuLxuXSw", "user_id": "_rCTsmoYmWmM-F33PBGN2w", "rating": 1.0, "date": "4/23/2018", "text": "We stopped in for a drink during a big rainstorm as we were walking around Charleston.As we're sitting at the bar, a server took a sip from a drink before serving it.   WTF?     SNOB, we took a pic of him, if you're interested.   Maybe it's not unusual in the South??"}, {"review_id": "zP-VhaRTqZiPobIG9guRJg", "user_id": "pUDI4jE0_FUHliMip4v7Xg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/19/2018", "text": "Excellent service, great food. So we came downtown for Sunday brunch before seeing a play at the Footlight Players on Queen.  First off, we were seated right away (about 15-20 mins earlier than my reservation), the tables were comfortable and the back waiter immediately appeared with water and took my request for unsweetened tea. Best unsweetened tea downtown so far. Cold and strong! The attentive but not at all annoying waitress brought us cornbread and butter and took our order from the Sunday brunch menu.I got the Grilled Salmon salad, on the recommendation of the fellow sitting at the table next to me, and hubs got the burger (men!) with crispy potatoes. We tucked into the cornbread, drank the tea and settled in. When the food arrived, perfect timing, in that one minute before you start to wonder, \"where is the food?\", I was so happy to see both the salmon and the burger were cooked perfectly. Thank God. Crispy outside for the salmon and not underdone in the middle but not over cooked and rubbery. The burger was a perfect medium. We were happy. Again, prompt refill and table service from the backwaiter and the waitress. It wasn't very crowded since we are going on 2 o'clock, but there was a nice buzz of happy diners and fun-loving bar folks. So the atmosphere is good, the work staff seems happy and there is a good vibe. I definitely recommend.I took 1 star because there was a constant wait for the one-stall bathrooms and I feel like the menu was limited (but I admit, this was brunch) -- there were no real vegetarian options. The grilled salmon salad, though, is packed with flavor and variety. Couscous, lemon, feta, raisins, currants, even apricots (crazy but works) made me keep going back for more.Also, the crispy potatoes side were crunchy and tasty.I am interested in trying their normal lunch and dinner menus, so I will be back."}, {"review_id": "3bbb8qQoBFMnd1EKldEeMA", "user_id": "Y91W9b8Mc9p8GBNn0NjBnA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/23/2018", "text": "Hello, old friend! So great to see you again. Thank you for picking up right where we left off, with great food and service.We went today for lunch and it was excellent. It's literally been years since I here last. They were completely covered up, a testament to this restaurant and what they have brought to Charleston for decades. We had the Lunch Express - butternut squash soup, catfish (yes, catfish), potatoes and veg - as well as some shrimp and grits. It's been a while since I had S-and-G's and they just knocked it out of the park. So good, and just brimming with shrimp and sausage. The catfish was excellent: moist, delicate and not at all heavy. Sometimes you just need to reintroduce yourself to a great spot. I'll definitely be bringing out of town guests and scheduling a biz dinner or two here when the opportunity arises.And kudos to Brian, our server, who mixed up single serve half-and-half iced teas in a pitcher to refill my glass, twice, at the exact right times."}, {"review_id": "MMRHnDopCToy1c7izDxz1w", "user_id": "0mFYgchaphC-WAKM55N48w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "Charleston is a great town and has a vast amount of delicious restaurants.Stop by this place and was pleasantly pleasantly surprised with the wonderful atmosphere and the fabulous food.  Hats off to Peter Pierce the general manager for doing such an amazing job in being very friendly."}, {"review_id": "KdpV6JB7_3X5lovan6925g", "user_id": "B3xvWa3K-4U42KK5WIN9TQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/18/2018", "text": "We had reservations for SNOB a month in advance (it's serious, folks!). We got some vouchers from our hotel and since SNOB ain't cheap, those came in handy.The restaurant has a great location in the middle on downtown, easy to spot, it's cozy, cute, has a nice atmosphere and the X-mas decorations made the place more charming. It is a bit loud though, no TV-s (which is great), I wish they were playing some music in the background.We got seated immediately but the table we got wasn't worth the one month in advance reservation. We got seated next to a big cabinet so the servers were hanging out, talking, taking utensils, bringing things over. One word- noisy. We had people too close to us all the time, I would have changed the table but not everyone in our group wanted the hassle.I liked the bread and butter from the house. We shared a she crab soup, my first, it was delicious.We got their Sanguinello Cocktail with tequila, blood orange, lime, cinnamon, flavor wise was just OK, not very well mixed, the syrup was resting at the bottom.For entree, I had to go with the Shrimp and Grits (when in Rome...), I was determined to try it for the 1st time while I was visiting Charleston since it's a local famous dish. It didn't disappoint, the grits were soft, cooked just right, same with the shrimp, I liked the sausage and the ham, the tomatoes and the green onions were a nice addition. The portion was huge, I couldn't finish it, but it was a hit in my book. The other peeps in my party were happy with their dishes- the scallops looked amazing and the local flounder was very tender (I had a bite).Service was very good, attentive, food was great, nice atmosphere.  I would have liked the place more if I was seated at a different table, but that's another story. Probably they shouldn't have a table that close to a working station.SNOB is a nice restaurant, elegant, cozy, great for a date night, special occasion, a nice night out."}, {"review_id": "ln3LGSZThR-oqtVFTWmrKA", "user_id": "lS1C8DbsJto-MLsR2a-i-g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "Amazing place for dinner and great wine!  Good place to go for a date night and sit at the chefs table so you don't have to wait."}, {"review_id": "UpMQUS39r5-NK0l0YrrVmg", "user_id": "5laRs1XDGTPXgF6L3buiSg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "I can't say enough about this place. From the friendly and attentive bartender, to the funky and eclectic and beautiful atmosphere to the great service from our server Kelsey go to the great food and dessert, it was an amazing dining experience. My wife and I celebrated our anniversary here, with her getting the tile fish and I getting the BBQ tuna. Both were wonderful. The crowd was a mix of young and old and casual to semiformal.I highly recommend this wonderful restaurant."}, {"review_id": "P1MhHq15nyQox_39LVWoSw", "user_id": "NvO3OvFdhkIftdH4xI_94A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/27/2017", "text": "I hate that my office is no longer downtown because I can't go here for lunch anymore.  A friend and I would go here for lunch at least once a week.SNOB is one of the most popular lunch spots on the peninsula every day of the week but they manage it well.  We always sit at the bar without much of a wait.  From what I can tell there is never a gigantic wait for a table if that is what you are looking for.They have a lunch menu that changes daily with an Express Lunch option that comes with soup/salad and is normally $10-15.  SNOB does a good job of being a fine, sit down, dining restaurant with a really casual vibe and isn't overly pricey.  The food is always delicious...most days I don't even look at the menu but just order the lunch express without looking at what it is.The service is always incredible.  They team wait, at least at the bar, and they know which dish belongs to which person.  The bartenders are always good, especially Trevor, even with a full bar and handling drinks for the dining room.Miss being able to go here regularly...so go pay a visit for me.  It will be worth your time and money."}, {"review_id": "2OZxUA69WBmczUCR68SowA", "user_id": "x23U710KHHhpWIVDntlrHA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Absolutely delicious food!  Excellent service Chris!  Thank you all for making my sisters birthday special. Also thank you Chris for taking the time to answer our questions about everything and you were superb at going over your featured items of the night. My daughter loved the tilefish and I also tried it and it was superb. Flaky delicate and flavorful. My mom had the filet which I also tried and surprisingly it was quite savory, unfortunately people sometimes forget that filet isn't always full of flavor like other cuts, it was also quite velvety!!  Loved my red pea soup!!  Thanks for the recommendation!  My short ribs were spectacular!!  So once again highly recommended and delicious!"}, {"review_id": "bmxn-ViQ-daQggDR6BzrXQ", "user_id": "Ks6dcxGZKVd7chBH0-4KQQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/26/2017", "text": "Had dinner here last night and it was outstanding! We didn't get entrees but instead had a bunch of the appetizers because they all seemed so delicious. Good decision! Started with the cream of crab soup- holy crab! Every single bite had huge chunks of crab meat in it. I have never had a soup with so much crab it was out of this world. We then had the steamed clams- YUM. The garlic wine sauce was amazing. They give you crostini to soak up the sauce and it was my favorite part. Also had the beef carpaccio which was excellent: my only complaint on that was that I like my beef razor thin where you can almost see the plate through it. This was cut a little thicker. Still a delicious cut of beef it is just my preference. Tried the shrimp and crab cocktail that was out of this world! Huge lump crab meat with avocado and tomatoes. Almost like a ceviche - it was ridiculously good. For all of the crab meat that we had at our meal I really don't think it was expensive at all either. Very affordable for the quality and portion of food. Finished the meal with creme brûlée - not the best I've ever had but very satisfying. All told, SNOB gets an A+, our favorite meal in Charleston right behind Husk."}, {"review_id": "O8S_Zdd4ARXyyRLkOSLmlA", "user_id": "backts9zKCnu3RbsVQaAYg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/9/2018", "text": "Had dinner at SNOB and it was delicious. Usually go to Magnolias but decided to give it a try and was not disappointed. I got the filet with mashed potato and the wife got strawberry salad and butternut squash soup."}, {"review_id": "RWOAmWlCsenyEKPn3S2rIQ", "user_id": "c52vdp1FpkOVhn6iimGcgg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/25/2017", "text": "She crab soup (4.5 stars): lighter than another version we had but still with plenty of crab and crab flavor.Shrimp and grits (4.5 stars): huge portion jam packed with shrimp broth! Grits were creamy but still with some tooth. Shrimp were perfectly cooked and tender. Broth was basically shrimp head broth and so savory!Collards (4 stars): came with a pepper jelly that was an interesting twist but made it a tad too sweet.Eggnog was really creamy and delicious with just enough nutmeg and plenty of booze.Service was really friendly without being pushy. Found 2 spots at the bar on Sunday around 1:30pm"}, {"review_id": "C7vo2GZuU-ideLJ4yYDXSw", "user_id": "-JsBUIo6-MIeCIH5Y2KP5Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/9/2017", "text": "A well executed meal with excellent service! For apps, our table split the steamed clams, the cheese plate, and the veal sweetbreads. My favorite were the sweetbreads which came served with brussels sprouts and atop a parsnip puree.  All the flavors worked very well together, and the texture of the sweetbreads was perfect.  The clams were solid, but the best part was the garlic cream sauce.  I wish we got more bread to soak the remainder of the sauce.For my entree, I chose the duck breast.  The duck itself was cooked perfectly.  It was SO tender and juicy.  However, I wasn't the biggest fan of the side of red cabbage with plum glaze.  It was also served with a pumpkin custard.  All together, it tasted like fall, and I imagine is better suited to certain palates other than my own.For my dessert, I chose the fruit plate which was beautifully plated with sliced bananas, green apples, pineapple, grapes, and strawberries.  All the fruit was very ripe and sweet and drenched on top with local honey. Nothing super special, but my favorite way to end a meal.Our server was very attentive and patient with our large group. He was very helpful in our meal choices.  Overall, excellent execution of dishes. I think I personally just chose the wrong dish to suit my tastes."}, {"review_id": "SlqL-kmTH7aV07eRajPVTw", "user_id": "hbFQ3gjSkLcBCe40iRpMnw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/10/2018", "text": "Still dreaming of those shrimp & grits. They gladly share the recipe, but unfortunately don't come back to your kitchen to make it the next day. When is Charleston I will always come here for those S&G."}, {"review_id": "q9qbXOlIhVuaq8JQrs3R5Q", "user_id": "ngdj8pUUvQH10UWyWArRYQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/19/2018", "text": "Wonderful experience, from the time we walked in. Great service from Callie, Great food too, yummy scallops! We sat at the chefs table last night, where you can sit without reservations, met some nice people next to us. Definitely worth going to! Two thumbs up!"}, {"review_id": "PZHEoIedhh-MgPctZoMtAA", "user_id": "DZO2lmlHi41X19g9U44I1w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/23/2017", "text": "Everything I've wanted and more for a fantastic Charleston lunch. I opted for the lump crab salad, which was served with a plentiful portion of crab and avocado toast.  I had the Charleston cocktail, which was sweet-tea infused vodka, maybe some lemon, and I don't even know what else.....probably a little bit of southern magic.....Friendly service, bright and sunny ambiance, and extremely palatable menu.  I was also given a basket of this delectable corn bread and butter.  The lunch crowd and their attire made me smile.  Men in seer-sucker pants with little lobsters embellished throughout the design, and women in hats and pastel dresses.  Is this every day or was there an event? Either way, I thoroughly enjoyed being here in this ambiance. Yummmmmm.  I think I'm in love with this place.  My April eating tour has included two great restaurants in Charleston, one in Nashville, one in NYC, one in Chicago, and possibly one more city on the docket next week.  Per usual, stay tuned here as I continue my culinary adventures."}, {"review_id": "JQ4vGYvJW9oTHgOzRBnTpQ", "user_id": "xwecV1wwnA_2oZH0GkpZOw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/24/2017", "text": "Wow. From start to finish! First, I enjoyed watching the food prep in the back. I thought I'd end up at the bar since I was dining single but I really appreciated the hostesses giving me the back seating option. My server was fantastic especially with recommendations since I was a first-time visitor. The food really lived up to the hype. I ordered the nightly special of triggerfish which came w spaghetti squash and sweet potatoes. Divine! Also liked the cornbread and the pear-ginger sangria was tasty. Finished off with the sour cream apple pie for dessert. I thoroughly enjoyed every minute I spent and every morel I ate."}, {"review_id": "LXr2c2KAppF7KpkwfeyJtA", "user_id": "ginuRaya4wRom3kB91PGCw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/31/2017", "text": "The most perfectly cooked scallop I've ever had! I dined this evening with my family and was served by Kelsey who was fantastic! I initially ordered a strawberry basil sangria which wasn't very tasty and when I mentioned it to Kelsey she was very accomodating and brought me a delicious lemon drop. I ordered the scallops for dinner which were as mentioned before delicious and perfectly cooked. It was accompanied by roasted sweet potatoes, glazed brussel sprouts and a celery puree that made the dish perfectly balanced in texture and flavor! The staff was particularly attentive to our water glasses, always making sure they were full. And the atmosphere was a little dark but romantic perfect for a date night."}, {"review_id": "-aNRqy-6i9J9_Xndp4CxUg", "user_id": "V9sD8o_lG_5WNxU8jE8kKA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/12/2017", "text": "We started with the Grass Fed Beef Carpaccio. This was an excellent way to begin the meal. The beef was fresh and the toppings had a lot of great flavor. When I had a bite with the crunchy bread, carpaccio and a bit of salad I was pleasantly surprised by the burst of flavor.I also had the Pan Roasted Carolina Flounder along with the Pear and Ginger Sangria. This was a pleasant dish. It did not have as much flavor as the carpaccio, but the fish was cooked perfectly and the accompaniments paired well with the fish. The sangria was refreshing and the ginger gave it a nice zest. I concluded the meal with the Green Tea Coconut Panna Cotta. The panna cotta was creamy, but I did not get the green tea flavor. Unfortunately, The berries that were paired with the dish were bitter. The glaze that the berries were in wasn't very sweet either. Overall it was a light dessert, but not very sweet.Final Thoughts:Carpaccio all the way!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/slightly-north-of-broad-charleston?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]