[[{"review_id": "FwyJ9hn1jN0Y624KDwuXUQ", "user_id": "KaYukl9swlpo71HupJrUWw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "Magnolias is a MUST when visiting Charleston! Food: amazing, spectacular, and any other synonym you can think of. I am officially a Southern food convert. We ordered the crab cake for a starter, which was moist, flaky, and crispy on the outside. It was served with a corn succotash and a tomato butter which worked great as a sponge for the complimentary bread! We also tried the buttermilk fried chicken (complete with corn, collard greens, mashed potatoes and biscuits and gravy) and the Parmesan crusted flounder. Both dishes were so unbelievably good we are still talking about it a day later! Service: We did not make reservations, but were luckily able to find two seats at the bar at 9:30 for dinner. Two bartenders waited on us and they were both friendly and helpful. I would highly recommend making a reservation as they were completely booked the entire night. Ambiance: The restaurant is beautifully decorated and gives off a very intimate vibe. Everything is clean, crisp and inviting. Pricing: We found the pricing to be very fair given the large portions of food. We left completely stuffed and could not even finish everything. Bottom Line: If you only have one night to dine in Downtown Charleston, go to Magnolias!"}, {"review_id": "x7QLOthVhQKU4kZSM1lYLQ", "user_id": "at3O5wRAjbvaQtbMf0Rpuw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Excellent service and food. Fried green tomatoes were excellent and daily catch (founder) superb. The waiter was knowledgable and quite the sales guy. He was a tad too busy but friendly and attentive. I'm not giving 5 stars because of the rest rooms. There were only 2 stalls, one had a broken lock and it smelled and was not clean."}, {"review_id": "IH-67hh7E_HCPv3CwqNy0g", "user_id": "B3ADXo9FwRZMHc0SQ72zMA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "Great food- great presentation. The best fried green tomatoes I've ever had!! The only reason I did not five 5 stars was the service. We arrived at 6:15 and finally got our salads around 730. The guests around us already had their meals! Our waitress was a bit disinterested to say the least. She would walk by, not say a word, and go to another table. Not once did she check on us.  At first I thought she was overwhelmed but, I think she was just not very skilled at her job. Another disappointing thing is that I called the restaurant after we left. I could not get a live person but left a message with the hostess stand. I told them I had just left the restoration, my name and contact number, our waitress' name and that I wanted to provide feedback. So far no one has contacted me."}, {"review_id": "OPMADnOu1x4kp5AXtTbbmA", "user_id": "hZynhePSGtDHJWY7Dx50tg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "SHELLFISH OVER GRITSsautéed shrimp, sea scallops, creamy white grits, lobster butter sauce, fried spinach"}, {"review_id": "OGMj3C-S37EU0ieT_jqiGQ", "user_id": "3I2u_0y91cEDsuSUdLWrPg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/27/2018", "text": "We dined at Magnolias for Sunday Brunch before heading back home to Atlanta.Service was disappointing. I'm not sure why our server seemed so annoyed but I was envious of everyone else's servers around us who seemed so nice and cheerful. It certainly deflated our excitement to try Magnolias.To start we had something off the specials menu, a blueberry biscuit concoction which was out of the world sweet and delicious. It could honestly be split between a table of four, but we tried to make a dent the best we could. I would definitely recommend it as long as you understand you'll be having dessert first!My SO ordered their Monte Cristo which was also on their specials menu and he thought it was good. I ordered the Housemade Sausage Biscuit and enjoyed both the grits and the sausage very much but wasn't blown away by the gravy which was cold.Overall the food was definitely four stars but service was lacking."}, {"review_id": "vWJvbNXPeBKnKIyrta5n5A", "user_id": "iW7HHQ5ntRPj_jqNMnQjvQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/2/2018", "text": "I'm always a bit hesitant when going to such popular restaurants, but Magnolias lived up to the other reviews and my expectations. This was my favorite meal on our Charleston trip. We went for a late Friday lunch around 2p and still had a 15 minute wait. It's a fancy restaurant but not pretentious, and we felt OK even though we dressed on the more casual side, having just come from the airport.Service was fantastic. She was very knowledgeable about the menu and attentive to our needs at the right time without being overbearing. The shellfish over grits was the best grits I had all weekend. So creamy and flavorful! The fried green tomatoes and blue crab bisque also did not disappoint. Portions were larger than average. Really recommend going for lunch as the price is very reasonable for the quality of food."}, {"review_id": "6aVmMZ260_OR99FVUpnrYw", "user_id": "sudt40cqEw2CdtNSB36dUw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "Such a nice date night spot! Our server's name was Rich and he needs a raise. He was SO SWEET and made great recommendations. I got a Caesar salad to start so that I had PLENTY of room for the shrimp and scallops over grits. I seriously wanted to lick my plate. I made sure it was locally sourced shrimp and man oh man could I taste the difference. Those shrimp had never been frozen. And you can't go wrong with grits when you're in the south. They also have a lavender martini of sorts that I also highly recommend you try. This is such a wonderful spot to try in Charleston!"}, {"review_id": "1VDiDXIFI8l685RvW85HIg", "user_id": "BhTuJe6gw2dhk6mwBZXLlw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/17/2018", "text": "Loved the food, service & ambiance at Magnolias. This restaurant was suggested by our tour guide on our trip to Charleston & we were more than pleased to have lunched there. It's old world charm all the way! Loved it as it was a change from the ultra modern Miami & other south Florida restaurants. We tried the southern favorites such as Shell fish & grits, (hands down the BEST grits in Charleston, creamy grits served with lobster butter, shrimp & scallops), crab cakes, Salmon, chicken liver, fried green tomatoes & cheese burgers. Each and every dish was great & the service was excellent. I would definitely dine at Magnolias the next time I visit."}, {"review_id": "iphmO7Zl_FSxZY7vBYMygg", "user_id": "zkQi7B9b-yFbF8k2XSnDHQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/15/2018", "text": "Had the pleasure of eating at Magnolias and I have to say this is one of the best restaurants I have ate at.  We had made our reservation several months prior to this trip and were really excited about the opportunity to eat here.  This place needs a reservation as they had someone try to walk in and they had to turn them away.  It was restaurant week when we went which means you can get an appetizer, entree, and dessert for $40.  This was a nice deal and they had some good stuff on that menu.  I did not do the restaurant week deal.  I ended up getting the fried Mac and Cheese appetizer and it was great.  It had a tomato relish on it and taste wonderful.  For my main course I got the fried chicken which came with corn, greens, mashed potato, and a biscuit.  Wow this was the best fried chicken I have had.  They make the breast with no bones so it's easy to cut and eat.  For dessert I had the pecan pie which was the best pecan pie I have had in my life.  It is served with ice creme but deft not needed.  This was a great dinner because the service is amazing and the staff are super friendly!  Overall one of the best meals I have had in my life!!!"}, {"review_id": "F1kLBKEN8tqutzS1iRQUDQ", "user_id": "k9Mq6UNtYwPLlv5oFWVcQw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/29/2017", "text": "My friends and I came here for our last dinner in Charleston and we made a great choice!Like most restaurants in Charleston the decor is cozy, warm and inviting.  Our server was friendly, knowledgeable about the menu and provided great service.We ordered 2 bottles of wine which were reasonable priced and delicious.  The food was also delicious! For starters we ordered the fried mac and cheese which is a must order and friend oysters.  The fried oysters came with a bacon, onion Brussels sprout slaw which was absolutely delicious.  We also ordered the fried green tomatoes which came with with ham and placed on top of creamy grits.For dinner I ordered the filet which was cooked perfectly  and seasoned very well.  We also ordered the artichokes au gratin which was absolutely delicious.  The side did not have a strong artichoke flavor and was mixed with spinach.  I highly recommend.  Unfortunately we were way too stuffed for dessert but enjoyed every aspect of our meal.  We left very stuffed and satisfied!If you are looking for a great dinner that isn't too casual and not too fancy this is the place!  Magnolias is also located across the street from the Cocktail Club which is a great place to get drinks after dinner."}, {"review_id": "MqbjcIYCCpoo2lAFwLTI1g", "user_id": "7UF1ucIbb0-RgufTyAb1EQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "Wow. My favorite restaurant in Charleston. The seafood grits is unbelievable - perfectly cooked shrimp and scallops in the cheesiest grits of your life. The buttermilk fried chicken breast is insane - the sweet corn and collard greens it comes with is excellent. Definitely a must-do in Charleston."}, {"review_id": "3SdAwfSnGCBMXZJYR0NxzA", "user_id": "pnTiEaqM4slogpY97n9Kvg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/7/2017", "text": "I had an awful trip to Charleston -- since my travel companion complained the entire time about his waist size, receding hairline, and unattractiveness to the opposite sex -- but I threw a Hail Mary and scored an epic touchdown. (Just like Doug Flutie against the Miami Hurricanes in '84.) In other words, we dined at Magnolias, and I loved every bite.Notice that I wrote, \"bite,\" and not \"company.\"*****This classic Southern, white tablecloth restaurant hails both tourists and local on any day of the week. So, guys, bring that blue button-up Polo with a matching tie and khaki slacks. Ladies, rock your favorite dress. (Or maybe I'm just saying that because I think all women look fantastic rocking dresses.)Don't don cargo shorts and a Cleveland Indians t-shirt like my clueless travel companion. (Yes, I know I wore a Vikings jersey, but I did wear pants because I have respect for other people. Particular on a Sunday in the South) I mean, cargo shorts died upon their birth. It's hard to care about functionality when they continuously scream, \"eyesore.\" And the only things that match with cargo shorts are Ed Hardy and Affliction t-shirts. (Both types of shirts are the official brands of Hell.) So about the food. Marvelous. All of it. *****I. FOOD & DRINK:*Fried Green Tomatoes ($10): One of the best renditions of fried green tomatoes I've eaten. I loved the sweetness of the caramelized onion grits paired with the freshness of that tomato chutney. And #teamwhitecheddar was the best way to tie everything together. --It's like fantasizing how divine hooking up with your celebrity crush could be and then having it come true and being better than possible. (What's up, Selma Hayek?)  *Pumpkin Monkey Bread ($9): I'd like to one-day wear a Michelin Man-like pumpkin monkey bread suit, and then eat my way out. My blood sugar would spike thus destroying my pancreas and other organs, but I would die happy. Unfortunately, there were no monkies in this Pumpkin Monkey Bread. Worth. It. Yo.*Parmesan Crusted Market Catch ($19): I had their freshly caught flounder, a fish I love, and they laid this perfectly cooked filet on top of a citrus beurre blanc accompanied with asparagus, sweet corn, and tomato salad. The bed of Jasmine rice soaked up all of the flavors, and, for a moment, I forgot how obnoxious my travel companion had been. II. SERVICE: We had no problems with either our host or server. They were both friendly and professional. I also appreciated how our server, in particular, laughed at my cargo shorts jokes and answered all the questions I had about their menu. My travel companion later asked her for her number, and she denied him. (Ha ha.)Our meal arrived blazing fast, so there are no problems there.III. AMBIENCE & DECOR: As I noted above, it's an upscale, white tablecloth restaurant that could also be featured on an HGTV. Also, with a reservation, it could accommodate large groups. Even the bathrooms used clothes instead of paper towels to dry your hands. IV. PRICES: Most eats fall at or above $12. The quality of food, though, is well worth it.V. OVERALL: Despite enduring one of Tampa's most obnoxious humans -- and that's saying a lot -- I had a wonderful time dining there. Magnolias lives up to its reputation."}, {"review_id": "cnT_rOESM5mwCXqbMZ4Opw", "user_id": "fxrQSMhHlBv6eJVRdchG9Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/2/2018", "text": "The food is great! I had the fried chicken for my entree. Our server was fantastic. The pecan pie was the best I've ever had! The kitchen is slow to get things out but they are just slammed. Very big restaurant, lots of tables. Overall, an awesome experience though!"}, {"review_id": "KtduuSgG6cywkvYYcth9mA", "user_id": "qDm4hQNNWRGIZBiLjnWSmg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/23/2018", "text": "As a seventeen year survivor in ever evolving historic Charleston downtown, Magnolias is still getting it right.I lived in Charleston from December 1980 until March of 1984.  I loved everything about the historic downtown area from the Custom House and Market to the battery park area where the Cooper and Ashley Rivers merge.  My wife and I stayed at the Doubletree by the Market and I booked reservations at Magnolias as this 17-year culinary hotspot in the area was just a short walk from where we were staying.  My sweetie had a Martini and I enjoyed a merlot, as we started things off with a wonderful lemon butter and rustic artisan bread.  My wife and I enjoy small plates and bites these days so we started with a Creamy Tomato Bisque for me, and because we're from Maryland, the home of the Chesapeake Bay Blue Crab, we had to try the Blue Crab Bisque for her.  They were both very, very nice.For an appetizer we ordered the Almond Fried Brie.  I have to say the arugula and balsamic reduction brought a nice balance to that bite.  Because we wanted to leave room for gelato later, for dinner we decided to split the Parmesan Crusted Market Catch, which on this day was a nice, light and flakey Flounder.  This dish was very light, topped with sweet corn and tomatoes and drizzled with a citrus beurre blanc.  We were thoroughly pleased.   Unfortunately we were only in town one night; because we likely would've revisited the same place to try another dish...yes, it was that good."}, {"review_id": "cdfbjhJD3TPl5VGmfFJSfg", "user_id": "lDpZwPOzcHXpctxU9ORTFA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/10/2018", "text": "Loved this place. It's a little expensive overall, but completely worth it. It is beautiful inside and the food is amazing. My husband and I shared the fried tomatoes with grits, and the sauce served with them was a roasted red pepper--it was so fresh and delicious! I got the fried chicken with Mac and cheese and my husband got the snapper. Both were prepared perfectly. Service was great as well!"}, {"review_id": "Bvas_5eb1YP30SBopzWrMQ", "user_id": "6LuhfhUCeD8WJGpKbL8RNw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/17/2018", "text": "Food was excellent- overall restaurant service left a lot to be desired.Staff changing linen at the table they were prepping for our party left dirty linen on one of the chairs.Stack of small plates left for us to use as sharing plates had old mashed food between them.Sprig of rosemary on a cocktail was clearly OLD...but was explained to us that it was a rosemary sage hybrid. Googled it and it is not supposed to look shriveled and brown."}, {"review_id": "yuLfU__D3jUgRGcjxSFrsw", "user_id": "Vt6E1YHeAR_IAcs_OsDfPg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/7/2017", "text": "What a power corner for restaurants.  Tough choice.  SNOB, High Cotton,and Magnolias, three of the best restaurants in Charleston, all within a stones throw of each other. We were torn, but the decision was made based on our desire to eat at a traditional Southern/Low Country Restaurant that embodies old southern charm. Magnolias seemed to best embody that wish.  SNOB was too modern looking. The interior is very elegant and charming.   Made me sit up straight and start speaking in hushed tones. Pictures of Magnolias everywhere. The service was, as I expected, very courteous and attentive.  The food was excellent.  This was our third foray into Low Country cuisine on our vacation, and this was by faaaar, the best version.  The shrimp and grits were, in this version, seafood and grits.  With succulent scallops too.  Just better than other places.  The fried liver came in a reduction sauce.  I liked the fried liver at other places but this version just took it over the top.  Deeelicious.  Now ya'll, this place is expensive.  So be cheap like me and go for lunch.  You will still drop about $30 per person, but it will be worth it."}, {"review_id": "_4hQpF9D5U0OVL9_Mj5uqQ", "user_id": "pou3BbKsIozfH50rxmnMew", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/5/2017", "text": "Why 5 stars? Because this was an ideal way to end our Charleston experience.   ---   ---   ---Because it was Jonathan T's first visit to Charleston, we couldn't leave without eating a delightful southern meal. Our original brunch plans changed, which left us scrambling to find an alternative. My eyes popped a bit when I saw Magnolias with a 4.5 star rating and over 1300 reviews. I tried calling them to see how long the wait was, but no one answered the phone. We decided to walk half a mile there anyway and were prepared for a lengthy amount of time before we'd actually be eating. But much to our delight, we were seated immediately despite our arrival being at peak brunch time on a Sunday.Jon, being the constant embarrassment to me that he is, was wearing a Vikings jersey, and this was a white tablecloth establishment. Fortunately, we noticed other people dressed quite casually, so we felt more at ease, but make no mistake about it, I was still ashamed to be dining with him. Here's what we had:-Bread: 5-stars. Simple, but addicting.-Fried Green Tomatoes: 5-stars. Among the best I've had. I almost didn't order this because I ended up ordering the benedict with fried green tomatoes on it, but Jon selfishly insisted. -Pumpkin Monkey Bread: 4.5 stars. I wish it had been much hotter, (think fresh Cinnabun) but it was still delicious.  -Low Country Benedict: 5-stars. I was really tortured on having to choose what to order from this menu because everything looked so great, but then I noticed this option. Pimento cheese grits, english muffins, country ham, fried green tomatoes, eggs and blue crab remoulade. Those are all things I love!! And it turned out to be as amazing as it looked on paper.Jon ordered Parmesan Crusted Flounder (weird brunch choice, bro) and gave me one small bite. It was solid, but there were probably 20 better looking options on the menu, IMO. Despite my horrible company, I really loved that we ended up here and would love to come back again because this menu is full of so much ridiculousness."}, {"review_id": "bm-6XHyMSeBGbss8z9e_JA", "user_id": "ev2o-K201D2s0-Iju_vJ4A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "Go to this Charleston classic.  The best take on fried green tomatoes we've had...the best.  Excellent food and exceptional service.  Their warm and crusty bread with honey butter will linger in your memory..  Front room is louder than the back room.  A gem in a gem of a City."}, {"review_id": "PL9IDKUBbXcaIOX8M7p6xg", "user_id": "THJo4sOXgM4jxA9UUocJag", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/16/2017", "text": "Even with all the stellar reviews Magnolias receives, they still managed to exceed my expectations! I have thought of Magnolias as an overpriced tourist trap (how I think of SNOB too) but wow, was I wrong. Everything from the service, to the drinks, to the food was perfect.I normally don't comment on service unless it's really good or really bad because, after all, my main focus is the food, duh! But Slade, our waiter, was a phenomenal server. Attentive without being intrusive. He didn't rush us but rather let us space out our meal at our own pace. Just great, great service.As for the food, the best part... 1. pimento cheese- so good but honestly, skip it here. there are so many other amazing starters that the pimento cheese gets lost in the shuffle. and, truthfullly, I've had better elsewhere. 2. fried green tomatoes- 5/5 stars. the country ham is such a nice addition that you don't usually see with this dish. 3. fried mac n cheese- this was, hands down, the best thing we ate in all of Charleston. My dad said this might be the best thing he's ever eaten, EVER. 4. I was so full from appetizers that I couldn't even bring myself to order a full meal so I got the sea scallop appetizer which was also delicious! it was the perfect size after being stuffed by all our good starters with amazing flavor. scallops were perfectly cooked also!everyone in my part thoroughly enjoyed their meals and all agreed the food was superb!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/magnolias-charleston?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]