[[{"review_id": "7WGBL23YyNN_rgOgZxGa4w", "user_id": "5Dpe3vh3DBv57sdhdqZEYw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "I'm going to keep this review short because this place is fantastic. A definite must go. Baby friendly, wait staff is very relaxed and accommodating. Maybe just leave the stroller at home if you can. Get everything I ordered and you won't be disappointed! Food was divine, they made some special alternatives because of my allergies. Even with that challenge, our meal did not disappoint. Also shout out to the bar staff for entertaining my son with the cocktail shakers and being so friendly."}, {"review_id": "FloWKhKMzw_Gn6WdY03LIg", "user_id": "YCg09XnpfB5JB8rRFi_hZQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "There's a reason you can't get a reservation here. Yeah, it's really good. From the service (Bobby took care of us last week) to of course the food, FIG will blow away your taste buds. Awesome specialty cocktails are available and a wine list that will sure to feature something for everyone in your party. I don't have much that I can write that will do FIG justice. You'll just have to book a table a month out, make plans, and go experience it for yourself. Just a great mix of flavors and an awesome dining experience."}, {"review_id": "cbPXTVx9yWpTPsDDl__o1w", "user_id": "3yivaHgZGp9-2IG00MRDbQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "When a place is so hyped and popular your expectations can above and beyond what anyplace can deliver.  You better have a reservation as  saw them turn away people at 9 though saw tables clear And not be filled.   Service was attentive as waiters came over while we waited for our table to get our drink order.  There by the glass wine list lacked an oaky Chardonnay as they had an neutral and a blend.   Both my cocktails were good and get a plus for having cucumbers for my Hendricks and tonic. Pate was good though not sure about mustard as any more than a dot from a fork overpowered the liver.  We got the red shrimp and swordfish.  Both were good though not amazing.  The shrimp is very colorful.  Place is well designed as even when full noise was not bad.  Judge ceiling is acoustic tiles and have a feeling the glass bulb lanterns, the wood feature and two booths cut the noise down.   Glad I came though not sure will make a return visit."}, {"review_id": "fggtb9BCnqvl197-OHhgNA", "user_id": "-itSuxMtbcCterX4CR00dg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "Before we moved to Charleston (almost 1.5 years ago), we had heard of Fig. It was only a couple days ago that we finally dined at this amazing restaurant. We booked the reservation a month in advance, as is necessary due to high demand. I had looked at the menu a couple of times, debating what dishes sounded most delectable. We arrived 15 mins ahead of our reserved time & were sat immediately. We decided on cocktails, an old fashioned, a smoke & mirrors (bourbon based) and a Benedictine Monk (light & refreshing with a pink grapefruit hue). For shared starters we chose the Napa cabbage & the ricotta gnocchi with lamb bolognese. Both were outstanding. The Napa cabbage was so flavorful! The combination of the egg, shitaki, dill, buttermilk complemented one another so well. On paper I didn't expect too much, but the first bite was surprisingly good. The ricotta gnocchi was perhaps the best gnocchi all three of us had ever had. I questioned if it was pasta at all. It was so light & pillowy, not at all dense & heavy like your typical gnocchi. We each savored 3 pieces each, and arguably would have preferred to have our own plate. Two of us ordered the fish stew Provençal & my boyfriend ordered the beef tri-tip. The fish stew Provençal was delicious, a healthy mix of mussels, shrimp, squid & fish. The saffron broth was amazing. Luckily it was served with a piece of bread to sop up the broth, no way were we letting it go to waste. My boyfriend's tri-tip was served with charred beets, romaine with a horseradish/Caesar type dressing & the steak was to be dressed with a \"liquid crack\" (our server's words) Bordelaise sauce. The steak was prepared medium rare as requested but was tough & chewy & the bordelaise sauce was underrepresented on the plate. Our server was attentive to a point but we were upstaged by the table to our left, as they were ordering bottle after bottle of wine. My boyfriend would've liked to get our server's attention to request more sauce for his steak, but wasn't given the opportunity to do so. For a $38 dish, he was a bit disappointed. For dessert we shared the butterscotch pot de creme. I've never been a butterscotch fan, but this blew my mind. Atop the butterscotch was a layer of caramel & a dollop of whipped cream. There was a smoky bourbon flavor hidden in the sweetness that was heavenly. The three of us left feeling we had just had one of the best meals of our life. I wasn't sure if Fig would live up to its hype-it does & then some."}, {"review_id": "aHGv3xjQBP4vBcYWPFjmWg", "user_id": "KYAR9aJPK7WtE-tFrHHltg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/26/2018", "text": "2/17/18The service was extremely attentive as we settled in, made our wine selection and browsed the menu. Knowledgable staff and very helpful. So many accolades, publicity and word of mouth gave us confidence that we were in for a treat. I was a little surprised when we entered. Soft lighting and a sea of white linen tables pretty tightly fit together. Rustic in decor, pleasant but pretty simple. A rose on each table. They have a few booths in nooks but that was the only space that was romantic. Bread service was underwhelming. Cold and a very basic choice of two. Starters:NC yellowfin tuna, bravo radish, horseradish and avocado mousse. Delicate and very fresh tuna with hints of heat from the horseradish and a bit of texture from the radish and creamy avocado. Pancetta wrapped Shad row, chanterelles purée, Marcona almonds and lemon. I know the rule of thumb is to plate in odd numbers since it gives a better presentation, but receiving three pieces for a table of four made this difficult to share. Visually, the chanterelle purée was a little off putting but it did add an earthy balance to the salty pancetta. The lemon added a nice citrus note. Marcona almonds, a sweeter and softer version of the California variety, added a nice texture. The Shad roe took a back seat to the rest of the dish. Ricotta gnocchi with Ossabaw bolognese and shaved Parmesan was my absolute favorite of the three. Ossabaw Island hogs is something you should google. Spanish in origin, left on Ossabaw Island just off the Georgia coast to run feral. Known for their fatty marbling. The pillows of ricotta gnocchi were just perfection. The bolognese was rich, brimming with flavor and perfection. Mains:Baked golden tilefish with new potato, brussels, served in sauce vin blanc. The delicate fish was moist and expertly cooked. The vin blanc paired very well giving slight acidic tones to the dish. The potatoes and Brussels just seemed like an after thought and didn't really need to be on the plate. Fish Stew Provençal I think was the hit of the evening. Shrimp, squid, best mussels I've ever had, served on Carolina Gold rice. The broth was worthy for a loaf of bread, just fantastic! Creekstone strip steak, chimichurri, allium confit, and duck fat potatoes. Perfect plate for your meat and potato diner. Juicy and tender slices of meat and who doesn't love duck fat anything! The chimichurri added a nice variation and flavor. Veal chop saltimbocca (marinade method), blood orange, Meyer lemon, cured olive and parsley salad. The flavors were in your face delicious! I'm curious if this chop was sous vide. Texturally a little off putting, tough and dry. I gave up on it after a few bites. To be fair, hubby had my leftovers the next day and said he really enjoyed it. For me, it was just disappointing. Sticky Sorghum cake with rum raisin ice cream for the duo birthday parties. Delicious. The overall experience had significant highs and lows. I'd be on the fence about returning.  I had very high expectations coming to this award winning restaurant and tasting Chef Lata's creations."}, {"review_id": "SftCdGbS8SEkYIgOwOUBXg", "user_id": "6RPpYAeFRhMd_9Wgj7eY-g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "To be honest, we landed at FIG for a few reasons, the first of which is I tried to get a reservation at Husk before we arrived and realized that was virtually impossible. I noticed FIG in my initial search of dinner restaurants and saw glowing reviews but assumed I'd have equally bad luck getting a reservation. After an early afternoon stroll around the neighborhood surrounding our perfect little Airbnb, I noticed FIG was just a block or so away. I decided we should stop and take a look at the menu. We couldn't get a reservation before 10pm on something like May 10th (with a target date of April 14th), but their website perfectly explained that many people dine without a reservation and are encouraged to visit without one. Since the restaurant was so close to our home base, we decided to give it a shot at around 8pm.We were originally told our wait would be up to an hour, and neither of us in my party of 2 minded that at all. We posted up at two of the cocktail seats and ordered drinks while we waited. The bar was right in front of us and is seated on the same waiting list as the dining area, so we got to watch all the delicious dishes pass by as we waited our turn. Every single employee in this building, including even the food runner and the cocktail waitress, are factors to what makes this place so great. We stopped a food runner to ask her what one of the dishes was she'd just dropped off and she described to us, without any hesitation, in such beautiful detail, every ingredient and each preparation technique for both of the plates she'd just delivered. If I wasn't genuinely excited before, I definitely was then. Our cocktail server was no different. She was intimately familiar with every flavor profile, preparation technique and ingredient in every glass of wine and every cocktail on the menu, and even recommended a cocktail for me that wasn't on the menu (I prefer a vodka based drink and everything listed is gin based). The entire restaurant was full, and everyone was busy, but we never felt unwelcome, rushed, or burdensome with any request or questions we had. Next came the best part: the community table. We didn't really know what to expect, but the hostess approached us about 30 minutes into our wait and said there was room for us at the large, round community table near the bar if we were interested. We enthusiastically agreed, mostly because at this point we were eager to try some of the dishes we'd seen. We sat down in the middle of a conversation already in progress and a very sweet, talkative party of 1 (Alex from Brooklyn, we soon learned) was leading the conversation and immediately asked us where we were from, which helped us introduce ourselves to the rest of the table. Our new friends from Connecticut (party of 2) and Atlanta (party of 3) were sadly already paying out and getting ready to leave, but what happened next couldn't have been more perfect if we'd planned it. After the aforementioned parties paid and left, the 2 seats to our right were filled by two sweet ladies who we quickly learned were from the DFW area. After a brief, slightly begrudged congratulations on the Rangers win over the Astros earlier in the evening, we were off to the races. Everyone started talking like we'd know each other for years. Our server Drew came over a little while later and started describing \"a few highlights\" from the menu (he literally described every single dish on the menu in the same romantic, perfect detail as the food runner before) that made our decisions even more difficult. I finally decided we weren't going to make a bad decision no matter what we chose. We started with the ricotta gnocchi and chose the tilefish and red snapper for dinner. A few minutes later, 2 seats on our left were filled with a very nice older couple who was here, we learned, as a result of a tennis tournament they were competing in. Our table erupted in cheers and laughter when we asked where they were from and they answered \"Houston.\" A table full of Texans (minus Alex from Brooklyn, but we were recruiting her pretty heavily throughout the meal and I'm confident she's seriously considering relocating now). As we enjoyed the delivery of our drinks and meals, we shared future travel plans, discussed the Hurricane and its impact, and of course, all things sports. What started as a random shot at a nice date night evolved into exactly what makes Charleston such an incredible place to be - a huge table of strangers became friends. I know this was an amazing evening (which ended at midnight, an hour after their posted closing time, but again, we never felt unwelcome or burdensome), and I imagine parts of it could be recreated elsewhere with the right attitude, but without the amazing staff, the perfect setup and the amazing food, I'm not sure I'd still be floating this morning."}, {"review_id": "U43RXak2gL5lqMdVoSOe4Q", "user_id": "GF-UBIwA0gEcUbAkve6s3A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/15/2018", "text": "FIG was planned as a destination meal and it ended up being our last dinner of the trip.  The dining space is quaint, but the tables are spaced nicely so you don't feel cramped.  The service is attentive, warm and competent.  Our server knew every detail of each dish as well as a good understanding of the wine list.The food was spectacular.  The menu offered a nice variety of small dishes and entree portions with a good mix of vegetables and proteins.  Everything we ordered was composed thoughtfully and executed perfectly.  I wish I could have eaten more.  We ordered several starters to share including the crab spaghetti.  My wife and I each took one bite before my daughter commandeered it and proceeded to demolish the dish.  I was tempted to order another one, but we had so much food.We visited many of the acclaimed restaurants in Charleston during our trip and I think FIG was our favorite, barely edging out Husk.Can't wait until I'm in the area again as FIG will be my first stop next time around."}, {"review_id": "fSyKnIayjmqcuo6Y0OLP6Q", "user_id": "SCqcBUFTGCINw_533tWoBg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/12/2018", "text": "Fig has gotten a lot of positive reviews, and rightfully so...   I've been trying to get a reservation here for the better part of three years; they're always booked even though they take reservations up to a month in advance.   Granted, I've had opportunities to book a table for 5:00 or after 10:00 on a weeknight but neither of those appealed to me.   As chance would have it, I checked one day and low and behold there was a 6:00 table available for tomorrow night, and it was a Friday!   Ok so 6:00 is still a little earlier than I'd like but hey, this was the best I've seen in quite some time so I took it.   We enjoyed Fig very much; our server Drew was fantastic; he knew a lot about the menu and offered some good suggestions (4.5 stars).We started with a snapper tartar, outstanding (5 stars).  For entrees, I had the bone in veal chop, which looked like something Fred Flintstone would have had, see the picture I took of it... delicious (3.5 stars).   My wife had the Black Bass; she really enjoyed it. (4 stars, her rating).    We shared a side of sunchokes... neither of us have had them before, they were a suggestion from Drew and a good one at that (3.5 stars).   To round out the ratings I'd give 4.0 stars for atmosphere.   All in all, a solid four star experience."}, {"review_id": "H8_r2sqPtRAOml3YgO0eVQ", "user_id": "RGaMvTOueGY9Hk5Wv9fK2A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/21/2018", "text": "My husband and I came to FIG to celebrate our first married Valentines Day together. I was lucky enough to score a fantastic reservation the day it became available. We each started our meals with an adult beverage...he had the Honky Tonk Astronaut and said it was out of this work (literally and figuratively.) I had a glass of the Alfred Merkelbach Riesling and it was perfect. I'm super picky when it comes to sweet wines and it had the perfect amount of sweetness. To start our meal we split the Shaved Cabbage which was just absolutely delicious. All the flavors in this dish blended really well. For our entrees my husband ordered the Strip Steak and I enjoyed the Golden Tile Fish. We also both split a side of beets. The steak was prepared medium which to us is perfection. It was so tender and if you love chimichurri you'll enjoy this meal that much more! The Tile fish was also prepared perfectly. I love white flaky fish and it simply exceeded expectations. While I know it's extremely hard to get a reservation here, I can guarantee you that it's work the wait to get in. The service was excellent and our server was very welcoming and knowledgeable. FIG is a must try if you are visiting Charleston!"}, {"review_id": "3XMkbNzpNoGkmuofSo4WYQ", "user_id": "Hkf1Louo_WA_oNghgut4gw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/22/2018", "text": "This restaurant has been on our radar for quite some time. So to celebrate our anniversary here seemed the best opportunity to try FIG. We were sure to make reservations earlier on since they seem to book fast. The restaurant is quite nice as you enter. There's a small hostess station who greets you then leads you through the bar to the dining area to be seated. The dining area is dim lit and decorated beautifully with unique lighting and rustic mirrors. The white tablecloths always add a bit of elegance as well. The entrees we had were phenomenal. I had grouper with sweet corn my husband had steak with a frisée salad.  Both dishes were beautifully plated and well seasoned. I also believe it's a must to try one of their cocktails. My husband ordered the smoke and mirrors cocktail and I ordered the juniper rose cocktail. Both drinks were well balanced and very impressive. Overall, our experience at FIG made our anniversary very special. The staff was polite and attentive and the overall meal was wonderful."}, {"review_id": "N3BTchtIiXNK_LuCkiHmtw", "user_id": "l7a7pcpOP2GjhSLVsOJQAQ", "rating": 2.0, "date": "2/18/2018", "text": "OK we must've come on an off night as both of our dishes were less than impressive.  First the strip steak was very tough, you don't expect to pay these prices and  end up with a steak you can barely cut with your knife.  The tilefish was completely bland, literally a tasteless dish... presentation was excellent, taste was a zero. Service at the bar was excellent and our sorghum cake with rum raisin ice cream dessert was fantastic.  Based on the yelp pictures of different dishes and the prior reviews I guess this was just an off night. Restaurants like Fig  should not have off nights like this,  too many choices to try Fig again."}, {"review_id": "5petDXlcnzJl1YMy8jwFtg", "user_id": "w4fAucj8C9uqsxF6pbFVzA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/29/2017", "text": "Listen to the reviews and get the Fish Stew Provençal!!! It was by far the best thing I'd eaten in Charleston (including dishes at Husk and 167 Raw). The presentation is nice, the pesto garlic bread was delicious and a perfect compliment to the flavorful broth itself. We also tried the gnocchi, which was definitely good but I really loved the stew much more. The sorghum cake was the only item that didn't impress us. It was too sweet for our liking. No complaints with the service. We got there about half an hour after they opened at 5pm and had to wait about 20 minutes to sit at the bar. I'm coming back next time I'm in town just for that fish stew!"}, {"review_id": "bN2Cg4VS4EzU024Ifmqp3g", "user_id": "G6MB2Dq0jlPu3xkljmvQtw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/31/2018", "text": "Everything (almost everything) was delicious & beautiful. We shared the beef tartine, lamb gnocchi, seafood stew & carrots side dish. We loved everything except for the carrots. There was a sauce on them that was pretty disgusting. I'm usually not bothered by many textures, but it was too much. The waiter made a comment that we thought meant he would take them off our check, but no dice. We didn't bring it up again since we thought maybe we misheard him. We may have been tired from our early morning flight, & getting settled in Charleston, but our waiter was also a little TOO chatty. I feel like that's hard line to walk. We were really excited about our food and just wanted to eat it/experience it before it got cold......"}, {"review_id": "i-P8N2xiaxZ_5jDVFBiSuA", "user_id": "JoNCq8cmvcugDFEqTB35zw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/17/2018", "text": "This place is great. Every time I come here the service is awesome and it is such fresh food. Even if you order a game meat this place some how transforms the food into something citrusy and fresh. The bread and butter could be better, and the appetizers could be larger portions, but the food taste so good. The servers also know the food well, and can explain it very well. The drinks are also very creative, and taste great as well. I tried the pâté and that was delicious, along with the fish tartar. I also got lamb and a dessert, and both were cooked to perfection. The atmosphere is also very high class. Would not suggest wearing grungy clothes."}, {"review_id": "fNsUg7YSpnAQs7DXJSfUwg", "user_id": "KWPGD6i2RzAI98O8nRMbKw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/6/2018", "text": "Came in to Fig prior to attending the Charleston Food & Wine festival.From the beginning, the dinner was fantastic.  I've had some great dinners - this was one.  Potentially more important, I've had some fantastic service/servers - and our server was one of the best I've ever had.Our table of four shared a couple appetizers then each got our own \"entree\" for the main meal.  Two of us (myself included) opted to just get another appetizer as an entree.  To my surprise, the chef personally came out to present my omelet (come on, it's just an omelet - but not at Fig).  He discussed the omelet - and that he doesn't trust anyone else to make the omelet - and our other entrees then spooned the truffle oil over it - it was probably the best omelet I've ever had.Food was great.Wine (good value) - I called ahead and they have a $25 corkage for wines not on their list.  We ordered a bottle of sparkling wine for our appetizers.  Then, I was between a couple bottles for the second course.  I opted for the per glass/bottles and asked the server to taste two of them to see which one I preferred.  She actually returned with three tastes - opting to give me another option that she thought I may have liked.  We ended up ordering one of my choices (cab franc) and enjoyed it greatly.We got some vin santo for dessert.A great evening, great meal, and some of the best service I've ever had."}, {"review_id": "VqCgFMd8htZrPyHFjHXc5w", "user_id": "AoxjdWubuDD7gUHiwrfQXQ", "rating": 2.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "We were in Charleston 2 years ago & had a very memorable dinner at Fig. Everything was perfect from the food to drinks & service. On our way from Florida to Pittsburgh we decided to make s side trip to Charleston just to have dinner at FIG, Sorry to say we were disappointed. Nothing was bad. Just mediocre. Talked to other people who were there for a second time & they agreed. Maybe they need to try harder to please."}, {"review_id": "KSVtVUmkboViX1P3d1KLiA", "user_id": "XU29XfCJpxxp0Ff2mW0J_A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "Some of the best food in the city, if not the best"}, {"review_id": "yN_U5ubx5mxJ-cnQmYAaKg", "user_id": "OEkeEbaIl0J2V1rK2F8Z5Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Honestly, if I could just start with how they serve their bread, adorable. From what I gathered, their menu changes frequently, but that didn't stop us from loving every single thing we got. We weren't disappointed with one dish..."}, {"review_id": "UnfepMtjj82JKEfu90l_zw", "user_id": "tO4_p6vJ4PH2NlaU0VxQiQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "Get a reservation to this one as it's a must try. We waited over an hour to sit at the bar but they didn't disappoint. The drink I had wasn't great, too much bitters but every single dish, including dessert, was a hit. I will be reminiscing about this meal for a long time. See photos"}, {"review_id": "DdpNxYlpvJQmxZPeFTuurQ", "user_id": "2dNimDw_XnMlH78gCNm43A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/16/2018", "text": "AtmosphereFig is adorable inside. Our table was quaint and adorned with fresh flowers and a candle. Dress code varied and many men wore jackets. I did not feel underdressed as the staff wore jeans. ServiceBobby was amazing! He was attentive, patient, and helped us to decided on menu items. I am following a plant-based diet and Bobby was happy to have the chef make a special dish without animal meat or dairy.FoodI ordered a salad to start which was good but not a lot of food. My special vegan dish was mostly a small serving of vegetables with not a lot else. About thirty minutes after the meal I was starving... there was no starch in the dish, which would have made it much better. ValueThe vegetable dish was $32. Given what it consisted of, that seemed a bit steep. I do appreciate chef creating a custom dish. Overall, a good experience at Fig. My recommendation is to add more vegetarian and vegan dishes; I know it is the south but other options would be great. I noticed reviews on Google mentioned this too. We searched on Yelp specifically to find a vegan option and Fig came up. It may just be a matter of correcting the Yelp info."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/fig-charleston?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]