[[{"review_id": "f2FExNUubfFUIGgdvI530Q", "user_id": "pDrfyO4cVfcYhZq97ii_Ow", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "I was honestly blown away with how good swig & swine is! As first timers, we were greeted by the manager right away. He walked me to the hostess stand and put in my party of 2. I thought that right there was great service and started my experience perfectly.Sat at a high top table by the bar. Very nice indoor decor, the bar was appealing, and staff was present at all times.Ordered 2 pulled pork sandwiches. One side of baked potato salad and the other side of sausage red rice. The red rice was a \"premium side\" which our waitress did state but didn't inform us it was an additional cost. I assumed \"premium\" would come with an extra charge so I was fine with that. When the bill came, the \"premium side\" was an extra $1. The sandwiches...WOW! I was so impressed with the size of them and the quality of meat. Not fatty at all and the smokiness to the meat was perfect. Also, I can't forget about the pickles! Sweet and delicious I wanted more!!!Extra plus was that they had 5 different sauces on each table. Our waitress even took the time to explain each sauce to us. My favorite was the sweet red.This is definitely my new favorite BBQ place! Only downfall...the parking lot is small and tight. I will definitely be back!!"}, {"review_id": "oHAdtVlqUc6FuQwJKgCxew", "user_id": "x_Frpa8QWc25FDJ5BJM8tg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/7/2018", "text": "This place is packed day and night! They were out of ribs and sausage by 2 PM the day we came, but that was okay because we ended up getting the amazing Beef Brisket BBQ plate instead. It was very tender and flavorful. Defintiely recommend but it's on the pricey side for BBQ ($17).Each plate comes with a choice of two sides as well, so we tried the collards, corn pudding, coleslaw, and baked potato salad. My favorite side was hands down the corn pudding but all were good.Also tried their pecan pie! Good but I felt like there was more crust than pecan filling."}, {"review_id": "pAYm77RMYNdj6pCADbBJ3A", "user_id": "x-oCRF47zuEgEAjQEwp6Xg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/5/2018", "text": "Wow... while on vacation the family stopped by for BBQ, ETC...I don't know where to beginThe best wings I have ever had, and it's not close..period..(we started with 6 then added 12 more)Ribs, sausage,  chicken,and burnt ends, were next all world class.. then the sides.. the Hash and Rice should be a dish in itself, homemade pickle slices, mac, and slaw.. We loved it so much we went back a second time a day later... Smoked perfection.."}, {"review_id": "39lWdRiu-G2O--dab8gyZw", "user_id": "xFAq7vs6ypaAqIWHFdXV_Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/1/2018", "text": "I'm down here in Charleston for work and a clients tells me about Swig & Swine. This client has given me really good restaurant recommendations that I haven't taken into consideration because I'm hard-headed. He mentioned a Chinese restaurant a few weeks back and I decided to go to another one that was... disgusting. Last time I rely on Google.One of my coworkers was heading home and we all wanted to get together one last time. We were gonna go to Kickin' Chicken, but we were a little fried chickened out. Bowen's came up, but the line was ridiculous. Husk was an idea... An expensive idea, so no. Spent a few minutes looking in the Delish magazine at the hotel and peeped Swig & Swine out the corner of my eye. Why not? Checked it out on Yelp and the prices were great and the pictures were out of sight.The parking situation isn't great, so we ended up parking in the plaza next door which didn't end up being an issue. Convinced that most of the patrons inside had the same idea.You know a bbq joint is good when the smoke chokes you when you walk in. Told my coworkers we would leave smelling like food and they were down. It was pretty nice to be seated immediately on a Saturday evening. Of course, as soon as we get our seats, the dinner rush comes in. Lots of families with screaming babies and unruly kids, but they calmed down when they got some food in their bellies.Note: They do not serve Corona, but they have a list of other drinks. Loads of hipster ales. Our server was Jennifer and she was very patient with us. My coworkers who wanted Corona suffered major face cracks when she told it wasn't on the menu. There was still plenty to drink!We worked a hard ten-hour shift and I didn't take a break, so I went in with an empty stomach. Biiiiiiig mistake to drink some Swine Wine (strawberry moonshine and some Cheerwine) without eating first. That moonshine was strong as hell. My college days turned me into a non-drinker, so I couldn't even drive back after one glass and I'm usually the designated driver. It was delicious though, oh my god~Got some sauced smoked wings and pork rinds with Tobasco honey and blue cheese for our starters. So good! The pork rinds were fluffy and crispy and just melted in your mouth. Didn't require a lot of chewing at all. I've never had Tobasco honey before, but now I am such a fan! The wings were great. Perfectly sauced and the smoke was flavorful.Coworkers got some ribs and burnt ends for their mains. Their sides were baked potato salad, vinegar slaw, collards, hash and rice, and baked beans. Everyone loved their food. I got to snag two burnt ends from one of my coworkers. Mm-hmm~For my main, I got the three meat plate with half a smoked chicken, some smoked pork belly, and the housemade sausage. Was not a fan of the sausage at all, but I was starving so I ate it. It was extremely greasy, the texture was more like boudin than a solid sausage, and it didn't have a distinctive flavor other than smokey. The snap of the casing was on point, though. I didn't try the chicken until the next day, but it was great. Fully cooked and juicy, just how smoked chicken should be.The star of my plate was the smoked pork belly. Talk about some smooth, silky, fatty goodness. I already knew I was going to like it, but I didn't know how much! Now, if it had just been thrown on a flat-top and crisped up in some maple butter, it would have been beyond perfect, but I honestly can't complain about it. Next time, I'm getting that with some brisket and ribs.My side were extra tasty. The corn pudding was a little burnt on top for some added crispness and had the best texture and flavor. I basically treated it as my dessert with how sweet it was. I really enjoyed the hash and rice because it reminded me of something father makes for breakfast that isn't as sweet and it filled me with good memories. My bill came to about $38 which wasn't bad for what I got. Had a great time with my coworkers at a great bbq joint. Can't wait to introduce more people to Swig & Swine. Eat up!"}, {"review_id": "oJvbPpPah4yeBagD3wlQgw", "user_id": "2uECxJWkFhekoPkxVQgTsw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/5/2018", "text": "This was simply a great BBQ meal.  We stopped in on our way to Charleston for a late lunch.  There was no wait at 1:30.  We were seated promptly and the service was very attentive.Now for the important stuff, the food.  We tried several items.  My son had the child's pork sandwich and mac'n'cheese.  My wife and daughter shared a pulled pork plate with potato salad and another side.  I had the two meat plate, brisket and sausage, with double potato salad.  We were all stuffed.  It was a lot of really good food.  Everyone really liked their meal.At first I thought the brisket portion was a little small, but then I saw how thick it was.  It was just right.  The sausage was just a little dry but the sauces helped with that.  The potato salad tasted like it had sour cream in it which made it very different than what I expected.  I loved it.  We tried all of the sauces.  My family really liked the sweet red sauce, but it was ok sweet for me.  The jalepeno and mustard sauces where my two favorite.  Great flavor all around.  In summary, the food was great and well worth the stop.  Outstanding!"}, {"review_id": "1CPQnu7ZuoNac0G0hmt4mQ", "user_id": "AdV6i_PMt-MEMcvbexHNAQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "If you're ever in historic and beautiful Charleston this is the place to go if you love the meat.  Seriously top ten BBQ joints in my life.  A must if your in the area."}, {"review_id": "X6XSk6Irqgde0ilV60H30Q", "user_id": "3rA0bukWiMVMFGSNsd2-Rw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/19/2018", "text": "This is what BBQ restaurants should aspire to be. It's clean, the food is fantastic and the service was exceptional. My wife and I came here for a fun weekend getaway and we'd never been to Charleston so I felt that it was important to have BBQ in a state that's known for BBQ. To say that this place didn't disappoint would be an understatement. It was great! I had a pulled pork sandwich that was up there with some of the best I've had. Such great flavor and fantastic texture too. Far too often I find places have too much fat, these were perfectly trimmed and smoked.The brisket was tender and so flavorful too. My wife and I sure enjoyed it.Tina, our server was amazing. Not only was she friendly, but she went above and beyond to give us a sample of the corn pudding as we'd never heard of it. That stuff was legit! Speaking of pudding, the banana pudding was darned good. Creamy, sweet and so fantastic. This isn't boxed, it's fresh and it's the best I've ever had. Great sauces, great meats, great service. I'd certainly come back again if I was in the area."}, {"review_id": "Ef2F9yhOBABB6Wc4RV-2ww", "user_id": "MscDI5ZgxCAcuhe6v7s7jg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "Consistently amazing. One of the best BBQ places I've been to, and I have kept going there for years, My favorites are their brisket and their mac and cheese. I am not a Mac and Cheese fan, but this is the only place where I absolutely love it.Also, you can't go wrong with their pulled pork and their sausage. I have not had anything here that I haven't been impressed with. Their cocktails are also on point. Yes, parking is a pain but it is worth the aggravation for  their scrumptious, finger-licking BBQ and their friendly service."}, {"review_id": "onw0YScAFvHt4A-0WDNEjQ", "user_id": "Cj1k8zkMFrBs2SbnPGDTHA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/18/2018", "text": "This was quite possibly some of the BEST BBQ I have EVER had. I mean it.    Located right outside of downtown Charleston, in a suburb called West Ashley, this small but contemporary establishment is serving up some Southern bbq to locals and tourists alike.     They have a large variety of beers and other drinks and some of the proceeds actually go towards a fundraiser for pediatric cancer, so you can feel good about that. Nice to see them helping the community.     Service was super friendly and helpful and the food came fairly quickly and hot and fresh. We shared the 3 meat platter. We chose sausage, brisket and burnt ends, Mac and cheese and Brunswick Stew. The brisket was hands down the best ever. I am super picky about my Mac and cheese and it exceeded my expectations. Super rich and creamy! Portions were larger enough but not obscene.    Lastly, for dessert, we shared the PB pie which was beyond anything I've had before. It almost looked like a pot pie with a Nutter butter cookie on top. So freakin good!    We left so full and satisfied! Can't wait to return on our next trip to Charleston."}, {"review_id": "7rKJoVObfNZFccnr2da1Aw", "user_id": "mwAiDLWO4c30tNxNwoLg-Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/6/2018", "text": "Truly one of my favorite BBQ spots in Charleston. Wings (6 for $6): The dry rub seasoning is absolutely delicious and well balanced. I don't find the wings salty or over seasoned at all. I love dipping it with the Alabama White Sauce. I would highly recommend starting off your meal with them. The Brisket Sandwich ($13 + 1 side): The brisket itself is amazing. Not the best that I've had, but definitely one of the best. It's juicy, tender, and the perfect level of smokiness. The sandwich comes loaded with brisket and pickles and onions on the side. The Carolina Mustard Sauce is great to dip with too. Mac & Cheese: I enjoyed it very much and found that it complimented the sandwich well. I'd say it's not creamy, but more thickened, which I liked.  Drinks: They have a wide range of craft beers on tap and in bottles/cans. $5.50 for a canned Coast HopArt IPA, so not bad. Service: Staff members were great in checking in and food came out very quickly."}, {"review_id": "1QzqBRAh0zN55nj75Hl3SA", "user_id": "4A00qnkxorxjBwxv-cv8pQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/15/2018", "text": "Absolutely loved this place! This was our first stop while in Charleston and we ate so much that our second stop was the Airbnb to take a food coma nap. I had an assortment of things, such as the brisket, sliced pork and sausage. The Mac n cheese is drool-worthy. I cannot wait to return here the next time I am in Charleston!"}, {"review_id": "f6ABQk3TLj8KyP8Xr-LSiA", "user_id": "KWPGD6i2RzAI98O8nRMbKw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/8/2018", "text": "We always hit up Swig & Swine when we go to Charleston.  It's always nice to get out of downtown and come here.The food - has always been amazing.  The burnt ends are amazing (some think they're too fatty - but they're picky).  The sides are great and banana pudding is on point.  If you can - just share a plate with someone else - the portions are huge.  Normally, I'll share a plate (one meat, one side) and another side.  On our last visit (table of 4) - we got the pork rinds and pimento cheese app (yum).  I shared a burnt ends plate (with collards) and added some mac n' cheese and beans.  We got a banana pudding to go.  Everything was good!Service is good - nothing great, but still you won't have to worry about having an empty glass or anything like that.Why 4 stars instead of 5?  The parking is a huge pain.  The lot is super small and it can be difficult to find somewhere to park - even mid afternoon.  Come lunch or dinner - it's a nightmare.  My fellow diners have had issues with the fattiness of the meat and some of the sauces.  Again, not huge issues and I'm still a huge fan - just things that need to be said."}, {"review_id": "5jMcq4zL2l-6bFi5n_RGJA", "user_id": "6IgTdpxEAKVAphU40yEVBg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/13/2017", "text": "Stopped here with my friend when we got to Charleston and it was great! The service was amazing (talk about southern hospitality) the server was super patient with us and explained everything in the menu. I got the beef brisket and dry rub wings as recommended and oh my God  they did not dosappoint! I loved that they had the different sauce options and you can mix and match and get to try all of them at your discretion. Then if the food wasnt good enough we got convinced to have some of the dessert and they had a personal pecan pie and that's my weakness! It definitely did not disappoint. Overall I would recommend this place if you happen to be in Charleston."}, {"review_id": "wQ11vkDTQxROo4YVcwyFTw", "user_id": "W9mIAux3jg-XmZdyiYl0eg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "11/27/2017", "text": "I had been given rave reviews of this place. I wanted to love it. I was craving a really good pulled pork, and where else would you find such a thing as a place called Swig & Swine?We tasted all the sauces, and our fave was the jalapeño.The brisket, I must say, was a 5-star yum.But the pulled pork was only ok at best. The corn pudding was bland and grainy. The Brussels sprouts were over smokey to the point of inedible. And the pie was, again, ok.Everyone tasted everyones stuff. We'll be back, but not for the pulled pork."}, {"review_id": "MR59210nZETSe8UzL4x6vg", "user_id": "HhkJiu2WWWp7SkgqJBo0jA", "rating": 1.0, "date": "2/10/2018", "text": "Let me start by saying the pulled pork sandwich and hash/rice I ordered this afternoon (2/10/18) were delicious.  And our waitress Ashlee was very friendly and super attentive.  So why the one star?  Because Yelp won't let me give zero.  Now let me tell you that my gf got deathly ill tonight, vomiting all night long.  She nearly passed out twice trying to get to the bathroom.  She got a really bad case of food poisoning.  Other than the pancakes she had at home for breakfast hours earlier, the only thing she ate today was Swig & Swine's brisket sandwich and a few baked beans with brisket in them.  We are there late afternoon so I can only assume they made the brisket much earlier and failed to keep it at proper temperature.  So eat here at your own peril.  Seeing how bad my gf felt and how sick she was, I won't take the chance so I'll never return to this location.Update:  A few hours later I also got food poisoning and began vomiting, although to a lesser degree.  Since I ate a lot of her beans with brisket, I can only conclude it was the brisket.  I see they have a health score of \"A\", but I personally give them an \"F\".   This is the only time in my life I've gotten food poisoning, so it isn't a common occurrence to where I can say \"it happens\" and move on.  I had no issues with their Summerville location, but I won't return to the S&S location in West Ashley."}, {"review_id": "EHk8Sbd2kHfDlISXna5HnA", "user_id": "0NbBgkwo3DbdycerTyeptQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "Had the boritto plate with the slaw. Amazing! Very good dinner to say the least. Great menu with a quick prep time after your order. Highly recommend."}, {"review_id": "VXhqB_SoD7xiSNNtnaMfvA", "user_id": "H4Koq3dtKQ5cVEl6KCujUA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "This place was amazing. Great atmosphere and incredible food. I had the wings and the fried pickles and a craft beer. All exceeded my expectations and I will definitely be back next time I am in town. I love the sign on the outside of the building. Hilarious!"}, {"review_id": "5QQmgaohwdRguwv6LEd3Qg", "user_id": "2SfI6j5f1jD4hJWObGa1Yg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "Man oh man, this was one amazing meal had the 3 meat meal and the pecan pie. The service was great and so was the food so flavorful and the meat just melts in your mouth yet explodes with flavor. The pecan pie is made in house so it is not overly heave or sweat just perfect. If you are in the area this place is a must."}, {"review_id": "pIadiKxQaP8v1HHJobg1uA", "user_id": "4e5oE0QNzK8J_Z4xzDJu_g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/12/2018", "text": "Mmm BBQ! My boyfriend was craving BBQ and I was craving Mac and cheese so Swig & Swine was the perfect place to go. We had spent the day out and about with our two dogs and this restaurant has a dog friendly outside patio. We decided to get the fried pickle appetizer and ooooo was it good! Next, we decided to split the 2 meat plate with a side of mac and cheese! The food was great but not quite the amount I expected to get. I will definitely be back to try out other items from the menu, anywhere I can bring my pup is a great place to me!"}, {"review_id": "GSz5X-AMiIzV9I9du2G5Ow", "user_id": "hXSzBUjnORNXkaxwA1j-vg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "8/30/2017", "text": "Swig & Swine is a barbecue joint in Charleston that should be on the list for any barbecue lover.  The smoked meats are delicious, the sauces unique, and the service is friendly.  It doesn't matter if you prefer Memphis, Texas, or Carolina style BBQ, you'll find some darn good food here.My Overall Rating - 3 Stars (Atmosphere, Food, Return)Atmosphere - Smoke smell?  Check.  Chalkboard with meat by the pound?  Check.  Illustration of a cow and it's cuts?  Check.  T-shirts for sale?  Check.  Throw in a bar, several booths, tons of smoked meats behind glass to drool over, and you get an amazing restaurant.  1 Star.Service - A little too laid back on my visit.  While I server was super friendly, the restaurant wasn't very busy on the day of our visit, yet service was slow.  We had to flag her down for simple things like drink refills.  If it was busy I completely get it but on this visit, that wasn't the case.  No Stars.Food - We started with the pork rinds & never looked back.  Even if you don't like pork rinds there's nothing like eating a fresh batch.  The special of the day was a grilled pimento cheese and pulled pork sandwich.  The buttered Texas toast held the tangy pimento cheese and tender pork perfectly.  I switched to a fork midway through to finish it off, but it was fantastic.  We also ordered the ribs & smoked pork belly.  Unfortunately, the ribs were a bit dry and overdone.  The pork belly was probably great but after eating the sammich I couldn't enjoy it as much.  Still - a great meal.  1  1/2 Star.Will I Return? - Probably.  I would like to come back to try the beef options.  This visit was to pay homage to the swine (it's in the name).  Except for the service, it didn't disappoint.   1/2 Star.My Yelp Rating Scale (Sum of all parts):1 Star - Atmosphere - Is it a cool dive?  Perhaps an upscale place?  No matter the type, atmosphere plays a big part and I'll give a star if I like it or thinks it has great charm.1 Star - Service - You can have a great meal with bad service.  But that's also what can make a five star joint drop to four.  It's important to the dining experience that service is great and on point.2 Stars - Food - I'll award up to two stars for the food, since this is the main reason we dine out.  Sometimes the extra star is given for value, but it's really all about the food.1 Star - Will I come back? - If I know for a fact I'll return, I'll give this a star. A place has to make an impression for me to return. Each Category can be given up to 1 star except food (2 stars) because I consider all these categories important to the overall dining experience.  I will sum them up to provide my final Yelp score."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/swig-and-swine-charleston?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]