[[{"review_id": "_xLlsecdpx6lXyPPayfzZA", "user_id": "yfABZOut0uSIq7lK6JRCzQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/16/2018", "text": "This place is my spot. I eat here way too much. I can't help it, these guys have it figured out. I'm always impressed with the food, the atmosphere, and the service. It's the way a steakhouse in South Dakota should feel. It's really welcoming, high class, but not too stuffy.It's very approachable to anyone who has never been there before. The only stipulation--they usually ask that you reserve a seat prior, but I've been accommodated as a walk-in several times.My usual order- cheese plate, salad, 6 oz. filet, and the bread pudding. I'm not crazy about their lunch but hey... that's not really why you go here.This place deserves every single one of its five-star reviews. Best restaurant in Rapid City hands-down."}, {"review_id": "oG3o_OHhth7oZJ3XlmqK2w", "user_id": "a80LjOqGFtJTCvbXxNJfbA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/17/2018", "text": "You might like big bones just as much as the next guy or gal. But don't fall for the Delmonico ribeye. Sure, it looks like a gigantic dinosaur bone, but expect to pull out mounds of fat from the meat. You're better off ordering a smaller, better cut. That said, the delmonico is definitely enough food for two people considering you each get to pick a soup or salad plus one side each. Everything I tried was okay, but nothing was \"wow\". The lobster Mac and cheese side was the closest to wow, but that was because they put huge pieces of lobster in it, not because of the Mac& cheese with peas aspect. My salad was pretty sad, the three cherry tomatoes were shriveled up. And some of the lettuce pieces had seen better days. But one nice touch with the salad - they give you a chilled fork.Also, be sure to make a reservation even during the off-season. The host seemed a little put off we hadn't made one.Our server was AWESOME though. He came by as soon as we finished something and he checked in with us often. He was on the ball. If you wind up getting him (young guy with a ponytail), throw him a little extra tip. He's getting into photography and seems like an all around cool person. And no, we don't know him at all, we just were really impressed by him."}, {"review_id": "ELun1gvbeRDr3gf1Z-1smA", "user_id": "dS1NBTu4-LLqqho08NmaiA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/22/2017", "text": "We absolutely love this place! It has consistently great dishes, nice-sized portions, and very good service. We have come here for lunch and dinner probably 25+ times now, and it's fair to say that they have the best lunch specials in town.They usually have a $6.25 1/2 sandwich + 1/2 soup or salad, as well as $8 and $13 features as well.Highest quality steaks and burgers in town. We used to go to Dakotah, but have happily switched over."}, {"review_id": "kkbnBkU2YWhEY0NA_FycGQ", "user_id": "TNe0haVlEBMAf7StCFuzRg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "High end service restaurant in downtown rapid city.  Very nice ambiance for a special occasion or for a business night out.   I only rated this a three star as the New York strip was not the best cut.  I've eaten here several times and pretty consistent.  For this money it should only be the finest."}, {"review_id": "ZOk6lsY-mjCdKaU1OnrqKw", "user_id": "bj8eKrfiYC8nc7uH4jyxcw", "rating": 2.0, "date": "7/28/2017", "text": "I tried Demonico Grill before and wasn't impressed, but a wise person would say, \"try it twice before saying no\". So I came here again this week and decided indeed this is not the place for me. I came here on a summer Thursday night and it was packed here. I got into the door and the host was non-existence. I stood by the door for about 5 minutes, the staff would walk by, but nobody acknowledged my presence. The host finally showed up and told me the restaurant was full, but I could go straight to the bar as the bar serves full menu as well. I sat at the bar and the bartender was very nice and attentive. Nothing to complain here in regards to service I received at the bar. I ordered the Ahi Tuna appetizer, the bison tartare, and a side ceaser salad. All guests received complimentary bread. The bread : nice and warm with whipped butter. The butter was nothing like any \"nice\" butter. There was no butter-y taste. I'm a sweet butter kind of gal, so I would really appreciate if they served the bread with brown sugar butter or something. The ceaser salad: the salad was fresh. I also forget to ask for light dressing so it's a little too salty for me, but overall within expectation.The Ahi Tuna appetizer: utter disappointment. The Tuna was not fresh and the texture felt a little weird. The seaweed salad on the bottom of the tuna was subpar. It's basically just store brought seaweed salad with no character. The bison tartare: the bison meat was not chopped well. There were strings of meat so I had to cut them up myself. When eating meat tartare, it's pretty heavy, so a nice touch of acid would balance I very well, but you would not find that here. The tartare was actually quite heavy and the taste was very underwhelming. P.S. The first time I was here I ordered a steak with Parmesan fries but I didn't think it's all that impressive. Overall, I don't think I would come back here again as I believe the quality of the food I was served was subpar and the taste was not at all outstanding in any ways. I did not finish my meal. In fact, I had more than half of my food leftover because that's just how much I didn't like my food."}, {"review_id": "ALKYZ2S7BiXrlcBGO4Z4jg", "user_id": "wupW_8g4nz20t04CWWfagw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/11/2018", "text": "A fun menu with a wide variety. Nice ambiance. Mostly friendly service. Good service. Very accommodating. Very tasty. We will come back again when in town."}, {"review_id": "CLQLqE8qePc8u_sWlF8TUw", "user_id": "SP49h7KFV4aZbSSJBCatLQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/30/2017", "text": "Had the best dinner while in town for work. The restaurant is in downtown and the area is super cute for walking around. The interior is modern and crisp. Greys, white and black with a splash of reds.The food was excellent. We started with bruschetta and a bacon wrapped shrimp dish with jalapenos and pineapple. Both were fabulous. I loved the shrimp dish! Sweet and spicy!Then had an excellent wedge salad...Lots of blue cheese chunks, dressing and fresh cut bacon chunks.I had the ribeye steak with lobster mac and cheese...So tasty!! Steak was perfectly cooked...Good sear but still to temperature. The mac and cheese had good chunks of lobster and rich cheese flavor. Really tasty!!Finished with a butterscotch pot de creme. Perfect pudding consistency. Not too sweet. Excellent end to a perfect dinner!Service was spot on. Great timing. Friendly and ensured the meal was flowing well. Great recommendations!Street parking would be easy to find."}, {"review_id": "Q2VmdqFvKVNGWRFclFPVcw", "user_id": "UTwdU-SAdq9uNADSSmy95g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/24/2017", "text": "I had to say this is one of the best restaurants I have ever eaten in. The service was excellent. The moment I walked into the door from the hostess, to the waitress and manager....they strove to ensure that myself and the group I came with to eat was comfortable and satisfied with all aspects of their meal.Our party of four began our meal by ordering two appetizers the bruschetta and the cheese plate which were exquisite. My meal came with a choice of a soup or salad and I chose to have a bowl of their chili. Their chili was one of the best I have ever had....plenty of meat and heavy on the flavor with just the right amount of heat. My main course consisted of the grilled double pork chop with roasted garlic mashed potatoes. Those mashed potatoes were the creamiest mashed potatoes I have ever had. The pork chop....huge, juicy, flavorful...best porkchop I have ever had.In regards to the ambience of the place...it is very clean and modern and definitely somewhere that if I lived in the area would take a date to if I was aiming to really wind, dine and impress. Is this place a bit pricey? Yes, but it is worth every single penny."}, {"review_id": "BpV5y9BwMFACCtW9zZ8eUQ", "user_id": "jk-mJLHOvVtGWu-O_qh0aQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "8/11/2017", "text": "I would rate them a solid 4 1/2 stars! (Yelp really should institute half stars)We tried it thanks to our fellow Yelpers who rated it high.Upon entering, the hostess greeted us warmly and took us to our table. The interior is very cool. Upscale feeling without being pretentious. Our waitress (Jamie? I'm terrible with names) greeted us and asked if we had any questions about the menu. We informed her about one member of our party having serious food allergies and she was diligent enough to take note. She made some recommendations for her and promised to alert the chef. She then made a few recommendations for the rest of us and I'm glad I listened. I ordered the special that she told us usually runs out. I had my eye on it already. Bison over pene with a brandy cream sauce including mushrooms and onions. It was outstanding!! I could see while they run out. Now I was not expecting the pene to be al dente and it wasn't. (it should have been) However it wasn't too bad. My wife and especially my daughter who insisted on, \"sampling\" it several times agreed. The bison was cooked as the chef recommended, medium rare. It was a little tough but I have strong teeth. So no complaints. I'd definitely get it again.My Caesar salad was perfect. Just enough dressing without drenching it, nice anchovies, and served with a chilled fork. A little detail that I notice when served a salad. For dessert I tried something I'd never heard of. Unfortunately I forgot the name. But I was told it was a recipe given to them from another restaurant that had closed. Basically it was very rich butterscotch pudding with a large dollop of fresh whipped cream on top. If you like butterscotch then this is for you! The fresh whipped cream was delicious. My daughter agreed as she, \"sampled\" it as well several times.Here are the few things that couldn't allow me to give it five stars. My daughter ordered the calamari. It was tough, hence it was over cooked. It doesn't have to be an Italian restaurant to get it right. Two steaks were ordered medium and came out medium rare. A steakhouse should nail that every time. If I'm ever in the area again, I'll definitely return!"}, {"review_id": "WeLP16z9T0lMsb3UnmpCRg", "user_id": "595NYRojB3-FlN1EmBVZFg", "rating": 2.0, "date": "7/3/2017", "text": "It actually disappoints me to write this review as I hope that our experience was just a fluke and not their normal.  This was not the most terrific experience.  If you look at most of my other reviews you will find that I tend to slant toward the high end of ratings, so for me to post this is out of the norm for sure.The experience started with a far less than professional greeting by the host.  He was a young man that clearly was not having a good day or was clearly not having a good night at work.  We asked for a table for two, were boldly asked if we had reservations (which we did not) and we were stood standing there for several minutes while the host made it quite clear that he was put out of his way to assist us.  This was followed by a substantial wait for our server with no one to stop by to even take a drink order.Our server was actually a bright light, delightful actually.  She had a great personality and apologized for the significant wait for her arrival.  We thought that it was going to get moving from that point, but we were mistaken.  We waited for over 30 minutes for our entrees to be brought tableside.  There couldn't have been more than 6 other tables seated at that time so they couldn't have been rushed off their feet.The final positive note is that when the food arrived it was very good indeed.  Steaks were cooked perfectly, seasoned beautifully but we would expect that at the very least considering the cost.  This place was not unreasonable for the food quality and flavor, but for the wait times we experienced, the location is underperforming ... at least for our experience.While I would not return, I hope that you would have a better experience than us."}, {"review_id": "SccR_80L96zhLTKoukqj4A", "user_id": "Z16OsDnJl1aOkutLuEm7zQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/18/2016", "text": "Having traveled to Rapid City on business for many years, I'm always looking for a good dinner spot. I had never had the opportunity to try Delmonico, and this was my chance. There were four of us for dinner and all four were quite pleased and actually impressed with our experience. We had a wonderful meal. My only disappointment was that they only serve beer and wine, no spirits. Not really an issue, we ordered up a nice bottle of Cabernet from Napa Valley and it was a wonderful accompaniment to our meal. Three of us had steaks and each one was cooked to perfection as you would expect at a steakhouse.  I had the grilled double cut Pork-chop and a Caesar salad for my dinner  The job was prepared with caramelized apples and onions, blue cheese and bacon, cooked to medium temperature - delicious! We finished off the meal with Port for dessert.  Service was terrific and the ambience was comfortable with contemporary decor and good for business conversation.  I'll be back and certainly would recommend this to others visiting Rapid City looking for a terrific dinner in an upscale restaurant.  Salute!"}, {"review_id": "qeNro-U1a-h1LkKYMg2Niw", "user_id": "C1pdyOu7NkhWKmTi35dd_Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/23/2017", "text": "We got to come here for Rapid City's Restaurant Week. They had a special menu, which included either an appetizer or a dessert, and an entree for only $20 dollars. We had reservations, since it was a holiday and we heard the wait may be long, especially during the restaurant week. We were seated right away, however, no one came to take our drink order for nearly 10 minutes; apparently our waitress was too busy with a big table, and missed us. Not a great first impression, but it was later redeemed by the quality of the food and the follow up service by our new waiter. My boyfriend and I shared the appetizer and the dessert. I got the salmon and he got the prime rib.It was easily the most tender salmon I've ever had. It wasn't flaky, as if it was over cooked, it had a nice consistency and a delicious flavor. I had a couple bites out of the prime rib. I had only had prime rib once before, and it didn't impress me. This one though, was so much more full of flavor and tenderness.The appetizers and dessert were exquisite. We paired our dinner with the suggested wines, and boy did they compliment the flavors!I would definitely recommend this place and would come back here again. One of the best restaurants in town."}, {"review_id": "ceFsbnnwbGRQBBdAUWVe4w", "user_id": "G1nWbLQWZ7yzGM5Aoou7Ug", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/2/2017", "text": "From the moment you walk up to the Delmonico Grill you're captured by the authentic Old West down town.  A simple store front opens to a friendly hostess station.  You'll notice the pleasant melody of a live pianist.The wine selection, the beer selection is a very large menu.  The food menus features a vast variety of delectable plates. The portion sizes are very true to their description by the terrific waiting staff.The waiter we had was fantastic at multitasking between tending to her tables and talking up a storm in relations with her patrons.  The whole wait staff went above and beyond for my guests and myself. The food was splendid and very flavorful cooked exactly to our exact preferences. No one at my table ordered the Rib for 2 which comes out looking like a dinosaur bone and meat.  Buffalo burger was extremely good. If you're in the Rapid City area, this is a must check out restaurant.  My only bad review of this place is the lack of spirit involved drinks, there is some price issues with Rapid City and the ability to obtain more hard liquor.  Other than that the best place to eat in Rapid City.  Cheers"}, {"review_id": "eTkaxhtTnlw2g0Xn89bo6g", "user_id": "KpBKIowBhWmH5UF1q9cs4A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/24/2018", "text": "My husband and I were both impressed with this place. At first we were a little put off by the prices of the steaks, but there are some more affordable things on the menu. The server did ask if we had reservations which we did not, but they were able to seat us quickly. I had steak tips which were probably the best I have ever had. The steak was good, but what made it great was the sautéed vegetables it was served with. My husband had a burger which was at least 1/3 pound and done like he ordered. I liked the atmosphere of the restaurant. We would definitely eat here again."}, {"review_id": "CJSx6nfozVDnuHMmisP89w", "user_id": "dwkOJrgmWxvpU5YpRilE9g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "8/5/2016", "text": "This was by far the best meal I had in South Dakota. I would highly recommend the bison tartar and the ahi salad. My daughter ordered the scallop entree with lentils and thought it was delicious, but she said the scallops were slightly overdone. They had watermelon gazpacho soup for a special and hat was also yummerific. Here is my beef--no liquor license. Beer and wine--whaaat??!! I was really hoping for a good Bloody Mary. Get on that Delmonico's!"}, {"review_id": "3NzwIxbJfulI7mIhKeLnkw", "user_id": "KurYvKLVgvVEY9pyxfqXwQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/15/2017", "text": "Been here once on a work visit. First thing that strikes you is the high ceiling. Patrons and the staff are dressed nice. The food is rich and tasty. The portions are pretty big - so plan for that. The atmosphere is a bit formal and the ambient sounds are pretty low. The seafood felt inexplicably fresh, but the chocolate cake dessert was a bit too rich, sweet and smothered in whipped cream for my taste. I'll definitely eat here if I visit SD again."}, {"review_id": "LUpnCktNW8fIX6_hxbPOpQ", "user_id": "DjHg3Gg4Yav1TP0LAfZygQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "10/2/2015", "text": "This is probably the best steakhouse in Rapid City. The bone-in ribeye for two is a phenomenal cut of meat, and I challenge you to find anything else like it in this area.The first time I visited Delmonico, I asked the waiter to suggest the best steak in the menu. He recommended the Kona-crusted ribeye because \"you won't find anything else like that around here\". He was probably right, but I didn't love the steak. The meat was fine (I'm assuming it was USDA choice), but I wasn't a fan of the preparation. It came with a sauce that was sweet and not at all complimentary to the meat. I left slightly disappointed. The service was attentive and very good, but I just didn't love my steak. The second time I visited, I decided to not ask for advice from the server and ordered the bone-in ribeye for two...but for myself. The waitress was incredulous and warned me that I wouldn't be able to finish it by myself. Oh, how looks can deceive. The steak was massive (probably 32 ounces without the bone), a couple inches thick, and cooked perfectly to medium rare. Very well-seasoned, with deliciously rendered fat and crisp edges. Everything you want in a good steak. It was delicious. I did manage to eat the whole thing, of course.The sides aren't quite as good as the steak, but they're pretty good. I would say that the bone-in ribeye is really what sets this restaurant apart from other places in Rapid City."}, {"review_id": "j_jbb4U7W8FHh_mgJeZEQw", "user_id": "C-ObuoSf6iXBnc0MgAJBrw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/17/2016", "text": "Holly is fantastic, wine list is really enlighting. Wish they had distilled spirits would have loved a Manhattan before dinner."}, {"review_id": "zDIqcyNUtxUzOnZqpiUuNA", "user_id": "YhMN9gxwLuEMJyfkO-WkpA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/26/2018", "text": "Cheese plate and ahi salad for lunch. Both were really good. The ahi was prepared perfectly. The server was very friendly and knew the menu well."}, {"review_id": "nST_4wRKUrPSR4n7gdk88A", "user_id": "bws67wAD5P-ZD8oaXcTqKQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/15/2017", "text": "Great steaks and appetizers as well as fantastic deserts. Coming from Los Angeles this is a fantastic traditional strake house.  The servers a attentive and are used to serving an international clientele. They have a great wine list and beers from all over. Come and enjoy a fantastic dinner while visiting Mt. Rushmore."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/delmonico-grill-rapid-city?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]