[[{"review_id": "YclN66QdDc0EU-1CQ5Hjdw", "user_id": "NvO3OvFdhkIftdH4xI_94A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/15/2017", "text": "These are the kind of places I love Yelp! for.  Literally run by a husband and wife(not positive, but pretty sure), she was serving and he was in the kitchen.  Finding a place in N. Charleston with 100 reviews and a 4 star rating I figured they were doing something right, so me and my father decided to go for lunch.  This is not the kind of place you would just find on your own.It was relatively busy for lunch so the Lady of the Restaurant was a running around a bit but she managed. The only criticism I would have was due to them literally having just themselves there.  My dad's chicken parm sandwich came out WAY before my pizza so I had to sit and watch him eat and vise-versa.That can be excused as they were both extremely delicious.  The bread on the sandwich was crunchy, the sauce was delicious and the chicken was good.  It also came with a side of fries which were fried crispy and some of the best fries I've had in a while.  My pizza was delicious...I wouldn't say it was the best I've had in town but it was phenomenal as I like EVO way too much.  I had the margherita with extra garlic.  It was just passed well toasted but not quite burnt.  Wouldn't say it was a bad thing though.  The crust was thin but not crispy which is the way I like it.Was definitely pleasantly surprised by the place and will be returning again."}, {"review_id": "bRkTlGkXwwRKyNj03yl7pQ", "user_id": "6H4Zj-c7FqM9mCsXvwaEQw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/14/2018", "text": "My work buddy took me here for lunch as he just raved about this place.  In what used to be a 60's style diner it didn't look like a Pizza place.  But as the old saying goes - Looks can be deceiving!   We were seated in one of the booths and the waitress quickly took our drink orders.  After looking over the menu I just knew I had to try the Pizza.  I went with the meat lovers as it sounded good.   Our food arrived about 12 minutes later.  My Pizza looked awesome.  my buddy got the Gyro plate which I got to try also.  The Gyro meat looked like the buy it sliced already and do not on the big Spit like other places I have been too.  The Gyro meat was decent but being thin it was on the dry side.  The Pizza on the other hand was cooked to perfection. With plenty of toppings and being cooked so expertly it was one of the best Pizzas I have had in years.  Unlike the chains who barely cook the Pizza and slightly melt the cheese this pizza cheese was fully melted and the oils from the meats had mixed in with the melted cheese.  This is how I love Pizza and I was truly impressed.     The service is good and the inside is lightly decorated giving the feel of a nice Mom and Pop Pizza place.  Nothing fancy just good food at a good price.  I was complimenting the owner on how much I liked the Pizza and how perfectly it was cooked.  He said it wasn't anything special with their oven it was all about the temperature.  He even told me the temp to use and said if I took one of his pies home uncooked I could get the same excellent results at home.  I am going to take him up on that next time.  Looking forward to trying more of their Italian cuisine!!!"}, {"review_id": "Uz7caVAdNV_VjBFqPYIAEQ", "user_id": "WQFGoiX-Ve26c_CmYu1wxA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/25/2017", "text": "Recently visited for a weekend stay in Charleston. My dad purchased a restaurant.com voucher that I'm really thankful for, because without it we wouldn't have discovered this place. Don't be fooled by its diner-like appearance and interior - this place is outrageously delicious. The menu had categories of salads, subs, wraps, pastas, and of course pizzas.We are a family of four and chose to settle for a large Margherita pizza. Easily the BEST Margherita pizza I've ever tasted. It's not usually what people order here, but it's definitely my favorite kind of pizza. My little sister loves it so much she ate four slices, to my dismay. We also got a serving of the house-made lasagna. I'm a huge fan of sweet tomato sauces, so I was a huge fan. Only reason I gave it a four was because I was a little underwhelmed by the large pizza. I felt that it should've been bigger for its price tag. Nevertheless, please go here and try it out."}, {"review_id": "bhm-Qftl9GDp_4c9_egP_g", "user_id": "InkbdRvz35C95IbupEXzDg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "8/19/2017", "text": "Nice tasty pizza! :) I got cheese, pepperoni and broccoli. The broccoli gets crispy which is so good. But here's the deal, the missing star is because they got my order wrong. I ordered personal size, I got a small, that was a 4.00 (higher) difference in price. Because I had never been there I didn't know there was a difference until I got the bill. Should have been about 5 bucks, instead it was 9.50. It frustrates me that the servers don't write stuff down anymore. This whole memory thing is not impressive to me, I'd rather them take notes so we all get what we actually ordered. I would go back again, but will make sure they get my order correct."}, {"review_id": "cfpvAZUBNQ_uN9R7aHKjCA", "user_id": "zftgDC6ecAdXeCD-wSztRA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "6/9/2017", "text": "Wanted to try a pizza restaurant that shows up on many of the \"Top Charleston pizza restaurant\" lists. Chose to visit Charleston House of Pizza (CHOP) as I'd drove by it a hundred times and is close to my work. Lunch time visit with a coworker, arrived promptly at its 11:00am opeming and were the only customers for 10 or so minutes. Order drinks and reviewed menu. I ordered a 10' pizza...half  house special, half meatlovers. Coworker ordered a 10' house special. Menu covers pizza, calzones, pastas, subs, wraps, and salads. Our pizzas arrived timely even as the phone calls for takeout started,  and inside customers increased. One bite of the meatlovers half and I was hooked, this is a seriously good pizza. A bite of the house special confirmed it....one of my new favorites pizzas in the Charleston area. Great crust, not super thin, not deep dish, was absolutely perfect with the right amount of cheese and other toppings. Taste was awesome,  reminded me of some pizza's I had during my time in Italy. My coworker thoroughly enjoyed his and remarked we had just found somewhere to replace our favorite Rivers Ave pizza joint.After my visit...no doubt it offers some of the best pizza in Charleston. I will return for pizza, but also to try some of the other items. Give this hidden gem on Dorchester Road a try. You'll be pleasantly surprised as I was."}, {"review_id": "9y_qV8jooq4O6ci_Q0UMTg", "user_id": "YHZjvzuHFbFlruKF9Ue2Hw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/8/2018", "text": "This local diner is a hidden gem! My boyfriend and I ordered the BBQ chicken pizza on a weekend trip to Charleston and it was absolutely amazing."}, {"review_id": "9i4v4o5CgJgUb-zyKi5IOA", "user_id": "IL3tD6tO-eYC1cv2AmvQnQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2017", "text": "What a great surprise! We stopped in here around 2 on a Friday afternoon for a super late lunch. They weren't busy at all, and I was VERY skeptical due to the location. As soon as our order of mozzarella sticks made it to the table, I was smitten! First of all, their tomato sauce is probably the most delicious thing on the planet. HOLY. COW. So good! We went with a small meat lovers pizza and it was just incredible - the crust was cooker perfectly (I usually won't even eat crust!), the meat was piled high, and everything was topped off with cheese! We didn't get anything for dessert since it was lunch time, but I was intrigued by their sweet tooth sign, so it's on my list! The gentlemen who waited on us were very polite and made sure we had everything we needed before we left. All in all, a great place to grab pizza! We will definitely be back!"}, {"review_id": "9AEdzPtFdTlPvQCskKQSIA", "user_id": "3o5K2UBV5m7WXuWGK9rsLg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/9/2017", "text": "When I came into this place for the first time it was over a year ago. While working I had drove by and  seen the resturant's unique name House of pizza.  I found the name different and cool so I decided to give it a try. The place exterior was old looking building. Inside it very busy and I recall seeing the female owner have a string of customer's credit cards sprawled all over the counter top while she was checking out customers orders. I recall thinking yikes  that seems dangerous what if she mixes someone's order up, but looking on the bright side  thought perhaps that's just how they operate so I quickly picked up my personal pan cheese pizza and left. I  was very impressed by the delicious authentic taste of the pizza with the natural tomato sauce and,  cheese with garlic seasonings. My second time unfortunately was a bad experience. I ordered the cheese pizza over the phone in the evening and the lady must've not understood me because she quickly cut me off and hung up the phone. I repeatedly tried to call back but the line was busy so like many things I figured nothing will get fixed unless you go in person. When arrived I spoke to the owners son and he was very kind and apologetic for her behavior stating quote( that's my mom) shes from Italy so she speaks broken English. He didn't charge me for the pizza. As I left greatful of him I was still in shock by her treatment towards me as I was leaving she still tried to charge me, by then I felt like jeez I'm never coming here ever again.    A year later after the incident I had a much better experience because  I had come on my work shift with a client and thier family and the very same lady was our waitress. I didn't know if she remembered the incident last year  but I didn't say anything. She graciously took our orders and asked several times thru our meals if everything was ok.  Since she was kind and seemed nicer this time I chalked the past experience up to thinking perhaps she was having a bad day. I really like this Italian authentic  pizza and  considering I'm a pizza snob from  NYC I love pizza. I will definitely refer others to try there delicious  pizza."}, {"review_id": "-pUuQgiWHaRDJ6A_1fINAA", "user_id": "HhkJiu2WWWp7SkgqJBo0jA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "8/1/2017", "text": "Second time at CHOP.  Both times good food with quick service at reasonable prices.  The owners are Greek, and what they fail to deliver with a smile they make up for in fast service.  Today had the philly cheese steak with fries and a coke.  All for about $12.  Philly was really good.  My only knock would be the fries could have more flavor, other than just that fried food batter taste with ketchup. Last time I got the personal size pizza with custom toppings and a coke; under $10.  Pizza was good.  If I had to pick something negative to say about that experience, and I'm really just being picky now, it's that the pizza was a tad bit greasy, but not so much that it affected the flavor.  Overall, good food and I'll definitely visit CHOP again when I have a craving for some good pizza, pasta or a sub."}, {"review_id": "LRtR3NoPTu1ovUzS65lumg", "user_id": "qBaE18riUs1C3oqDjdr6DQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "7/24/2017", "text": "By far the best pizza in Charleston. The salads, pasta, calzones, and cheese steaks are amazing as well.This is a family run business, where they treat you like an old friend. If it's a busy night, have patience! Food is excellent quality, you will not be disappointed."}, {"review_id": "-upYdQAShfOlxCP0p-39lQ", "user_id": "1Y7e3i5yJeJta9LeKU2S7w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/20/2018", "text": "Such a cool atmosphere of a little diner and really great food and service! They were incredibly sweet when we came in with our three kids and we really loved it!"}, {"review_id": "jsb4x7l95Yx0rt_XFDlG1Q", "user_id": "VZsPfTXTjTAFbNa4gq21OA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "9/19/2016", "text": "A true Italian pizza has a thin crust made with flour, yeast and water. Nothing else.American pizza's usually have a thick crust, you can possibly also find oil or another fat in the crust.  The topping on an Italian pizza is very light compared to an American one: the most popular in Italy is \"pizza margherita\", which just have fresh tomatoes, mozzarella and basil. If you love a true Italian style pizza, and you crave that simple crust  then you will love this place! Service is charming, but can be slow, and you may not get what you ask for."}, {"review_id": "jvmtf5BsoQcdmkCRqKlnkw", "user_id": "p1Dd3ohq_R-LwnFTHtUsMA", "rating": 1.0, "date": "2/8/2018", "text": "Spend 40 dollars on pizza that we came to pick up we got charged $4 by mistake and told the waitress/owner that she made a mistake. Big mistake on our part for being honest. Her husband then told her to move aside and he created one more transaction with our debit card and charged us 4 dollar on the top of 4 dollars tip we gave him  so instead of paying 40 dollars for our two pizza we paid almost $50. Combined He said his terminal transaction fees needed to be added to our bill every time he processed the card because he said and I quote  \"that's the law.\".  Scammer be aware . Piece of advice: Dude Thank good you are greek and not Italian because I would be embarrassed for you.  Please leave pizza making to Italians cause you suck. DO NOT RECOMMEND."}, {"review_id": "GXJEmnSABiGZQLMptWLdzg", "user_id": "98tZskzWizSfLYz7lNvF5w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "6/26/2015", "text": "Have been wanting to try this spot FOREVER! Finally over spring break, my kiddo and I headed here. We got cheese bread as an appetizer (their garlic bread is topped with cheese) and it was very tasty. I ordered the house special pizza and my daughter got a meatball sub. The meatball sub came with sausage instead of meatballs so that was unexpected and it was tricky to eat so I wouldn't order that again (and neither would the kiddo) though we both agreed taste wise it was good. The pizza was so yummy!!!!! VERY good pizza!!! For me, I need not only good pizza, but tasty crust and this one definitely hit all the high marks. I was sad to learn they were out of baklava.The owners were very nice. The husband greeted us as he was walking out the door. His wife is who took care of us, and was very friendly. I only saw one other person, I'm assuming their son, working which meant service was a tad slow. Took us a while to get our check but really not a big deal. The son stayed in the kitchen and at one point, the wife was working back there too when someone came in. The gentleman stood at the front counter for a few minutes, then ended up leaving which was a shame cause he missed out! At first I hated that they lost business, but hopefully they aren't hurting for any business. When I was talking to the wife about the baklava, she was telling me she'd JUST made a big batch, and business was so good it was hard to keep up. Still, perhaps a bell on the front door would help them know when a customer walks in. Oh and in case anyone is wondering, I used a restaurant.com certificate here with zero problems."}, {"review_id": "IddX56a8XNTXcOSDnTCCYg", "user_id": "mkMSg0e4lDqFLOvoH3NbnQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "8/30/2017", "text": "Delicious crust for the House Pizza I had for lunch. Portion is perfect with a few pieces \"to go\". Friendly Greek Mom and Pop place! I will be back."}, {"review_id": "zxQCd9l-z4vZGeyPY05J9A", "user_id": "3OxW-xQZCOMs1Se9Jes2VA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/30/2015", "text": "Shame on me for taking so long to write a review for the Charleston House of Pizza (aka CHOP)...I guess I have been distracted, thinking about how GOOD THE PIZZA IS!!  Ahem. On to business.Located on Dorchester road across from Harbor Freight, the surrounding neighborhood leaves quite a bit to be desired, but just like many other Charleston establishments, this one is most certainly a diamond in the rough. The building itself resembles one of those railroad car dinners, with the cool stainless steel/aluminum a la Airstream garnishing the exterior. The inside is warm and inviting, and you will always be greeted with a hello and a smile from one of the family members who run CHOP. If they aren't hustling an order to a table or ringing someone up at the register, they're usually kind enough to chat with you for a bit, get to know you, and ask how your week is going. Every visit we look forward to the family style service we receive. On to the important stuff...the PIZZA. My god, the pizza. The crust is always perfect, the sauce is a sweeter, very flavorful marinara, and they never NEVER skimp on the cheese. Pretty much anything and everything you could ask for in a good pie. To go is just as good as eat in, and day or two old refrigerator leftovers rival most other Charleston pizza places fresh stuff. I'm not kidding.Salads are also amazing and fresh; Colleen and I generally split a large Greek salad so we will be less likely to overeat, but then we always eat too much anyway because it's just that tasty. We've only tried a Philly once, because we had to try it, and it was really really good too, but overshadowed by the pizza. Plus, if I ordered a Philly and a pizza every time I went there like I really want to, climbing stairs would just be too much of a chore, and I already have enough trouble finding jeans that fit. (Real men don't fit into skinny jeans; take note hipsters.) Bottom line, get over here and eat some pizza. You won't regret it."}, {"review_id": "8XyjlPShWYIzaxPbl0ctyQ", "user_id": "MQzebY_lqfRznS4GvE76Ag", "rating": 1.0, "date": "12/2/2017", "text": "We didn't actually eat, which was disappointing.   After having many people tell us how great the food was, and reading reviews online, we were very excited to give it a try.  When we arrived, there was only one other table.  We were promptly sat and asked what we would like to drink.  We were then rushed to place our order.  After reviewing the menu, my wife decided that the Gyro was a possibility.  After working at an authentic Greek restaurant in the past, she became very picky about Tzatziki sauce.  When she asked the server if she could try it, the server told her, \"You don't need to try it, it is very good.  The owner makes it.\"  Ok.  Red flag for me.  Being in the service industry, this is a pretty common thing.  People ask to sample a sauce or dressing and it is your job to oblige.  You most certainly are not ever sipposed to be rude to a customer.  After Well I g to the back, we could hear the server and the owner talking.  She came back about 45 seconds later and said that they were \" out of the Gyro any way, no need to try the tzatziki.  You find something else.\"  Ok.  Time to back up and punt.  We finally came to a decision on what we wanted.  While waiting to place our order, we heard the owner on the phone, being rude to somebody trying to call in a Togo order.  He actually hung up on them by slamming the phone down.  That was it for us.  For the first tome in my life, I asked to pay for our drinks so that we could go elsewhere.  The server was also rude about this.  Unacceptable.  What a terrible disappointment.  We went to fatz instead and I ate a big burger and enough poppy rolls to kill a man.  I'm glad things worked out the way they did."}, {"review_id": "dEJM0GE1s2nmPjOsi27Pcw", "user_id": "069l6Afp8wbSivYczwMvnQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "8/4/2017", "text": "The pizza was excellent - I mean DELICIOUS. Loved it.  Unfortunately the place was dirty and the restrooms gross."}, {"review_id": "QD4eGYpMed7Es6GZ3y-rqQ", "user_id": "MiaX1mOVTJC9-SxqQ43fXw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "7/12/2017", "text": "Inside a eye catching buikding you will find a pizza house that has a very mom and pop feel to it. My husband and I stopped here for dinner, ordering to meat lover calzones and two sodas. The menu is a bit small, but I have to say the calzone was made with a thinner crust than other places. My husband died find it filling but I was stuffed.  Restrooms were comparable to that of a gas station.  I doubt we woukd eat in again but Inwoukd certainly order carryout. With tip we spent just under $35."}, {"review_id": "VpEIWSeb-fK7Cr1C_uaJ9A", "user_id": "Z7YwxI8OkDewY0PpyoiIng", "rating": 1.0, "date": "3/11/2017", "text": "In the mood for pizza, so I went to Yelp, to help find me a good place. CHOP was rated 4.5 stars so decided to go there. HUGE MISTAKE! I've had frozen pizza from the grocery that was better than this. I'm still trying to figure out how so many people are clueless to what a real pizza tastes like! Yelp DEFINITELY got this one WRONG!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/charleston-house-of-pizza-north-charleston-2?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]