[[{"review_id": "GjzQJtM8TK0OFv1lW04SQQ", "user_id": "daPpL710LNttL2FwvJCnNg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "The best brunch in Charleston! We came here after hearing great things and were not disappointed. It was crowded Saturday at 11:30 with an hour wait for those without reservations so be sure to make one!! I had the eggs Benedict special and it was delicious. My boyfriend got the chicken and waffles and said it was the best meal he had all week! Highly recommend this place- they also greet you with a basket of biscuits so not much can beat that!!"}, {"review_id": "GbM-B94IGFbt4ddHBtmXdg", "user_id": "X3zoR8sYXEKHMFkzfhw30g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "Fried green tomatoes! Fried chicken! Collard greens! Creamed corn! BISCUITS! Get everything! Super cute restaurant and great ambiance and service."}, {"review_id": "qoUI57KNdb3-DJSxwYZgkw", "user_id": "HQFLuTSXZ4-qx-VbT7Kbew", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "Loved this place for brunch! I visited Charleston for a weekend with a group of 10 women. We had a reservation for brunch on a Friday morning right at 10:30am when it opened. We were seated upstairs in a very cute area. The restaurant is located in a historic, charming home. Even though we were there right when it opened, there were already several groups of people there. I would probably recommend reservations or coming early. Now I must rave about the Bloody Mary. I will preface this by saying I have had my share of bloodys and consider myself somewhat of an aficionado. This was my favorite Bloody Mary! Just the right amount of spice and horseradish. SO GOOD. I'm back from vacation now and still thinking about it. For the meal I had the she crab soup and the chicken and waffles. The soup was delicious, so tasty! I wish I could have she crab soup all the time. They handled our large group very well here. I would love to return to sit on the porch!"}, {"review_id": "SFLRbMRXcEZkE_MQEUB7jw", "user_id": "q3Yq6DLvJiq7gi823PAayg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Love this place in Charleston.This was my 4th visit here and Poogans never disappoints.Great location to parking and King Street.We sat outside in the back patio, cute little area that I hadn't sat before. Love that this place is super dog friendly too.. obviously!We got some drinks, a couple of entrees and dessert.  Everything was made perfectly and looked, smelled and tasted amazing.I see MANY MANY MANY visits back here in my future."}, {"review_id": "ajUpj7-_9EJZmxz19d47gw", "user_id": "5THOPwq9R4ld3_RbZvMZjg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "If you're here with one other, then definitely opt for seating on the porch (so cute), but if your party is 3 or more, you'll still find it charming inside. We were lucky to snag some seats just as they opened on a Wednesday morning, but it soon filled up for brunch, so unless you're able to come first thing, I'd recommend reservations.The service was the epitome of southern hospitality, and the food was up there, too. Their biscuits come with the tastiest honey butter, which was amazing melted upon the fluffy bread. My pulled pork benedict was moist and the eggs were perfect, and the carbo-loading was enough to make me sleepy afterwards. The only thing about the south is that they are a bit slooooooow, so if you need to leave in a hurry, this may not be the best option, but it is worth it all the same, if for nothing but the delicious pulled pork.You'll have to find street parking elsewhere, but everything in Charleston is close together, so you can definitely, say, pay a visit to Rainbow Row and grab a bite to eat after while keeping your car (or buggy!) parked over on Broad Street, as we did.Overall: a definite must-eat while you're in town!"}, {"review_id": "adJKyWcgvqJuJxKw5iQn1g", "user_id": "fn3Wim-2j042IEDe6VhJFQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "I am so happy my girlfriend and I made this our last meal in Charleston! Be prepared, the wait can be long so MAKE RESERVATIONS IN ADVANCE! We wanted to do a good southern brunch before we left town on a Saturday and had to try out the famous Poogan's Porch. We already tried Poogan's Smokehouse (see other review) but needed a taste of the real institution. First of all, the setting is awesome. Literally in an old house, the porch name does it justice- they have plenty of dining space, a full bar in the middle of the building and an outdoor patio area. The Porch has an extensive drink list for brunch but I opted for coffee while my girlfriend went with a mimosa. Both modestly priced and the mimosa was how it should be- champagne with a touch of OJ. Good start. My girlfriend needed to try chicken and waffles in the south considering we have had it from time to time in NY but come on, when in Rome right? She ordered the chicken and waffles and I ordered the Nashville hot chicken. Both were outstanding and totally worth the visit! I know I had the best fried chicken I have ever had at Poogan's but I can't choose whether I liked the regular fried chicken or Nashville hot (both were that good)! Poogan's Porch is simply classic Southern food and hospitality done right. The service was great (free biscuits included when you sit down by the way). The prices, at least for our brunch were completely fair with large portions of delicious foods. I would recommend Poogan's Porch to anyone visiting and will make this a must go next time down in Charleston."}, {"review_id": "1Vhz4rWE5X3QUg4XsFTCqg", "user_id": "6RPpYAeFRhMd_9Wgj7eY-g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "I hesitate to write this review, because half the charm of this place is the fact that it's tucked away and not crazy busy. Here we are, though. I found this place on Yelp anyway, so it's not like I'm letting the cat out of the bag all on my own.A 4 top of older...eh...more life-experienced people...walked in right in front of us and were surprised Poogan's took reservations. For that reason, I'll bring it up: Poogan's does, in fact, take reservations, which is information readily available on their website. I'd recommend a reservation, though ours wasn't necessary since we got there apparently before the rest of the city wakes up on a Saturday morning (9:30). I highly recommend grabbing a seat outside on the porch if you can. Incredible people-watching abounds, and the surrounding buildings are simply beautiful. I wasn't the slightest bit annoyed with the sun beating down on my back at our patio table, one because of the view, two because of the incredibly friendly service (which wasn't surprising since literally every soul we saw on our walk to the restaurant said good morning to us), and three, of course, because of the food.We had a borderline unreasonable order of eggs arrive at our table (see photo), which went with an order of French toast, a biscuit with gravy, and some amazing white cheddar grits. I'll say this: if I had it to do over again, I'd order the French toast twice and simply enjoy the complementary biscuits and honey butter that's brought to the table before the meal instead of the biscuits and gravy. The gravy was *meh* and the French toast was *OMG OMG OMG* . Those are my feelings. We also were planning on ordering a side of bacon with the French toast but were delighted to discover this dish comes with a choice of bacon or sausage, so again, no need for extra. There was also a generous portion of berries that came with our eggs, so we felt a little less guilty for indulging in the rest of our meal, I suppose. Poogan himself is apparently buried, or at least memorialized, at the foot of the porch's steps (relax, I'm pretty sure he was a dog). This is equal parts strange and very sweet, which is of course fitting for a restaurant in Charleston. I much preferred this experience to having attempted to fight the mobs at some of the other more popular brunch spots in town (not to name anyone specific). For a quiet, beautiful, pleasant brunch experience, this is your place."}, {"review_id": "GPYAfZoIi0Wwqe5IwiLceg", "user_id": "4BOIofr9AqGSGoyTLTgoJA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "My wife and I are vacationing in Charleston and a local suggested we try Poogan's Porch. We decide to check it out. Great ambiance within a historic house. Feels like you are eating in decades past. As a bonus, we found out it was a farm to table type restaurant. We ordered the fried green tomatoes for an appetizer. The dish was a medley of flavors and textures. Each individual component from the fried batter surrounding the tomato (crispy), the tomato itself (juicy and tart), the chutney (sweet and delightful), the goat cheese (smooth consistency), the candied pecans (sweet and salty) and the greens (bitter and crisp) worked well together. There were complementary biscuits as well  The biscuit was moist and crumbled well but the real highlight was the BUTTER! I had no guilt eating this butter. knowing where the ingredients were from. Plus, it was whipped so well that it was fluffy and smooth like eating a cloud. On to main dishes. I had the braised short rib and my wife got the roasted duck pirloo. The braised short rib was tender, juicy, and moist. The underlying fresh vegetables included broccoli and pea salad were an excellent compliment. Then there was the duck, which was one a whole different level. The duck was tender, cooked a perfect medium rare with amazing flavor. The sausage and rice really complemented it well. My wife and I will never look at the duck the same way again. We were pleasantly surprised with this place, and this has been the best meal we have had thus far in Charleston on our short trip. 5/5 Bravo!"}, {"review_id": "QNwo2yglRHX8SCOpSMHwwA", "user_id": "DZO2lmlHi41X19g9U44I1w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/3/2018", "text": "Oh hell yes! Wellllllll.....nothing could be finer than to be in Carolina in the mo-o-o-orning! Came here for brunch on a late Monday morning, right after Easter, and I loved it.  I have been wanting to come here ever since my first visit to Charleston.  I recall hearing a ghost story about this venue, and I also recall someone telling me that they made a killer she-crab soup.  They weren't wrong. So I started with a cup of that infamous soup and then had the pimento BLT.  Admittedly I tried kind of a frou-frou drink, something reminiscent of a pina colada type of flavor, but sometimes you have to steer from the usual, right? (My typical palate doesn't enjoy such sweet, fruity things- but this was pretty good.) Also, I would be amiss not to at least give a nod to the biscuits.  They were served warm and fresh with a delightful whipped butter accompanying them.  No Charleston breakfast could ever be complete without a fresh biscuit, now could it? I sat on the porch, which was a wonderful ambiance on a lovely early spring morning.  I really enjoyed Poogan's.  Captures the true essence of Charleston."}, {"review_id": "2Z5jtvbtT1ePj5-TnYNQag", "user_id": "x_Frpa8QWc25FDJ5BJM8tg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "We came here on a Thursday morning right when they opened, without a reservation, but were able to get seated pretty quickly - on the balcony, too! Our server was great and offered to take pictures for us because we were so excited about eating on the balcony. Then we received complimentary biscuits and whipped honey butter, which was so good. I got the Sunrise Shrimp & Grits, with tasso ham gravy, peppers, onions, and sausage because I saw how many good reviews there were for it. My friend got the Shrimp Etouffée Omelet with herbed goat cheese and scallions. I loved the shrimp and grits but I didn't like the omelet as much - it was too cheesy for me."}, {"review_id": "E9bEzqXaZE1hzu92iaEF5g", "user_id": "lj7oQtEcU13VFxzsQ0GyKg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "To be honest, I would fly from New York to Charleston just for Poogan's Porch. The best dining experience I had in the south goes to this gem of a brunch place (although they offer lunch/dinner, brunch is hands down my favorite meal of the day and at Poogan's). My fiance and I stopped by here for brunch right when they opened at 11:30am. It was a weekday and there were already some tables filled. We specifically asked to be seated on the upstairs porch for an al fresco dining experience (since Charleston weather is so beautiful!) and we were led up the stairs and seated immediately.Our waiter was extremely attentive and super friendly. He answered our menu questions and gave suggestions. When my fiance asked for iced coffee, he was happy to accommodate even though they technically don't offer iced coffee. That definitely gets brownie points in my book!I ordered the chicken and waffle and my boyfriend got the egg platter. It was the best chicken and waffles I've ever had in my life!! (Also comes with complimentary biscuits- which was also the best biscuits I've ever had in my life!!) Super juicy honey chicken with SWEET POTATO WAFFLES. Need I say more?!This goes without saying: You need to come here for brunch. Otherwise you are missing out. 5/5!!"}, {"review_id": "MAPNlyINbF0auZYOFFBtTw", "user_id": "4q6sA312pvh_FiAD7wy5-A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/27/2018", "text": "I offer, up front, the comment that I hate Southern food. Hate it. That said, this place (a purveyor of fine Southern food) really serves a GREAT brunch. The restaurant and staff are excellent. The physical space alone is 5 stars, it's nice and clean. Spotless bathrooms. Someone pays close attention to detail here. Kudos. Pulled pork Benedict was pitch-perfect. Just yum. Everyone raved about this brunch...If you like a classy Southern brunch with a few modern and local twists, this place is for you. Highly recommended."}, {"review_id": "cv9xRtOeu6oFdFinpEKrWw", "user_id": "q0qfXy1rflTmr9Q7IfVCeA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/14/2018", "text": "Poogan's Porch brunch ain't nuttin' to fux wit. Seriously never change Poogan's. Love the ambiance of the house turned restaurant. There's also some celebrity and ghost story history to the place (spooky scary!). It can be a little drafty in that room next to the entrance of the house since that room has direct doors to the outside but they had a fire going in the room when we went there.Poogan's was The Boy and I's first stop after getting off the flight in Charleston. To start we got Biscuits & Gravy (because c'mon you're in the South) and you know they didn't disappoint. For our mains, I got the Shrimp & Grits - THIS GRAVY IS TO DIE FOR - and The Boy got the Fried Chicken Sandwich. Be warned that fried chicken is saucy, tasty, and damn hot! It's def a take on that Tennessee hot.I can't find their cocktail menu online but they had some deliciously dangerous drinks which we treated ourselves to at about 11 AM on a Wednesday ... because you know we were on vacation. Our waitress definitely found us entertaining."}, {"review_id": "ryOEUldKJsP0vhdMNio40g", "user_id": "2vFrtkBF6uy10ksMQT-o5g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/22/2018", "text": "I recently visited Poogan's Porch on a visit to Charleston. While I was just there for cocktails, I would love to return sometime and try out the food!  My friend and I arrived after walking around Charleston on a recent visit, and before we were due to have dinner. Word to the wise that this place is PACKED at dinner time, but it's a festive feel to the restored Victorian house. The bar is in the back, and it's a beautiful old wooden one, unlike anything that is made these days, and definitely worth a peek even if you're just there for a quick bite. As we were just there for cocktails, we quickly grabbed a seat there, and were immediately greeted by a server who asked us what we wanted to drink. We both picked a New Fashioned, and not 30 seconds later we each had one delivered to us. The service here was lightning fast, neither of us could believe it. The flavors of the cocktail were subtle but fantastic, and they definitely give you your money's worth here -- so go slowly or you might find yourself easily past your limit at this place!  We opted out of getting anything to eat since we had a dinner reservation coming up, but the food that others in the bar area were ordering looked mouth-wateringly delicious. Poogan's Porch is on my list for my next visit to Charleston, and I hope that their food is just as delicious as their drinks!"}, {"review_id": "mHxQL0raK4-Dxn114kkXQQ", "user_id": "VPeCvlUeuSM7yPDRxyI6Qg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "This place has the best grits. And super fresh biscuits - which, lets be honest, biscuit recipes don't vary all that much so if it isn't FRESH it might as well be garbage. We also had a top notch waiter (didn't catch his name but he was working upstairs on 4/16 - and had a great ghost story to share plus A LOT of energy for Monday morning hah) My husband got the spicy chicken sandwich and said it was REALLY good - but it was definitely spicy so if you can't handle the heat maybe go for the chicken and waffles. Also - if you're a vegetarian, they have two options on the menu for you for brunch - a vegetable quiche and french toast. They both sounded great, and the quiche was pretty good (not revolutionary) but I got it with a side of the grits (which actually were life changing.)"}, {"review_id": "BrOtr7WvFyzjkj-wK0dDJw", "user_id": "2-qk8ijAEjYszDZXwRmbQA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/11/2018", "text": "Had brunch here with a group of five including myself. We had wisely made reservations and were seated immediately. My first request was for a bloody mary, and it was quite spicy and delicious, if a little small compared to what this Texan usually sees near home. We tried a number of dishes, and there was a lot of sharing; here's the rundown:Fried green tomatoes - Featuring a nice golden brown, crispy crust, these were outstanding. The tomatoes were properly firm and tangy, and the crumbled goat cheese and chutney made an interesting accompaniment to the dish. Biscuits and gravy - I had high expectations for this dish, considering the deep South locale, but I was disappointed. The biscuits were quite dry and had a slight sweet flavor. The gravy was creamy and well seasoned, but it couldn't make up for the dry biscuits.Crab soup - A creamy affair with a good amount of crab, this soup was excellent, and the dry sherry added a subtle sweetness that really made it work. A dash of Tabasco really brought this alive. Grits - Coarse ground, with an excellent, thick consistency and rich cheese flavor, these were outstanding. Definitely recommended. Shrimp and grits - The sauce was a little strong, perhaps overwhelming the shrimp a bit, but overall, it was a solid dish. The sausage had a nice consistency and flavor, and the grits were essentially the same as the side dish, without the cheese. Chicken and waffle - Waffle was dry, but had a good flavor from the sweet potato base. The chicken was well seasoned and crispy, I'd definitely eat it by itself. Sorghum butter and maple syrup were great additions as well. Short ribs - This dish was really good. The meat had excellent texture, seasoning, and a deep, meaty flavor, along with a really good browning on the outside. Sunny side up eggs were perfectly cooked and delicious.Bottom line, the biscuits were really the only part of this meal that really didn't impress. The rest was delicious and satisfying, and was definitely a good example of deep South cooking."}, {"review_id": "CnkejhlYot5lN1BPaZWNdg", "user_id": "iwo7fMgTwvU0qe2jboHrmQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/23/2018", "text": "Visited Charleston this past weekend and came to Poogan's on Friday night. I had high expectations and they were met! It was very busy, but our reservation was still on time. We were sat in a great spot near the upstairs balcony, the entire restaurant is very quaint!I had the scallops and my boyfriend had the country fried chicken. We both ate every bite. I didn't have dessert since we filled up on biscuits before our meal, but if it's anything like the dinner I am sure it's tasty!"}, {"review_id": "QdPtp6R2NjbfbsWSbLxrYA", "user_id": "Hkf1Louo_WA_oNghgut4gw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/7/2018", "text": "So many good things to say about Poogan's Porch! The restaurant is not only lovely but the food and service were top notch.We went last Friday during their rollback where all food items were 40% off. Yes, that is what initially brought us to Poogan's Porch but their great food, drinks, and service is what will have us coming back. First off, their house made biscuits served to your table before dinner are as good as any southern grandmothers.  Hard not to have just one but try because you have to order an appetizer. We ordered the pimento cheese fritters with green tomato jam. These fritters are cheesy, gooey and the green tomato jam is a perfect paring. For my entree I ordered the sweet tea glazed salmon with rice and asparagus. The dish was not only beautifully presented but cooked to perfection and the sweet tea glaze was a perfect compliment to the salmon. Our server was really good as well. He was attentive and knowledgeable about the menu and was able to give us first timers some great suggestions. Rollback or not, Poogan's Porch is worth a 100%."}, {"review_id": "p8pW0_HAwiHVI567qvxPrg", "user_id": "-TDirX83S7RzeplOYGmQqg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "In Charleston for a short trip or a long one visit this place. You will thank me for sure. We went there for brunch. We had a reservation and wanted the patio but it was too sunny so decided to sit inside. The service is fabulous. True southern hospitality! We started with some watermelon sangria. If you are a coffee person they also have an amazing coffee cocktail which I do highly recommend. They started us off with some complementary warm biscuits and butter. Oh so very divine. I have a good tolerance to spice and chose the HOT chicken sandwich with home fries. For dessert we ordered for the famous pecan pie. Warm crunchy and the perfect amount of sweetness. To sum it up; don't miss out!"}, {"review_id": "oU4WDaMv6EWrd2p_TSngNA", "user_id": "sbbB6Y4yIZIInvt0LFYYew", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/26/2018", "text": "We decided to try this restaurant on our short trip to Charleston. This was one of the recommended restaurants from a friend.This restaurant has been run since 1976 and they know how to run a business. We ordered fried green tomato, scallop(today's special) for appetizers. Fried green tomato was crispy and it went well with goat cheese and peach/apple chutney. It was a little thicker than expected but was okay. As a daily special, scallop with gnocchi in a cream sauce was good. For the main dish, we ordered short rib and crispy skin snapper. Short rib was a daily special and it was tender enough. It came with melted cheese and mashed potato in a potato jar(cute presentation)which was tasty. The snapper was the best. Skin was crispy and fish was moist and it was cooked perfectly. If you are not a fan of beans, be aware that there are a lot of beans on the side. Our server Sarah was very attentive and nice. The service was good and the food was great. On the top of that, we received 40% off of two main dishes as February special. It was a great experience!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/poogans-porch-charleston?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]