[[{"review_id": "HAvCtUUFeFgQ_wAU3CpOxA", "user_id": "bevgDqyamCJkBkJNIAzFDg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "Such a great ambience set in a house living room, meals were so delicious! I don't think you could go wrong w anything on the menu-- hubby got the fried chicken-- such a unique presentation, almost like a chicken Kiev and I got the pasta basil shrimp-- huge portion! I had plenty leftover. We ordered the Mac N Cheese side but our eyes were much bigger than our stomachs-- also it was a bit on the salty & bland side, personally I like a bit of flavor to my Mac n cheese but maybe good for some. We'd definitely come back or recommend this spot for others! Oh and reservations are probably helpful since it's such a quaint seating area."}, {"review_id": "FhIyoFNzB8jWVmar8C9zPA", "user_id": "kg38vpoijtboMNwvPzcRVw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/27/2018", "text": "This wasn't a favorite for dinner in Charleston for me... First off, when we walked in no one greeted us for 5-10mins. The wait staff were running back and forth pass us without even looking at us and the host was no where to be found. I had to stop a wait staff to ask to be seated! While we're waiting, I see an employee walk over to use who happened to be the host. This host was setting a table up with another employee the whole time we were at the door. The food wasn't that great either.... we agreed that our favorite was the cauliflower out of the 4 dishes we ordered."}, {"review_id": "ihB3634WR_6Qo-JQ_DVsiA", "user_id": "fCAqG-R52OGDtwzFo7CiGw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "We did a weekday lunch here.  We had a Turkey & Avocado, a Chicken Salad, and the Smoked Salmon.  All were very good particularly the salmon.  (The online menu didn't exactly match up with the one at the restaurant.)  The Cru Café is definitely a place to try.  Even in early afternoon there was a 45-60 minute wait so call and make a reservation."}, {"review_id": "eEWzMJ-6fbSANJH0Wrk-bA", "user_id": "q8OdcTdl_VEsw-zL8Vwrqw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/16/2018", "text": "Agreed, Yelp. This place is awesome!We called ahead for a table, but still didn't call early enough and had to wait another 45 minutes after driving there. I tried:Fried green tomatoes-Ordered these because I bumped into a regular customer who highly recommended them, and they were pretty great. They weren't over fried (as in, saturated in oil), and the tomato caramel sauce that came with them complemented them nicely without being overpowering. Poblano & Mozzarella Fried Chicken-Came recommended, and was very good. Personally, I think I would have enjoyed it more if the chicken wasn't fried. But, the salsa was really what made the dish. It was the right amount of tangy/heat/tomato/sweetnessHeritage Farm Pork schnitzel - This was surprisingly my favorite! This normally wouldn't be a dish I'd pick, but I wanted to try two entrees and split them with my boyfriend and this was what he'd agree to. It was cooked really well, and was a good size portion, and the pasta it came with was thick and cooked softer than al dente (how I like it), by the sauce was really rich and creamy. I would have finished it, but so was already too stuffed. Coffee was great and the cheesecake was a hit (although it comes without a crust)."}, {"review_id": "6xhM54CZNX_b53vPIb6seQ", "user_id": "lj7oQtEcU13VFxzsQ0GyKg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "Albeit a bit pricey for their portion sizes and the waiter that was hard to flag down (although, to be fair, we were sitting outside), Cru Cafe was a great dining experience! My fiance and I loved the al fresco dining experience and although the menu did not really appeal to us except for a few items (we were having a hard time figuring out what is for dinner that day), we were pleasantly surprised by the dishes that we ordered. We had the General Tsos Brussel Sprouts for an appetizer - it was very delicious!! It was a very different spin on the dish and we didn't know if we would like it or not. Turned out, we loved it!My fiance had the seafood thai risotto (something that is very daring for him) and I was convinced that he would not like it. It was a very popular item and highly recommended by the waiter. I had the grilled basil shrimp dish and although the shrimp was fresh and the pasta delicious, it was not as good as the risotto.I would definitely recommend a stop by if you are in Charleston. We weren't sure if we would enjoy an Asian fusion on low country cuisine, but we were delightfully surprised by the amazing meal."}, {"review_id": "v72YQVorghnXmdM7KWxlgg", "user_id": "2vFrtkBF6uy10ksMQT-o5g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/22/2018", "text": "Cru Cafe was the perfect spot for a late lunch on a recent trip to Charleston. After sightseeing all morning, a friend and I wanted to grab a bite and I used the Yelp app to find what looked good. We decided on Cru, and after getting inexpensive street parking, we walked a block to check the place out. They were running a wait, so we put our name in, then walked a few blocks to the Charleston City Market to browse while we waited. Our table was ready within an accurate time estimate, and we quickly were seated within a cozy old mansion for our lunch. Our server was friendly and efficient, and after ordering Coke to drink, we were delighted to see it served in small glass bottles, which was so quaint and southern. For starters we got the Fried Green Tomatoes -- no tour of southern cuisine is complete without trying this staple!  They came out and were the perfect temperature and seasoning. I could have eaten them all, but held myself back to allow my friend to try some as well. As an entree I went with the Portabello wrap with Asian slaw. For a meatless entree, it completely hit the spot! I was getting full, but the flavors of the wrap and the slaw were both so delicious that I managed to clean my plate at this meal. This place stayed busy throughout our time there, but the staff was discreet and efficient about getting tables turned for the next groups of diners. On your next trip to Charleston, add Cru to your list of places to visit, and maybe you'll find a new favorite place as well!"}, {"review_id": "LCoDNc_8tudS82AM7oW64w", "user_id": "rk2ZkhhideZxVOdXNFQl5w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/29/2018", "text": "Cru is a quaint little space; it's a home turned restaurant with a cozy vibe. I came here on a Wednesday evening and the tiny space was packed. I had a reservation though and was seated at the bar with a direct view into the kitchen. I enjoyed that I could see the food being made and witness the teamwork it takes to prepare delicious meals. I had the Thai Seafood Risotto as my entree. It came with a scallop, shrimp, fish, and mussels. While it was very tasty as a Risotto, I didn't really get the Thai flavor. For me, it would be more aptly named a Seafood Risotto. It was described as having soy and sriracha in the dish, but I didn't taste any of those elements at all. I also would have enjoyed even just one more scallop, as my dish only came with one. All of the Seafood elements were delicious though! It really was tasty despite it not having a true Thai flavor. Dinner was rather expensive, so I think if I come here again I will try for lunch to see that menu instead. Based on other reviews, that seems to be the way to go for Cru!"}, {"review_id": "-hGMKjNTpH-trhV2TT_jIQ", "user_id": "pou3BbKsIozfH50rxmnMew", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/6/2018", "text": "Why 5 stars? Because it combines two amazing cuisines: southern and Chinese.   ---   ---   ---Cru was one of the many places on my Charleston hit-list, and on my last visit, I finally checked it off. As is the case with just about every place in this city, our experience was wonderful.We arrived around 1pm on a Tuesday and only had to wait for a few minutes to be seated. The seating (at least ours) was communal, so if you're someone that prefers a lot of personal space, this might not be the place for you. I'm not one of those people and actually view communal seating as a positive... mainly because it gives me a better vantage point to gawk at everyone else's food :)Speaking of food, at the guidance of Scotty C and the review highlights, we went with:Fried Calamari - Combined with asian slaw and sesame dressing, this is definitely the most unique calamari I've ever experienced. It was nice and light, which was perfect, consdering all of the other food we were filling up on!Mac-n-Cheese - Some of the best mac-n-cheese I've ever had. If you come to Cru and don't order the mac, you are committing a deadly sin.Fried Green Tomatoes - With pork belly croutons, feta and smoked tomato caramel. Do I need to say anything else?General Tso's Chicken - Exactly what you'd hope for when ordering this dish from a southern/chinese fusion restaurant.Another winner in Charleston!"}, {"review_id": "nxijXZi3EW12MYscLWs4Fg", "user_id": "Wj-DWk74281-UDaRo6v-yA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "Cru Cafe is one of my absolute favorite restaurants in Charleston.  Apparently I am not alone because it's always crowded.  Pro tip: make a reservation or eat lunch at 11:00 like I do.It's an old house, and you actually feel like you're eating in someone's home.  Service is always great, but somewhat rushed at lunchtime.  Really though, I'm dedicated to Cru Cafe for the turkey, bacon, and avocado sandwich.  I'm not even a bacon lover, and this is the best sandwich ever.I have yet to try Cru for dinner or brunch, but I'm dying to do so.  Their lunch is rather amazing and should not be missed."}, {"review_id": "D52UgiChFIVmFuesmA6xxw", "user_id": "7QZIAKmq_x8JEYDDSW801g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/5/2018", "text": "Another yelp find.  We arrived on a Tuesday around 1pm and this place was packed.  We were hoping to sit on the patio, but that wasn't happening.  This place is tiny, but surprisingly waited no time for a table.  I ordered the half sandwich and soup combo.  The garlic chicken sandwich and the bean soup (one of the soups of the day).  The soup was just okay to me, but I think it was all my personal preference.  Absolutely nothing wrong with it.  The sandwich was fresh and tasty.  Damn, almost forgot the truffle fries we started with.  My fat carb loving ass loved these so much.  The perfect small fry that's just the right amount of crisp.  We forgot to ask what the sauce was that was served with them, but my friend and I could not get enough of it.The perfect December weather we experienced in this town with the cute Christmas decorations here added to our great food experience.  Would love to come back!"}, {"review_id": "snDdy04mcE7-en_LFFd3yw", "user_id": "5fUahb5uMC1G6ogBvppOug", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "A few blocks off of King Street you'll find a sweet old home with some of the best dishes in Charleston. Our table was on the porch and  surrounded by beautiful flowers and trees. We started with a bottle of Rosé, which was the perfect compliment to my Thai Seafood Risotto. Made with coconut milk, it was a bit lighter in texture than most. It included shrimp, salmon, mussels and a scallop. I would definitely recommend it to any seafood lover. Due to limited seating, Cru would be difficult to dine at without a reservation."}, {"review_id": "DPsFeD3qQ57CeJDSREdMHQ", "user_id": "QX9npgEONZg9mbIlTgCsrw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/28/2018", "text": "Had a birthday celebration there last night with a group of nine people. It's a small restaurant located in a historic house downtown but definitely off the beaten path. The turmeric fish was delightful. Loved both the poblano cheesy chicken and the fried green tomatoes with goat cheese and pancetta. Entrees range from 15-30. It's a great local restaurant for special occasions."}, {"review_id": "WO5Qd3awE39yLPW1qhoXjA", "user_id": "X1e0z5fUPudiBtiwvY6qmQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "We ordered the watermelon gazpacho (excellent), fried green tomatoes (AMAZING), truffle fries with a fantastic aioli (delicious), shrimp sandwich (good), portobello mushroom wrap (good), and bread pudding (EXCELLENT).  It came out to about $80 including 20% tip in the end. Definitely make reservations as the restaurant is very small and it's very popular. I definitely recommend swinging by!"}, {"review_id": "1EdESWVSVWURLq9Mu_Lzgg", "user_id": "_gcNAoz_uErYpZ0GNMZTSw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/22/2017", "text": "Cru Cafe is probably the best meal I've had downtown in the three years I've lived in Charleston. Located on quiet Pinckney Street in the East Bay district, this historic home turned fine dining restaurant blew me away with the food, service and ambiance. It's hard to find all three categories that perform up to my expectations but this is the place.It felt warm and welcoming as you walk in the front entrance. The first floor of the home has been turned into an open dining area with only about 12-15 tables. Make sure you get a reservation a few weeks in advance! Very intimate setting and inviting regardless of which table you sit at. They appeared to have a community table at the entrance as well as 1-2 \"chef's tables\" close to the open kitchen. To the right is the main dining area where we sat. Service was stellar, she presented the specials and recommended some great appetizers, calimari and fried green tomatoes. We got the calimari and the French onion soup which were both very delicious! Next we ordered a bottle of red, pricing was reasonable and it was very smooth and paired nicely with our entrees. They brought out bread with the apps so that was tasty and helped move the courses along. The entrees were incredible. My wife ordered the shrimp pasta dish and I ordered the Pablano and mozzarella fried chicken. So delicious!The overall experience and food were perfect. Five stars! We will absolutely be back!"}, {"review_id": "_eTwh2BerRgjw5P1Ri4EJw", "user_id": "YGwQt2cRhQKI6DikcotVFg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/14/2018", "text": "Like a fine wine Cru gets better every time I go. I first went to Cru back in the late 2000's and enjoyed my lunch but it wasn't something that stuck with me.  I went again around 2013 and was surprised by the sophistication of the dinner menu.  Then in recent years they have worked their way to the \"must eat\" places on my trips to Charleston.  A hard list to get on.  If a restaurant has a MUST EAT item for me I will fight to get there as often as possible.  Cru has that must eat item.  Their fried oyster salad is the stuff of dreams.  Yes a salad.  A salad from heaven.  And a salad with fried perfection in it.  Layer on that the ambiance, the romantic feel, the great service, the nice wine list (no cocktails just beer and wine), the tucked away yet close to downtown location and you have a great place to enjoy a great meal in Charleston. And they have some of the best prices in the down town area.  In a city were an entrée salad can set you back 25 bucks without missing a beat Cru Café keeps their prices wallet friendly.  My dad really appreciated it.  The only negative is you REALLY need reservations.  This is a small place and smaller when the weather is cold since the little bit of outdoor seating is not useable.  Make those reservations (lunch or dinner) and order the fried oyster salad."}, {"review_id": "1OOdpm9d0vesSNPI6IeUWg", "user_id": "gmip6GkLHvcUEJiyVAwYLA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "After reading reviews, we definitely wanted to try Cru Cafe for dinner while we were visiting Charleston.  We had made reservations several days in advance as to not miss out...and we were glad we did.  It's a lovely restaurant situated in a charming, old house.  We were seated inside at a table by a window and near the fireplace. It's a small restaurant with a cozy yet comfortable feel.  The service and food were excellent.  My boyfriend had the pork schnitzel and I had the Thai seafood risotto.  I was pleasantly surprised as to the amount of seafood in the risotto.  Both dishes did not disappoint.   We would highly recommend and will go back again the next time we are in Charleston."}, {"review_id": "jVFQuIE3YhAKeI_CUKCyYg", "user_id": "6GesAw1Pz0Gb1vLxFOtHMA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/22/2017", "text": "I love Cru Café! My husband and I visited Charleston this weekend, and our Airbnb host Nate (who runs the restaurant) recommended we try it out. We went for brunch, and it was a great start to our day. Upon arrival, I had a mimosa and my husband ordered a beer by Holy City. For our entrees, I had the turkey & avocado sandwich with truffle fries, while my husband had a burger with regular fries. All of it was really tasty and well-cooked. I recommend the truffle fries, because they aren't super common, but they are a nice treat!The cafe is in an old home, and it has seating inside and outside. It's comfortable and classic, and it looks like the epitome of a charming Charleston cafe. We went here on a Friday around 11, and there weren't too many people yet, but by the time we left it was really busy. We recommend making a reservation just in case. Btw: There is free street parking nearby, but it's an hour limit."}, {"review_id": "AdeCm2XKpUy_cnkdjHL9Xg", "user_id": "KdbE0X9KBL-NdWLlqrU85Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/17/2018", "text": "I went to Cru last Wednesday night for an early dinner and it did not disappoint. I had a hard time deciding between the duck breast and the house-made gnocchi w/ duck confit (I can never say no to duck, despite some of the tempting fresh seafood options). I stuck with the breast but luckily my friend ordered the gnocchi and both were incredible. The sear on fat was perfect and I was really pleased with the duck, brussel sprout leaf, and flash-fried fingerling potato medley it was served upon. The service was quick and friendly too, and we were able to get a table without reservation without a wait. If the weather is nice, I would strongly suggest the patio as well!"}, {"review_id": "Vd5szFM12UomWip3yKIn5g", "user_id": "SCqcBUFTGCINw_533tWoBg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/19/2017", "text": "First let me say I wish Yelp allowed 1/2 stars as I'd definitely give this 4.5....  Yeah, they probably deserve five but I'm kinda stingy on my stars and save the five for places that blow me away.  This came close.    Having said that, we went to Cru Café on a Friday night after having made reservations a few weeks prior.   Good thing, as it's a small venue with not that many tables.   However, don't let that steer you away as we had a great experience from start to finish.   The service was spot on, the food delicious, and the atmosphere cozy and welcoming.   Our server Fawn was fantastic; she was knowledgeable about the food/menu and made great suggestions.   She was pleasant and friendly and provided just the right amount of attention.   We started with an appetizer special not on the menu...  Truffled Mussels...  we probably would have ordered them anyway (just based on the description) but we saw it being served to another table and got a good whiff as it went by and we were sold.   Delicious!   For entrees, I normally don't order chicken at a restaurant but it sounded so good that I had to give it a try...I ordered the Poblano & Mozzarella Fried Chicken.   It was kind of like a chicken cordon blue but with a poblano pepper.  It had a Honey Chipotle Sauce and it came atop sautéed veggies with potato au gratin on the side.  Very good!   My wife had the Thai Seafood Risotto, which was chuck full of seafood... clams, mussels, shrimp, scallops, and fish.   It had a Sriracha, Basil, Coconut base... it was delicious!   All in all this was a very good dining adventure!   Highly recommend a visit of your own."}, {"review_id": "D2iZCpl8RPxgg4hDgTzdDg", "user_id": "udHjTJBEpJ7pMiLNVOGqNg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/11/2018", "text": "Tiny tiny tiny dining room.  Worth the wait and the squeeze.  Very nice wait staff and team. Seemed full and I am told by locals there is always a waitlist.  If you want an awesome dining experience off the main charleston drag try Cru.  They have a limited but incredibly exciting menu.  We found ordering small appetizers and sharing and mixing was the best way to sample and explore the range of talent and culinary daring in the kitchen.  Can't say enough about how good the food and service is.  Size this experience in. You won't regret it.  Ps. Any party larger than 4 will prolly have a long wait and will be cramped.  2s are the best.  Take one dining partner and be prepared to gorge!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/cru-caf%C3%A9-charleston-2?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]