[[{"review_id": "YJNKj8Bx-pqzm19BaYnZuw", "user_id": "3yivaHgZGp9-2IG00MRDbQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "Farm to table to the nth degree is practice here with a blackboard full of the sources as big as a European train station destination map.    Book well in advance as when tried to change my reservation got told booked out for next 8 weeks. They could book more as many tables were empty while there though were filled by time we left.Menu is made daily though have ones that are consistently on the menu.  This is a great place to go in a group so can try multiple apps as unlike many pricey places the serving sizes are decent.  Place is nice though could do with some sound dampening design elements.   Service was good and liked had many fancy non alcoholic options which I am sure knowing people in AA will like. If going to Charleston for foodie trip get a reservation here."}, {"review_id": "I_MSDoXJvmUk2E_a4AEK9Q", "user_id": "5X46MtCSUhFhf4UexE6XFA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Husk is worth the battle for a table. As others have said- reservation lead time is phenomenal. 3 -4 weeks out and all that was available was lunch. We opted for a Sunday brunch which was well worth it although I still feel I missed what originally drew me: the dinner experience a la Anthony B's show. We should have done the walk-up at opening deal to get on dinner waitlist but didn't make the time to do that on our trip. Experience was fun. Food lived up to the billing. Very solid across the board. Service was young and inexperienced and not what I would have preferred but he ultimately did provide a useful recommendation with the mushroom sourdough toast. We also had the griddled coffee muffin which was scrumptious. Entrees were tasty: an ethereal omelette with braised oxtail wrapped in croissant-like thin layers of egg. A professional made this thing! I had the fish muddle which was closest item to shrimp and grits on that day's menu. Good flavor and enjoyable. Genteel southern atmosphere, good food, a lovely Sunday brunch all in all."}, {"review_id": "NaGHnAGe7T_bierPwjwmjw", "user_id": "5Dpe3vh3DBv57sdhdqZEYw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Came here with my infant son. Hostess said they didn't want us to bring our stroller into the dining area even though we broke it down smaller. She said it was because it would get in the way but we offered to hide it behind the table. I told her that our stroller was expensive (nearly the value of my LV bag) and that we would be more comfortable not leaving it downstairs by the door. She said \"it's not a stroller stealing area\". She rolled her eyes and was rude about it. I'm from NYC and was shocked at the lack of \"southern hospitality\". Should have read the negative reviews, this attitude is apparently not new. Mothers beware of places that make you feel uncomfortable about dining with your family, they don't deserve your money. On to the the food: I had the pig ear wraps (yummy), beef tartare (lacked flavor) and the duck confit (amazing). Overall, I would not go back because the food wasn't worth the attitude at the door."}, {"review_id": "5WzI6Io8Q92vtADnvV2mcA", "user_id": "p7ic5gPx3XCZGjPOb6fZkA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "The hype is real. The wait is real worth it! I initially called over a month in advance trying to get a Saturday evening reservation, unfortunately they were booked. BOOKED-a month in advance! Anyway, I had heard that they start their list for walk ins at 5 PM for seats on the terrace. I figured our hotel is right across the street so why not take our chances. We arrived promptly at 5 PM, put our name on the list, estimated time 7/7:30 PM. Um winning, that's perfect dinner time!Anyway, we ended up getting seating around 7 PM on the terrace. Ordered literally everything on the menu and it was delicious! I believe the menu changes frequently but a few options stay consistent. Definitely try the \"Southern Fried Chicken Skins\" so flavorful and the crispiness was spot on. I ordered the catfish supper and the BF ordered the duck leg. Wow again, blown away. I loved the BFs duck so much I literally forced him to switch with me. The next day we returned for a drink/some appetizers. Their courtyard is first come first serve. Luckily we were able to snag some seats without having to wait. We ordered the dry rub wings and I'm usually not a fan of dry rubs but I was blown away. Again, so much flavor-a must try! I've heard amazing things about their burger as well, but if you are looking for a lighter fare the wings are it.You literally cannot go wrong at Husk! Definitely lived up to the hype!"}, {"review_id": "DsEgYxPOEpI9Cs7SptmJzQ", "user_id": "5tXRxr4T24Awl7vjyCvIcQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/22/2018", "text": "A wonderful upscale Southern dining experience in Charleston during a wedding weekend. If you're looking to have that Southern experience but aren't a fan of seeking out that back road diner that serves five-star dishes with the livestock and herbs from out back, this is an incredible, comfortable lovely space for farm-to-table Southern cooking. I say upscale, but not like Brennan's upscale. I don't know if New Orleans has this perfect fit, but maybe just a step-up to the vibe of dining at Cavan or Bouligny Tavern here in New Orleans. You can wear your Sunday's best or casual Charleston chic.  We came in for Brunch on March 4th and put our names on the waiting list. They'll take your number, and so use the time to take a stroll down King Street. The menu changes twice daily! I can't even imagine the work that goes into orchestrating that. What's awesome is they have an archive of the menus on their site so you can go back to check out what specifically the dish was that you took thirty photos of before diving in. I started with the Bloody Mary, well made with little pre-breakfast garnishes that were delightful. Just so you know, we totally over did it on ordering food. I put the list of dishes we enjoyed below with notes:Griddled Sweet Corn Muffin, Whipped House Ricotta, Pecan Molasses   $10I'm not even a cornbread-kinda gal but this was my most favorite. It was incredible, and while they don't mention there is mint on it...I think this small ingredient is what makes everything else in this dish explode with flavor. So incredible. Wood Fired Creamy Farro Verde, Braised Beef, SC Mushrooms, Spicy Mustard Frills, House Ricotta Salata     $13Very hearty dish with my favorite part being the mushrooms; silky and full of flavor. I think if I ever had to go vegan, I'd just eat mushrooms all day. Manchester Farms Quail, Farro Piccolo, Roasted Cauliflower, Spicy Mustard Greens, Spring Onion, Poached Farm Egg     $17So check out my photo. This quail was set up in such a funny way, like, \"hey, you ready for ya dish?\" Another very hearty dish, and maybe should've picked something that didn't have farro since I was filling up on farro but incredibly fresh, clean flavors that helped me to have the energy to walk up and down King Street the rest of the day. Fili-West Farm Egg Omelet, Broadbent Country Ham, Sweet Peas, Fennel, Caramelized Onions, Buttermilk Cheddar   $15This was Robert's dish, no complaints from him but I seriously could not even try it since I was so full!I think the prices were fair and the waitstaff was really wonderful. I think Husk relies more on the flavors of the individual ingredients rather than a heavy hand of spices to mask those flavors. I wanted to ask for some hot sauce to put on my quail dish but wasn't sure if that was taboo (I put hot sauce on everything). My Bloody Mary could've also been spicier and maybe that's something you can ask for if you like it more so that way!A great experience in Charleston and one to get a reservation for ahead of time if possible!"}, {"review_id": "b9JqMy7XJcp7CBu5rWAHFg", "user_id": "2vFrtkBF6uy10ksMQT-o5g", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/22/2018", "text": "Husk came highly recommended by a number of people, so I was very excited for it to be a part of my recent trip there. Despite the 3-star rating, I would still recommend it myself, albeit with a few caveats. On a Thursday evening my friend and I arrived at Husk around 5:45. We had attempted to make reservations in advance but were unable to (either the day of or day before: word to the wise, try and make reservations further out if you want them). It is situated in a beautiful old mansion in Charleston, and a copy of the farm-to-table rotating menu is kept outside for you to peruse prior to even entering. The options for dinner that night looked scrumptious, so we decided to dine there. After putting our name in, we were told that our table would be ready around 7:45. Not a problem, we were able to browse in the neighborhood and visit another place for drinks beforehand. When we arrived, we were told, \"There's just one table ahead of you, your table will be ready soon.\"  I used to be a restaurant hostess, and the ease with which she said this made me a little suspicious that \"soon\" would be later rather than sooner. We waited, and as we did, I saw others come up and they were told the same thing, making me feel a little miffed that we had been fed a line about when we could be seated. About 30 minutes later, we were finally seated, and we were starving!  We placed our order and waited for our food. And waited. And waited. And waited. The server finally came back by (it was hard to flag them down) and said that they had forgotten to put the order in. Thankfully, the food is scrumptious. I got the TN Strip Steak on our visit, and it was perfectly seasoned and cooked, with a buttery texture. It was served on a bed of Farro Piccolo with an umami mushroom sautee and wilted spinach. My friend got the RC Cola glazed Duck Leg and it was equally delicious. We were definitely not disappointed with our food choices. After dinner the server came by and said they would give us a complimentary glass of wine for forgetting to put the order in. Frankly, I was not very happy with this solution. I had already had my fill of adult beverages between the cocktail before dinner and my glass of wine with the meal and would have preferred an offer of a free dessert, an apology from the manager, or at least the server asking us what we wanted in order to rectify their snafu. So, while the food is worth the visit, I felt that the grossly inaccurate time estimate for when we would be seated and the server forgetting to put in our order (then just assuming that we wanted more wine to \"fix\" it) was really not 5-star and marred the visit for me. Glad I've been here, but on my next trip to Charleston I will probably skip it."}, {"review_id": "LzZqESish6ifMzvKqFxefQ", "user_id": "YWe4W6vqlouLu5u1Qj1AXA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/3/2018", "text": "I had my second meal ever at the famous Husk and was not disappointed. We were unable to get a dinner reservation on short notice but enjoyed an upscale Saturday lunch.Pros:- wonderful environment. Situated in a restored Victorian home, the small rooms give a cozy feel as a nice ambience for the southern influenced cuisine.- the pimento cheese. Growing up in the south I've had every attempt at elevating this staple, and this was one of the more successful efforts. There is a pickle relish which adds a new edge and compliments the dish well. Also, the cheese is served prespread on crisps which is a nice touch.- the midnight run cocktail. A perfect digestivo with fernet and fresh cucumber. Perfect light drink for the afternoon.- the fried chicken was delicious. I didn't have the entire entree but tried a bite of my friends and it was amazing.Cons:- I had the shrimp and grits and it was good, but not mind blowing. From this establishment I expect new and unconventional takes on food and this was just standard well done shrimp and grits.Overall, a lovely meal. This restaurant has earned it's reputation and you will not be disappointed. A word for the wise, if you don't eat bacon or ham, this place may not be for you. It's infused in most dishes. But if you do, happy eating"}, {"review_id": "-ePMti6I1fDe9rwLQ32mqw", "user_id": "nQX7SiCWsiK7fOFuOoc1NQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "Visited Husk while on vacation in Charleston. Came across tons of blogs mentioning this restaurant, so I was eager to check it out! Even weeks ahead, I couldn't get a reservation. It was booked weeks on out. So I recommend booking early. While in Charleston, I checked a few times and was able to reserve a table for brunch last minute. It's a cute restaurant! Loved the decor and ambiance. The location is very quaint as well.I had the prime rib and eggs. It was okay. My bf had the burger. The burger was probably the best burger I ever tasted! I used to think a burger is a burger but this one is in a class all it's own. We also had the fried biscuits with chocolate as a starter. I thought it was just okay. Overall, this place was good but other than the burger, maybe it is overrated."}, {"review_id": "eAfyvjrZW_EBGCAQMM4yVQ", "user_id": "BxXEXnFX8xeG7Y56-XXHZg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/17/2018", "text": "A-maize-ing!First, sit down and watch the episode of Anthony Bourdain's Parts Unknown featuring Husk...and Waffle House...and Bill Murray. Next, make a reservation. When your time has come, go early to grab a drink at the bar next door. Your server can check you in at the restaurant then let you know when your table is ready. From there, get seated and enjoy the modern/clean decor and the friendly/knowledgeable servers. Start with as many appetizers as you can handle. I expected the chicken skin with pimento cheese to look like a nacho with a scoop of pimento but it was actually more of a bowl of fried goodness with pimento sauce on top...which was totally great. The pig ear lettuce wrap turned out to be a surprise favorite, such great texture in every bite. For the main attraction, the duck confit was perfect and the pork chop was juicy. The veggie with bleu cheese fondue was a bit too much for me but my friends seemed pretty into it. In summary: impressive, refined, thoughtful, and... a bit husky"}, {"review_id": "YHpH4q4q7Ipjz5Sff0PEiw", "user_id": "WuOAKuJJ-VJuT4iumfLQog", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "The food was impeccable, the service was not. The best fried chicken I ever ate with a red bean, white bean, cabbage salad under that was so flavorful. The shrimp and grits also perfect with the creamy grits and tomato sauce with peas also amazing. We started with the carrots, beets, ricotta appetizer in which the root vegetables were cooked with sugar and hot sauce with just s little sweet and spicy well balanced. We also had the side of green beans and \"lunchbox\" peppers (like small bells). Also very good. Service was slow and not as friendly and regular as wished. I was drinking seltzer and each time I was out I had to wait too long and wave for someone. I expect more from a Beard winner. I bet before this place won, service was better."}, {"review_id": "QG-jcsDQNglJMgHOqYZ1wA", "user_id": "5mlOu7lGACxmdI2RuP4CMw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/5/2018", "text": "I had heard about Husk for years, and finally had a chance to get in for a meal this past weekend. We had a party of 7, and I couldn't get a table for dinner, but was able to get a seat for lunch. I obviously couldn't pass that up. Let me just say that this meal was unbelievable, and Chef Sean Brock delivers. Started out the meal with a Midnight Run cocktail - Bourbon, Fernet Branca, Bonal, Chamomile Tea, Cucumber, and Lemon. It was an amazing digestivo, and if you're not a fan of Fernet, it was very light in this drink. If you're scared of digesting such a large meal, this will definitely get you through the day. In addition, we shared the pimento cheese and cornbread as apps. I didn't have any of the cornbread as it has bacon infused into it somehow, but my friends said it was so moist and delightful. I think I remember hearing \"its melting in my hands.\" The pimento cheese was an absolute delight - usually pimento cheese comes out alone, but here at Husk the pimento was spread out onto individual crisps, and topped with pickled relish that was a perfect complement to the cheese. Next, we moved onto the main course: I had the Fried Chicken. There was bacon on top and infused into the rice part of the dish, and our waiter Harrison was awesome about letting me know this, and substituting the bacon aspects for a side of potato crisps. The chicken had perfectly crispy skin on the outside, and the chicken was cooked so that it was still moist and tender on the inside. You get a leg and a thigh, and its a good amount of chicken but not overwhelming. This is a must-do. Chicken with a side of cheese grits? Need more of that in my life. Finally, our table split a whiskey flight with three different whiskeys (see picture for the full list). My personal favorite was the John J. Bowman Single Barrel Bourbon, from Buffalo Trace Distillery in Kentucky. At a 100 Proof, it just sat on my mouth for a while after my taste and I absolutely loved it. The atmosphere at Husk may have been my favorite part to be honest - set in a 19th century Victorian home, with large windows letting in natural sunlight, I loved the entire ambiance. Pros:FoodCocktailsWhiskey/Bourbon selectionServiceAmbianceCons:ExpensiveHard to get a reservation for a large group - call and get your reservation early!"}, {"review_id": "Orkm3xG6YYkVnkKr6ShI2A", "user_id": "crP3buHR8p9nWk3W2WZubw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "1/29/2018", "text": "It's difficult to write this review because we were SO excited to have dinner here. We had great experiences at both the Nashville and Greenville locations, but this was a bit disappointing. Overview: The food was good, but nothing knocked our socks off and after waiting two hours for a table (which we were okay with, as we didn't have a reservation) we were finished with our meal & heading out the door in 50 mins flat. Dinner was served literally five mins after the bread service. The Food: I had the Carolina Heritage Pork, hubs had the Duck Confit, and we shared a potato/brussels/onion side. (Didn't see a blue cheese fondue unless it was mixed in?) All were good, especially the flavor combinations of the side that came with the pork, but nothing truly stood out as \"amazing.\" We were pretty irritated with our server by the end of the meal and opted to skip dessert. Service: Our server started by nearly shaming us for not ordering first courses (we already had an app at the bar because we were there two hours) and was a bit short/condescending as a whole. Supper was at 7p on a SundayWe asked how the Cab by the glass offered in the restaurant was different than what we were drinking at the bar & were told, \"Well, it's just better. But if you'd PREFER what you were drinking over there, I can probably get it for you\". (Half expected him to follow up with, \"You swill-guzzlers\") Definitely not consistent with our experiences at other locations. Recommendation: Eat at the bar. Food is better as is the service/atmosphere. (Writing a separate review on this)We actually had dinner at the bar the night before with a friend who was in town. We were hoping for a cancellation in the dining room but ended up ordering the fried chicken, which was AMAZING."}, {"review_id": "a3fp7oWvH6p1uqiCBjuQhw", "user_id": "sbbB6Y4yIZIInvt0LFYYew", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/26/2018", "text": "For a short trip to Charleston, this was one of the must-try restaurants from a recommendation list of my friend. As the dinner was fully booked for the day, we booked for a lunch. It was not that busy for a Sunday lunch. We ordered smoked beer creek brisket on a sourdough, kinda open sandwich and poached shrimp in a tomato broth. The food was served and both were great! Each ingredient was very fresh. Without strong spices or seasonings it was very tasty. Ingredients were balanced perfectly. Better ingredient, better food always!  The nutty caramel bar as a dessert was okay. Expected more crunchy texture but it was not. Overall, it was a great meaHeard they keep changing their menus. They are trying hard to satisfy customers with fresh foods and diverse menus. Definitely go back when I visit Charleston again."}, {"review_id": "msjpGNCLyhE5y_xM7O0y9Q", "user_id": "zkQi7B9b-yFbF8k2XSnDHQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/15/2018", "text": "Husk is a great restaurant and I had the pleasure of eating here.  This is again a place that needs a reservation as they fill up quick.  Husk is located on Queens street in a really nice part of town!  There are several great restaurants located on queen Street.  Husk is located inside a beautiful old mansion that was a house.  They have both downstairs and upstairs seating and a patio in the summer months.  The menu is very small and it changes daily.  Husk is very farm to table and we were told that Sean Brock does not design the menu but it is the chef in the restaurant that makes it.  We ordered the chicken skins with pimento cheese and the short ribs for an appetizer!  The appetizers were huge!  They were so big we actually did not need two, but we got them.  The chicken skins were in an awesome bowl!  The fibs tasted amazing!For dinner I had the duck confit which came with mustard greens, sweet potatoes and a hash.  This was good the duck had a lot of taste and flavor but it was not the best I have had.For desert we had the apple cheesecake with bacon jam and crackers.  It was not out of this world amazing, but it did taste good.  The price here is really expensive But the food is tasty!  I would recommend just make a reservation!"}, {"review_id": "DUEK8ZJ_X96B9kFiv9qZAg", "user_id": "GF-UBIwA0gEcUbAkve6s3A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/14/2018", "text": "When we planned to visit the Charleston area (Isle of Palms) for the eclipse, I knew I had to book a reservation at Husk.  I truly enjoy Sean Brock's viewpoint on utilizing local, seasonal ingredients and his style of cooking.  I made our reservations 5 weeks in advance and was able to get a coveted, primetime spot on the weekend.The atmosphere has a nice vibe.  You are seated in what feels like a dining room of a Southern plantation home, but there are modern elements abound.  There is an eclectic mix of people, the place is full, but the noise level is just at a dull murmur.  Our server in cordial and knowledgeable and was attentive throughout the meal.Let me start by saying that I wish we had more people in our party.  There were only my wife, myself and a friend.  We all like to share and taste.  There were probably a few more things that we really wanted to try, but there was no way we could eat it all.  The food was terrific - Southern feel with modern twists, complexity achieved with a handful of ingredients.  Just a couple of notes.  The pig's ears are a must.  I knew i would like them, but i didn't realize how much.  Also, our friend in the party said no way she would eat that, but ended up finishing one of the portions herself.  Secondly, the chicken skins were a tad much, even for me.  The batter makes them a bit heavy and I'd prefer just some plain ole crackling.  Lastly, the BBQ cabbage and peaches were probably the best dish of the night.  Crazy.Until next time Husk."}, {"review_id": "CiKadw8oSkWUZ2IaP3tkow", "user_id": "Lq6VdEsdhqKwR0ouqlxpMg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/9/2018", "text": "Great setting & great food! Today for lunch I had the fried chicken, which was fabulous. Crusty on the outside & juicy on the inside. Very flavorful! Other hits at our table were the brisket sandwich & the country fried steak. I also love that Husk is located in a grand old house. Much more special than a nondescript new building."}, {"review_id": "FV82QIXjCC7LFETQiNk8bg", "user_id": "QzhBNMjh3kp4rt9AlF70og", "rating": 3.0, "date": "1/7/2018", "text": "This place is great - a bit overrated if you ask me. Fun to try one time though! One major complaint, we were there celebrating a 30th birthday party and they made our parties split up, despite there being a party of 2 in a 4 top table right next to us? It didn't make sense and they could have easily setup 2 tables together. Also, our waiter was not very nice - they overcharge for little things i.e. french press coffee - personal. They should offer a larger french press for the table. I get it, they're trying to be crafty, but just think of your customers. :) The food was good - a bit overpriced for the quality. The ambiance is cute and the drinks were top notch. It was expensive, but for the price, there are plenty of smaller places in downtown Charleston that hasn't gotten the recognition of this place and that would have been happy to accommodate our party of 8."}, {"review_id": "HDCRSpK5g5tCKEJ6OsbKvA", "user_id": "m1AUK8tI19tUT_N3DMkyIQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/3/2018", "text": "Exactly what we expected from a James Beard award winner and the hype train that is Sean Brock.Yes, there are many other restaurants that should be visited in the Charleston area - Hominy Grill, Fig, Lewis Barbecue, Rodney Scott's BBQ, but Husk has always been THE restaurant in Charleston and the proof was in the pudding when we visited.We arrived at the historical plantation home, that houses the restaurant, on a Thursday afternoon at 11:30am. Lunch was just beginning, but we were able to snag a table despite not having a reservation since walk-ins were allowed. Just some advice --- walk-ins supposedly have a much tougher time getting a table during dinner. We placed our name on the wait list and within 45 minutes our table was ready! If you're wondering what to do during your wait, look no further than a quick walk to the waterfront and back. That'll get you ready for a meal.When we arrived back at the restaurant, we were seated within about 2 minutes. The dining room was not very big, but was open and still spacious since each table was spaced very well. From the very start of our meal, our grizzled, funny waiter was fantastic. He was professional, but wity, thru in the occasional joke and had an impeccable memory. It was impressive listening to him reel off the entire lunch menu and their ingredients like he was reading a book. The menu didn't comprise of many items and seemed simple, but each item was very intriguing, which made it difficult to figure out what we wanted.In the end, we \"settled\" on the following and let me end the suspense here ... none of it disappointed!BBQ Dusted Crispy Pig's Ear Lettuce Wraps, Cabbage and Red Onion Slaw, Alabama White Sauce-- A dish that looked so simple, yet was so good. The order comprised of 4 wraps, which was perfect for us since we were 2 people. The fried pig ears sat in the wraps with the cabbage, slaw and sauce on top. Sometimes simplicity is the best route and this was a perfect example of that. The pig ears in the wrap were so good despite the lack of other complex ingredients.A Skillet of Real Cornbread, Benton's Bacon Crumble-- Some of the best cornbread I had ever had! Light, buttery and perfectly toasted on the bottom (which was actually the top since it was flipped over when served to us). Never did I think cornbread could be so delicious.Carolina Heritage Pork Belly, Bean and Cabbage Strew, Fingerling Potatoes, SC Mushrooms-- So good, yet so little of it. I probably could have devoured 10 feet of that pork belly that was sitting in the stew. The pork belly was half fatty and half meaty and each bite was like heaven. It was so juicy and flavorful, especially sitting in the bean and cabbage stew. Unfortunately, I didn't see much of the potatoes or mushrooms, but that didn't ruin the plate for me.SC Quail, Braised Cauliflower, Butternut Squash, Brussels Sprouts, Honey Mustard-- Another winner here. The mixed vegetables were roasted just right as the quail sat on top. Although this was my wife's dish, I tried a bit of it, which was very tender and delicious. We only wished there was more of it.Apple Cheesecake - Savory Cracker Crumb, Bacon Jam, TN CheddarCarrot Cake - Cream Cheese Icing, Buttered Rum, Chai Ice Cream-- What can I say? Two of the best desserts we had ever had anywhere. The cheesecake's texture was perfect. Dense and chilled like a cheesecake should be. The apple flavor came thru on every bite and this was a cheesecake like none we ever had. As for the carrot cake, more of the same. Just delicious thru every bite. It was almost like banana bread with ice cream on top, except better! If there are 2 items any customers should order, these would be it.If you're going to visit Husk, then you have to go all out and we felt we left no stone unturned. Every item we ordered was better than the previous. The service was excellent too. For any foodie making a pilgrimage here, all I can say is, hype is for when things don't live up to the reviews and there just is no hype here. It's the real deal."}, {"review_id": "G-z1FpddVmnXFR0tnRm43Q", "user_id": "gcLrtfi9e7OuRZwOMFZB-g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/9/2018", "text": "I'll be perfectly straight forward with you, Husk is going to hurt your feelings. A night at Husk is a lot like a night out where you find a beautiful person and make brilliant funny conversation all night and then they are just gone.Let's put it like this: You're having a great time, you feel really full and happy and then you realize it's all over and reality comes crashing back down around you but man you are still smiling like you just won the World Series (trust me, you will).Atmosphere: Old. I don't mean you grandma's house old either, I mean you have walked into some sort of upscale amalgamation of antebellum and calm and soothing fine dining. Wood everywhere, spartan decoration, absolutely beautiful layout and comfy inviting chairs make this place a wonderful place to spend an evening.Service: Composed. I've known hundreds of servers in restaurants, success looks something like presenting a smooth confident exterior with great knowledge even if on the inside you are panicked and surrounded by utter chaos behind the curtain. The servers and staff at Husk are cool, calm, and collected while most certainly extremely busy.Food: Sterling. I can't really describe it to you better than this, the food is absolutely magnificent. The quality of the ingredients, the careful preparation, flawless execution and range of flavor produced from multiple dishes was outstanding.My Order- Real Cornbread (7/10); Tennessee Strip Steak w/ crispy potatoes, grilled romaine, preserved tomatoes, Mepkin Abbey mushrooms and a Manchego Demi (10/10); Apple Cheesecake (10/10. Warning, this is extremely savory and barely makes it into the category of deserts but it still does somehow).Overall, I am going to return here each and every trip I make to Charleston until either Sean Brock or I meet our maker or Charleston is erased from the Earth."}, {"review_id": "ic7w_iH4pLThy_09uNJZ9w", "user_id": "G6MB2Dq0jlPu3xkljmvQtw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/31/2018", "text": "Husk, Husk, Husk. So much anticipation and preparation for this meal. We even ate here 2x! We went back for lunch the next day, after hearing about their amazing burger. The burger may have been our favorite item! We also tried the Brussels sprouts, pig ear lettuce wraps, fried chicken skins, & duck dish. Everything was wonderful, but definitely rich! We wished we had our men with us, so we could have tried more.....Random, but the coke was delicious, too. Am I the only one who gets excited when restaurants get their soda fountain configurations just right?!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/husk-charleston?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]