[[{"review_id": "ikmR7p0Afw5TDq6NJrxsaw", "user_id": "3Enlm9urOXenflvlNqAy8A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/6/2018", "text": "Amazing beers, amazing food!  Would definitely eat/drink here again as I pass through Columbia.  Thank you for a great experience!"}, {"review_id": "Q57rELkjafHYv-ZhsUKTmA", "user_id": "4V_9zLU6NNwvE7unqTxZOg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/27/2018", "text": "This is a new brewery location for Hunter-Gatherer which has a location on Main Street as well.  The brewery is located in an historical hanger located by the in town airport, Owens Field.  It is a great neighborhood location.  The beers are tasty and it is a huge location.  Plenty of space for your children to run wild!  The menu consists of pizza and a salad currently but looks as it is going to expand.  There is also an upstairs where you can watch the planes land.  It is also across the street from City Roots where they have festivals.  Great new place in Columbia!"}, {"review_id": "bjdgklppnSsV8SSUwkSCww", "user_id": "kGG07uTKhP_4SxjsCPoZEQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "7/30/2017", "text": "This is a tough review to write. Nostalgia for my USC undergrad years in the 1990s when Hunter Gather was the only place for craft beer in Columbia has me wanting give them a higher rating.I went to Hunter Gather last Wednesday for the first time in easily a decade. The service was friendly. The place looks the same. It is a cool Brewpub, no doubt. I had the bratwurst special. It was ok. Nothing outstanding. Didn't even get a picture of it. But I was here for...The beer! For $6 you can get a flight of six. This is everything on tap. I had: the Wheat, the Porter, the ESN, the Pale Ale, the Session IPA, and the Cask Conditioned Ale (the Session IPA cask conditioned). The Porter, Session IPA, and CC Ale stood out. The other were just ok. (My beer reviews are on Untappd.)The beer and food were not what I remember. I think the growth of the craft beer in Columbia, and SC in general, has made Hunter Gather's beer pale in comparison. But I'm rooting for and respect them as pioneers in SC's craft beer scene. I'd also say this is a mandatory stop on a craft beer tour of Columbia because of their history. I'll give them another try when the Owen's Field location opens. Hopefully the larger facility will prompt some variety."}, {"review_id": "Nh5BWkorLg0uSbEs02iFUA", "user_id": "Y8ErbUoGOJT-Y4AjsdWqYw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/19/2017", "text": "This is one of the gems in Columbia. The food is always amazing and consistent. The service is always good. They always have fun specials too like lamb chops or blackened salmon. I'm excited for the more casual brewery they plan to open soon."}, {"review_id": "jxNiSf40sUQL9wnD5re-xQ", "user_id": "eSB1KafIXWWGapDQqiKPGw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "Great atmosphere. Limited beer selection. Mediocre food. The waitress did not ask for the burger temperature. It arrived very well done and super dry. The shrimp and grits was watery and the shrimp were overcooked. The beers were good but there were only four choices. I expected more."}, {"review_id": "4lSU542GkqqR2WeLOQO2sw", "user_id": "P2VwTR-pwCZK-IAtNZzU-A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/18/2016", "text": "Never judge a book by it's cover.  I usually don't have a good relationship with brew houses, so when everyone in Columbia suggested this place I was a little reluctant at first; however, Hunter-Gatherer turned out to be one of my best dining experiences during my business trip.As I walked in I immediately see the special board.  The \"Caribbean brined pork chop with pineapple chutney over mashed potatoes and butternut squash\" caught my eye.  The bartender was explaining what exactly a Caribbean brined pork chop was because I was ignorant to the process of brining. Essentially it just means to soak in salt water (and in the case of Hunter-Gatherer other Caribbean spices) in order to make the meat more tender and juicy.The dish was perfect.  The meat was tender and juicy and the sweetness of the chutney complimented the Caribbean spices really well.  I also appreciated the fact that their vegetables has seasoning on them, because you don't get that at every restaurant.The perfect end to my meal was the chocolate bar pie.  The only way I can describe it is by saying it got my life together. I actually took another slice of it to go it was so good.  All in all, I can see why this place is dining staple in Downtown Columbia."}, {"review_id": "nwQJG7YC4wosFZD0qXpo8Q", "user_id": "k4Nshd0jVyr_1O4KkAxyMQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/18/2017", "text": "My wife and I went for an early dinner after a 4-hour drive. This was close to our hotel so we decided to try this place. You seat yourself so we took a table and waited. The Server assigned to the table was busy taking care of other guests. So we waited. The other servers saw us and got us water and the menu and apologized for the wait.Our server came soon and took our order. We ordered for their own brewed Wheat Beer and a Sausage roll for an Appetizer.  We ordered for their H-G Burger and Lamb Gyro. I ordered the Lamb Gyro and this was the most delicious Lamb Gyro I have ever had. The lamb was sliced well and was cooked well. Not too chewy neither too soft. The veggies complemented the meat very well. The accompanying Greek Salad was fresh with a good amount of Feta and the dressing was delicious. The burger was delicious and well stacked. The burger came with Hash Browns - a unique side - was cooked well and crisp.The overall experience was great."}, {"review_id": "i5KM9XuEKGeOHss3XqoC8w", "user_id": "6WiXRdnBHOHb7g8BZBuzpw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/24/2017", "text": "I have came here for years. I love there beers my wife doesn't like most of their food but I do. The staff is always friendly and the place is really cool"}, {"review_id": "kDloArWHZrHHf4Wu7A83Ig", "user_id": "if3b1CBDBDJYnGo_hXtHDg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "10/27/2016", "text": "I base this on the fact of the food and the beer. If i could give this place a 3.5 I would, but its honestly because i wasn't able to really feel like this place was the best of the best absolutely amazing. I will highlight what is good about it though and that I think you should definitely take a second to try it out. I walked in to the tavern esq looking restaurant, sat myself at the bar and was immediately greeted by the bar tender. I asked for a flight of the 5 beers they had on tap and his recommendation. He recommended the burger and any of the specials. While I wanted to order the chicken with mashed potatoes I was more in a burger mood since I ordered some beer. the food came out promptly, my water cup was always filled and the bar tender checked up on me just the right amount. but wait the food, the burger was just average. Nothing juicy, cheese melty, and veggies atop pretty fresh. The hashbrowns that came with it were not very crispy but had good flavor to go along with the burger. The beers were good. Nothing special except i will highlight the ESB. Its more of an english bitter beer that isn't that bitter at all. That being said I love my IPA's so it doesn't quite compare. I enjoyed my overall experience here, but don't have to come back. though, the vibe of this place is great I would grab a beer with a friend and try one of the specials."}, {"review_id": "iLvw27mr5dsCPBkuXKNegg", "user_id": "xSpHtHAFKPWU8kDBpn6CKQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/18/2017", "text": "Venue: old, but quaint and clean setting in a former automotive establishment. Beer: good selection, made on site, tasty.  Took a growler of my favorite home.  Certainly worth return visits.  Food:  presentation unremarkable.  Aroma above average.  Taste above average.  Texture average.  Variety above average.  Portions slightly above average.  Overall above average, especially for an establishment focused on making beer.  Service:  friendly, tentative, and knowledgeable. High recommendation for a unique local establishment."}, {"review_id": "KzC7hzqg6VB6dXwgwOO0gQ", "user_id": "i4Qtnma_nOID-LqgdYxNnw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "6/26/2017", "text": "I was so excited to try to this place and I had high expectations. But after eating here I have been struggling on whether to give this restaurant 3 or 4 stars. I really enjoyed the atmosphere and the beer. The building is very unique and has a very welcoming and relaxing ambiance to it. I could sit in there and drink beer for hours. The wheat beer was so fresh tasting, I loved it. However, the food was a little disappointing. It was not bad by any means, but it was nothing special. I ordered the H-D Burger which included  angus beef with pickles, lettuce, tomato, onion, mustard, mayo and Swiss cheese. The meat itself tasted fresh, but it lacked flavor in my opinion. There was nothing about it that would make me want to eat it again. My dinner date just wanted a light bite so he ordered the sausage balls, which are an appetizer. They were alright, but super heavy and they didnt seem like a dinner appetizer. I might have enjoyed them more during breakfast. Our server started out being attentive and friendly, but after she cleared our plates, we didn't see her for quite a while.  I would return for beers, but I probably wouldn't eat dinner here again."}, {"review_id": "ConqXZ9VPv5dxDZQjqd8sg", "user_id": "nnqS1IUZbtgSHblsTJmP3A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/6/2017", "text": "I had HG burger with the beer cheese!  It was fresh juicy and unique!  They let you substitute the hash browns for a house salad with lemon vinaigrette for a $1.50. This was a great deal on a hand patty burger with a total bill of $12.55Yum!!!"}, {"review_id": "-hlLLn6TJ7CPvc2F_UmhhA", "user_id": "v69BnzH1gYSb-SgJsQ4auQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/1/2017", "text": "Delicious!! We went it for a quick dinner and really enjoyed the food and the atmosphere. The Greek salad was great, and so was the Mac and Cheese!"}, {"review_id": "n-EYlz01Wvdm8iLBzxcSKg", "user_id": "4jAyD__Coigw1kvUqEmYRw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/30/2018", "text": "The exterior is a very cool old building. The interior is very inviting and warm. I had the bone-in pork chops and pork fried rice with the Ye Olde Bastarde and ESB. Absolutely fantastic. The wait staff was friendly and efficient."}, {"review_id": "R4aeTD2z8K7cwq10X1KK0A", "user_id": "5jJjY5_R06Og56VfjIc66A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/8/2016", "text": "I must admit that maybe my expectations for this place were a bit high. After reading the reviews about this place, I expected to be blown away. In this case I was saving the best for last, not only because of their reputation for great beer but also great food.The building itself is magnificent. A beautiful old brick building on the corner, just oozing with character and patina. Inside, from floor to ceiling is exposed brick and upstairs seating on a balcony to left.  A chalkboard the size of an old Caddy has the daily specials to your right.H&G, based on what I read beforehand on their website, doesn't shotgun every beer style out there but focuses on fewer. Today there were three on tap: Wheat, Pale Ale and ESB. We sampled all three and none of them really blew us away. The Pale Ale was kind of sour and acidic. The Wheat (a bit malty/barley heavy) and ESB were just okay. I later found out that most of these beers are English style. So if you like that style, great, if you don't, you're like me and don't really care for Brit beers.The food was a completely different story.  The hummus was quite good and the presentation looked like an exotic bird. The portion was generous with good quality pita and olives. The PEI Mussels with chorizo were delicious - I ate everything including the garnish and broth.For the food I give four stars. The beer only three. Since we can't give 3.5 stars, I'm rounding up to four based on food and atmosphere. Just be aware that you may find the beer a bit of a letdown, depending on your tastes. Personally, I'm a fan of the food but not the beer."}, {"review_id": "58xng5tiOvUzcPSq6MlZKg", "user_id": "dJ5TdFvjxXRWTxMUW8EAsg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/4/2018", "text": "They always have really good beer on tap. Their menu changes, but I recommend the sharing a few appetizers, especially the sausage balls!"}, {"review_id": "sUbeTigtbImecbde582buw", "user_id": "zdpjigelIZ9RAa6mvFtKog", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/5/2016", "text": "This place was on my bookmarks but I had something else in mind for dinner the night we ended up here. Husband and I were drawn in by the look of the place when we drove by and since there was open outdoor seating, we decided to check it out because we didn't want to leave the pup in the car. We started with the beer cheese spread which was tasty, the bread that came with it deliciously fresh, soft, and warm. For meals, we ordered the shrimp, bacon, and grits and the black bean burger and split both in half. The bean burger was really good, especially the hash browns that came with it because they were so perfectly crispy, but I wasn't amazed by it. That's probably because I ate the shrimp and grits first. The shrimp were seasoned and cooked perfectly, and it tasted like those and the bacon were what gave flavor to the grits, which were less gritty than I normally prefer, more of an oatmeal consistency. It was delicious, though perhaps not $18 delicious. What detracted from our enjoyment, however, was the two college girls sitting immediately to our right who decided to light up cigarettes and smoke. I was surprised the server didn't say anything. I mean, yeah, you're outside but it's beyond rude to everyone sitting downwind of you, trying to eat. They were either oblivious or didn't care. Anyway, the food was above-average for a brewery and the beer we had (the session IPA) was great, along with the service. Minus the aforementioned incident and then taking forever to get and then pay our check, this was an enjoyable experience."}, {"review_id": "tgJ4smzApSJIPJ8Q1J-WCw", "user_id": "4yI61F8Wghwlzq_Y-rAbzA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/6/2016", "text": "I emailed the restaurant earlier in the week to see if the black bean burger and other items were vegan, but I never got a response. I also tried to call prior to going but nobody would answer the phone or it was busy or it went straight to voicemail. Communication is not their strong point.I later found out that the black bean burger itself is vegan so you just have to ask for it without cheese and sour cream. It looked completely freshly made and was packed with flavor. This seems to be a staple on the menu. They also have hummus for vegans. Getting a table is a little tricky; it is seat-yourself. The place seems to always be full, and it took a while to get waited on, but once you get past all of that, this place is great. I loved all the dining table options, from the outside seating, to the bar, to downstairs, and even to the upstairs balcony.  They only have a single room bathroom which was always occupied so I never was able to get to it.Service was friendly and adequate. My burger was very good. It came with hashbrowns which was clearly marked on the menu, but this was an oversight of mine because I should've known they would've come out oily. So I did not eat them but that was my fault for not ordering something else in advance as a substitute. I'm sure other people would've liked them.I may try to come back on a weeknight to see if it is less busy and maybe grab the hummus. Otherwise, it's not going to become a regular of mine."}, {"review_id": "zDUmX6gd9QzxfqT8ZL-bNQ", "user_id": "0N4TKTm4xmrSFC4TBmKWkw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/15/2016", "text": "I loved hunter gatherer. Loved it. Omg. So good. Good beer and food. Great ambiance. Wonderful service. I have nothing bad to say about this restaurant.I had the salmon special with rice and vegetables and the ESB beer. True to my waitress's description, the salmon melted in my mouth. The rice and vegetables were also good, but the salmon. Ooh the salmon. I love salmon, and it is so rare to get salmon this good.My ESB beer was a complex array of hops and malt, though this beer was more malty than hoppy. I wish they shipped the beer out here. But then maybe it wouldn't have been so fresh.My friends had the mussels, the house burger with beer cheese, and the shrimp grits and bacon. All I heard were good things... Except perhaps for the calories that their meals had, but they choose their meals. If that's the only complaint, that's saying something.We were able to readily chat here while we enjoyed our beers. It was just lovely. This would be my first stop back in Columbia."}, {"review_id": "w8aDS8KCGlHDHTyA7FTf6Q", "user_id": "Ic0ZK81jnsWfs4ztwpHEPQ", "rating": 2.0, "date": "2/24/2018", "text": "They have good beer brewed in the restaurant which is cool but I ordered a filet (medium) and they burnt it really bad it felt as rough as a thanksgiving turkey. They gave me half off the steak because of how poorly it was cooked. Need to hire a new chef."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/hunter-gatherer-brewery-and-ale-house-columbia?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]