[[{"review_id": "r6s29hRqbo9AAXosI1DRBA", "user_id": "Q7s0sXMfeiBup8BoRwuSLg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "Had a fancy date night here at Etch!Ordered the Pharmacopeia to drink which was nice and refreshing. I'd highly recommend that for tea lovers!  For an app, the shrimp and octopus bruschetta was great.. very fresh and flavorful. Oh, and the bread! They make fancy butters each night... it was strawberry donut and Cajun. Very good!!Charcuterie salad- when I first saw this on the menu, I thought it sounded like it had too much going on. I decided to go ahead and order it and I'm oh so glad I did. First off, it was plated beautifully...loved the presentation and all the vibrant colors. And I loved that every element of the dish was good on its own and when eaten with another element. Definitely a unique dish, and well- worth trying!Venison - O.MG. I haven't had venison since I was a kid and I hated it then...I just remember it tasting gamey. This was nothing like that. It was cooked to medium rare and it was tender, flavorful, and delicious. The dish as a whole was fantastic.. there was some kind of cheese stuffed phyllo dough which was da bomb, a mince paste, cranberries, a red pepper sauce, some kind of verde, an olive tapenade. I was sharing the dish and wish I could have had it all to myself. Would hands down go back for that.Olive Oil Almond Cake- I decided to order it because I was told it was divine. It truly was. The cake itself moist and subtly sweet. The lemon ice cream was tangy and complemented the cake perfectly. And that blackberry compote really was the cherry on top!  So, so, so good!!Great, attentive staff. Excellent food!! Had a wonderful dining experience with Etch!"}, {"review_id": "80BVSK7kmBDHLY0G55GNkA", "user_id": "9rAWWnPvbAE4gnra3ZQhlg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/19/2018", "text": "We were happy to get into this curiously out of place restaurant during a long weekend in Nashville. After lots of bland barbecue and plain americana we came here for dinner. Started with a great house cocktail that was a version of a whiskey sour. It was made with Care and attention to detail. The scallops dish was perfect. Big tasty scallops and nice cauliflower. A mixed green salad was generous enough to work as an entree. Service was excellent."}, {"review_id": "fp8ZeSXyQ1uv_0It4rsnrA", "user_id": "j3M1WOa5vV0GejB2wZZNEA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/11/2018", "text": "Nice, upscale, not strictly Southern food restaurant in downtown Nashville. I've come in for lunch and dinner as well as just sat at the bar on many occasions. The menu changes often, with some staples like the roasted cauliflower always available. There is only so much BBQ and heavy Southern dishes a girl can handle when visiting Nashville. This is always a nice break for good salads and entrees. The bread rolls cost extra to order but are worth it - served hot with two different flavor infused butters. Small bar with limited seating. Happy Hour throughout the week with a limited menu."}, {"review_id": "QRbP_5G_kB94398Wlrsxgg", "user_id": "UK9zEbO_wom0STZjd9cr7g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "When I come to Nashville. , I always try to eat here . Great food . Great presentation . The service is top notch and the open kitchen is really cool to see your food being prepared . Germaphobes would love this place for that fact alone . The decor is a lot of wood and semi fancy . The menu is eclectic . I like the filet . Served on a plate made out of some sort of rock . Pretty cool place ."}, {"review_id": "bPtuxturSzuAMMqColl97w", "user_id": "L-F0yuWFTNzSx3_eDvFctA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "Best restaurant in Nashville I have been to. Excellent atmosphere and professional staff. All of the food was very fresh and their menu is always changing and being updated. We sat at the chef's counter so we got a good view into the kitchen. The house made butters are very unique and once again always changing. Cocktails were on point as well. Easily the best upscale restaurant I have been to downtown. Will definitely be going back! Perfect place for dinner before going to a Preds game, about 2 blocks from the arena."}, {"review_id": "zJFTGbsHjFuHjO0_WPtXig", "user_id": "w--C9Ovc2HmxUg11NuskTQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "Very good upscale restaurant in Nashville. I love that you can see the kitchen and also had very nice ambience.  We had very good service, no hovering but always there when you need them. I started with the bruschetta appetizer, very flavorful, ate everything bite. Loved the different textures!  The Lamb loin was delicious with a touch of course salt leaving a wonderful taste on your tongue.  It also had lots of wonderful veggies but was too full to finish. Another friend had the Halibut special and said it was cooked perfectly and would order it again. For dessert we tried the chocolate hazelnut mousse and apple pie tart.  The mouse was decadent and very rich, definitely a shared dessert. The apple tart tasted like apple pie but could have used more apple filling. Would definitely come back, recommended for a lovely evening!!!"}, {"review_id": "G7s-CxNgxSjdZ5RGLBnNnw", "user_id": "idtf-MaJZo6F5jL3NcBB_w", "rating": 2.0, "date": "3/10/2018", "text": "I was attending a trade show at the convention center and we walked over to Etch to grab lunch.  While the restaurant is nice and service was okay, the food was pretty subpar. The lunch menu is pretty slim.  I went with the Shiitake & Gouda grilled cheese sandwich.  It was probably the worst grilled cheese sandwich I've ever had. The menu indicated the sandwich included \"brined\" apples but I could not detect any apple taste at all.  The horseradish mayo overpowered everything.  Etch was going for \"super fancy\" grilled cheese but missed the mark completely. The only saving grace was the house made potato chips.There are better lunch options in downtown Nashville."}, {"review_id": "2dOmpgXVx_HAmO0fMjWsAw", "user_id": "SP_h-flR3WBZLFJQ0OCTPg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/13/2018", "text": "I wandered in here and wow: score! I found the last seat at the small bar and opted to take advantage of the Happy Hour specials the bartender recommended: Mama Beet cocktail and a gorgeous cheese plate.  The cocktail tasted as unique as it looked: earthy, spicy, and refreshing.  The cheese platter followed that same path-the pairings were perfect and I ended up eating way more than I intended.  This is a fabulous spot.  Fresh ingredients, trendy atmosphere and very skilled staff."}, {"review_id": "AgYbrKjDh5491WkdQ0Btrg", "user_id": "lOhwJv9_kXVMPVK85eqpAA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/17/2018", "text": "Roasted cauliflower! Vegetables aren't something that would normally arouse your growing appetite, I suppose. I don't blame you, but I am really glad we ordered these from Etch. To celebrate our anniversary, we decided to do a classy dinner and splurge a little. I was happy with our service, food, drinks, and ambience so there isn't really more that I would want. Compared to other restaurants on this caliber, I wouldn't say Etch pushes the limits of their foods. They instead do stay in their lane and make decent food."}, {"review_id": "h1ITUk0h9h1C8LtuNJZU_A", "user_id": "QnIrewrXxFnssw_gG1gF-Q", "rating": 3.0, "date": "10/9/2017", "text": "I popped in for their happy hour which happens daily - even on Saturdays! On Saturdays, happy hour is from 4-5:30pm in the lounge area. You can get a few $4 beers and a few discounted appetizers.This was honestly one of the unhappiest happy hours though because our server did not seem to be in a good mood. We all have off days, so I'll try not to hold it against her too much. But my friend and I came in bouncing and bubbly happy. By the time we left, my buddy was in the crabbiest mood and he attributed it to the service. That's unfortunate.That aside, Etch is a beautiful restaurant. The hosts were very friendly and I could see coming back here for a full meal. They have 3 beers on tap and during happy hour they do $4 drafts, however one was out. So...there were just 2 beer options and only 1 of the 2 was local...so....I had the Asgard Voyager. When I ordered it she seemed confused and I had to repeat it a couple times then finally point to it on the menu. If you have two beers on tap, know them.Roasted Cauliflower $8 (normally $10 at lunch) - Loved this dish! Roasted cauliflower with a light truffle oil on it and a side of pea pesto with almonds, feta and red bell pepper sauce. Loved all of this and grabbing some cauliflower with the pea & feta was just divine! Cheese & Crackers $7 (same price at lunch) - Chilled blended Italian cheeses, tomato, arugula, pepperoncini vinaigrette, rosemary crackers...sounds good, right? Nu uh. We didn't like this dish at all. We ate about a third of it but the vinegar taste was insanely overpowering and it was a weird presentation. Nothing worked for us in this dish. If you want to try Etch and think you can actually experience it by going to their happy hour like I did, think again. Prices aren't really discounted, pickins are slim and it's very meh. Honestly I think they should do away with this piddly happy hour or revamp it a bit. I'd go back to try a full lunch or dinner service here, but skip the happy hour for sure."}, {"review_id": "DpS895O_Tmq4UHg2-ZRmTg", "user_id": "SKEyIy7xgrTOqnibAA2r4g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "The food was delicious and the presentation was great! We got the roasted cauliflower to start and the 3 sauces were incredible. The spinach salad was the best salad I've ever had!!! For our meal we shared the fish of the day which was good but not as good as the first 2 courses."}, {"review_id": "FWbrk1TCalOdEJ7kUEYlNw", "user_id": "QZ3grLRAy7do7inT4OcltQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/19/2017", "text": "Restaurant on the fancier side, located within walking distance to all the popular honky tonks in Nashville. I came here with a big group of friends for our fancy dinner of the trip and for a group of 8, we got seated in a private room which was great! The service was very friendly and attentive. The restaurant was nice and clean.My friends and I started off with bread with duo butter tasting. It didn't come free which was unfortunate but we were desperate for carbs after a day of drinking. It came with 4 rolls and a strawberry butter and truffle butter, special for that day. Good and fresh tasting. As for the main entrée, I got the seared duck breast which was filling. The duck was cooked very nicely. Okra was tasty. I liked the feta filo clutch because it was a good balance against the sweet pomegranate walnut sauce. We also shared a side of cauliflower which was very delicious. The truffle in the pea pesto was very truffly. The salted almonds were a nice addition, adding a good crunch to the dish.Overall, a great group dinner!"}, {"review_id": "SyQnRJvaKTW_znukQ6SrYQ", "user_id": "4P6veV4vN8e4g3_C38BMOA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "Great service! 5 stars if for only service. And the food was very well prepared. Yet there were waaaaaaay too many flavors going on per dish. The wine was good too. You may say they deserve 4 stars. Nope, when you're competing at the top and charge these prices you had better hit the mark."}, {"review_id": "RGSjjYu-raRpFpFp9nV9Tw", "user_id": "Tyb_FnUv3L0LqsYyL8FIAQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/27/2017", "text": "My boyfriend and I came here for dinner and loved everything we ordered. 5 star dishes:- Roasted Cauliflower- Peruvian Tuna Ceviche- Charcuterie Salad- Seared Duck BreastNote that I almost never order vegetables as an appetizer or a salad for an entree, but my friend recommended the cauliflower and I'm so glad he did! They were fresh, cruncy, and came with 3 complementary sauces. The duck breast was juicy and tender, and the salad had a good balance of greens + cheese + charcuterie."}, {"review_id": "ubK31IRdiJ6k785qA7gm0g", "user_id": "RcwUJFb354noXCAjrbXB6A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "8/5/2017", "text": "It was my last night in Nashville, I was on my own and also not super hungry. At the same time I was determined to at least try something at this restaurant due to the many recommendations that I received.  I stopped in early, sat at the bar and was given a happy hour menu. I ordered a totally acceptable, reasonably priced ($7) glass of Chilean red by the glass on happy hour.  The happy hour bites menu wasn't really catching my eye, and there were only 3 options so I felt limited. I was about to ask for the full menu but then I caught something from the corner of my eye. The gentleman to my right was eating a pretty complex looking salad (I actually wasn't sure it was a salad at the time to be honest). I asked what it was and he said the charcuterie salad and he very much recommended it. As someone who wasn't too hungry and had eaten a lot of rich food that week, I could totally convince myself (delusional) that salad was a good light option.  Well there were greens of course but also just about everything else and it's not a light bite.  The prosciutto was plentiful. There were large meaty fried oyster mushrooms, acidic apples confit and this balanced well with smokey flavors from the lima beans, gouda and cured sausage. The vinaigrette was tangy and a bit spiced and there was extra flavor from a mustard smear across the plate.  This salad is also HUGE! It certainly is meant to share or be a meal of its own. I loved every bit of it and nearly finished it, which was tasty work.  I got to eyeball other diners food in the bar and I must say there was a lot of buzz about the pork and the duck dishes. I hope to come in another time and enjoy a full meal here. Bartenders were very pleasant, quick to refill your water and offer another drink."}, {"review_id": "vOcQR5X-o6vsfiezbRS1hw", "user_id": "Om8ZSsazTm2xNawyHlvf7A", "rating": 1.0, "date": "1/4/2018", "text": "Maybe because it was NYE?  But Etch was a terrible experience.  Everything from food to service were terrible.  To be fair, if it didn't have such high recognition I probably wouldn't be as harsh, but if you are one of the best of Nashville, then for Nashville's sake, do better!Hubby and I were in town for NYE, another top notch restaurant was closed for the week so we got a reservation at Etch.  It was a prix fixe four course dinner.  Now, let's break everything down piece by piece.Decor & Restaurant:3 stars.  The decor was lovely, high ceilings, open kitchen and nicely lit, this itself would have been 5 stars.  However, the seating was horrid.  Management had placed too many tables for the space for a restaurant of this caliber; you know the tables needed to be spaced out more when every time a server comes through, my chair and the person sitting behind me's chair gets bumped.Service:3 stars.  If I ranked niceness alone, the staff would get 5 stars.  But the quality of service/training was not up to par.  Mistake 1, servers bought us our entree before our appetizers came; I told him we haven't even had our appetizers and then they realized that the entrees were meant for another table...  Mistake 2, after our actual entrees were served, our server cleared the plates and dirty utensils and left the clean dessert utensils...then another server comes by, takes those clean dessert utensils away.  My husband and I literally looks at each other in disbelief...as I'm desperately looking around for help, one of the other servers noticed the error and stoped the server that took our utensils and made him put it back.Food:1 star.  The only 5 star item on the prix-fixe menu was the lemon mousse my husband got with his dinner...the presentation was STUNNING, the texture and flavor were perfect.  Now, sadly on to the bad...Appetizers:  Me-Prawns with fried (shitake?) mushrooms.  The mushroom was saturated with batter and over fried...it hid the natural woody-sweetness of the mushroom...it was so coated in batter than I honestly couldn't tell you if it what kind of mushroom it was...  The prawns were sweet and delish, however again, over cooked.  While the flavor and quality of the prawns were amazing, the texture was rubbery.Hubs-Duck & butternut squash in dough wrap.  Again, too much dough...it was so thickly applied that it honestly hid any duck that was present.  The duck itself, however was good...but it was overpowered by the dough and the butternut squash (?) layer.Salad:Me: Prosciutto with brussel sprouts and greens.  The prosciutto was fine, nothing to write home about.  The salad was fine until I started chewing on salt crystals that were like rock candy.  I enjoy a good rock candy but not hunks of salt in my salad.  I took another bite, thinking maybe the first bite was a fluke and BAM, several other hunks of salt...WTF!?  So I then was like, maybe let my husband try and see if it's the same...he did, and he also got chunks of salt.  It was so bad that I only ate 1/4 of the salad before it was taken away.  Lastly, the brussel sprouts were NOT CUT...yes, you read that correct, they literally served me whole burssel sprouts on a salad.Hubs: Beet salad with blue (?) cheese semifredo.  The semifredo was actually well done...I was very pleasantly surprised.  While in Florence, we dined at their 3-Michelin starred restaurant and they attend a cheese based semifredo and it was HORRID.  But bravo Etch, you guys managed to pull if off decently well...however, the beets on the beet salad were not cut properly.  Each slice was about 1/2 in thick.  But overall, the salad was decent.Entree:Me: Venison.  The venison was cooked medium rare, as I had requested and they did a great job.  The only unfortunate issue (and I was hoping this would be a flawless dish due to the amazing way they prepared the meat) was that there were A LOT OF GRISSEL on the venison filet!  The entire dish was about 6 pieces of venison and 2 of the 6 had so much grissel that I could not even cut through it.Hubs:  Scallops.  Of the 3 scallops that came, one was NOT FRESH.  I was honestly at this point appalled. So we'll just end there.Dessert:Me: Chocolate bar.  Honestly, it was literally a chocolate bar...I think it may have come out of a wrapper, who knows.Hubs: Lemon Mouse.  OMG this was STUNNING and DELICIOUS!  WHERE DID THIS COME FROM!?  The presentation was dramatic with a dark red brush stroke against a beautiful dish, with the lemon mouse sitting 3/4 of the way on the dish.  The light airy and stunningly beautiful yellow and cream hue of the lemon mouse stood out BEAUTIFULLY against the berry colored brush stroke.  The texture of the mouse was smooth with structure.  The flavoring was perfect balance of fresh lemon and subtle sweetness.  BRAVO.Coffee:Me: None.Hubs: Cappuccino.  His cappuccino came out in a COFFEE MUG...like a straight up coffee mug you would find in a hotel's continental breakfast line up."}, {"review_id": "dO8dpGBRmkfm_u3rlztewg", "user_id": "ZergZhBdrCbhCgz-xCDqKw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/13/2018", "text": "Ooo goodness I love this place! Go immediately. It's right off the main strip downtown, but doesn't have that tonky tonk vibe. Low key, great service, great food and drinks. I especially recommend the duck fat tots. Also recommended is anything on the menu, haha. Literally cannot go wrong here. Will be back for sure. Thanks Etch!"}, {"review_id": "CDeeBAfkEe1LcwoqFYgz8Q", "user_id": "XqbZKHWhZzGpIu0dochn7g", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/1/2018", "text": "The menu​ was limited, though chef does a great of combining a number of ingredients​ to develop some flavorful dishes. Service was great....until. We were from out of town and visited the restaurant to celebrate a \"milestone\" birthday for my spouse - which the restaurant was well aware. I declined dessert, believing that I would share a bit of her birthday treat. However, when we were presented with the bill, she also got her birthday \"dish\". Which was literally a plain white plate with ONLY one candle burning atop. Thanks!"}, {"review_id": "LVJ6zgQefBmfLT5COWWHBw", "user_id": "MDWJ137wW_cf9IVGOB_87w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/26/2017", "text": "Sleek, modern restaurant located between the Honky-tonks of Broadway and the Country Music Hall of Fame. Service is very professional and menu offers lots of good options. Bar also offers lots of good options. We had a satisfying healthy lunch here. Definitely worth a visit. One of the more sophisticated eateries in Downtown."}, {"review_id": "Rlj6i0kCSdVMQsITY9GWLg", "user_id": "h-Ro8C9QTuY0McxYWToLOQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/4/2018", "text": "I stopped in here for lunch and had the roasted cauliflower with smoked peas humus and ricotta cheese dip and it was one tasty match up!   I followed that with the Carnitas special and it was equally delicious.The service was great, the atmosphere clean and bright and the food was some of the best I've had in Nashville and that's saying a lot.  Pricing was reasonable and everyone was helpful and friendly.  Highly recommended to all.  The locals know it well.  Fun happy hours 4-6 and the food is delicious!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/etch-restaurant-nashville-5?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]