[[{"review_id": "nTo6ggC7LnnC8lneg76bOQ", "user_id": "szr7O-0KfO0fl9D6PLC3hQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Delicious!We ordered:Pulled pork nachos- MUST ORDER! Simply amazingHalf rack of ribs- was ok, tasted much better when we reheated later strangely!Mac n cheese- Best I think I've ever had.Green beans- so good!Baked beans- amazing!Potato salad- delicious! I don't like mayo, and this was still creamy without the heavy mayo flavor.Line moved quickly, and our order was ready in less than 10 minutes. I will return every time I visit Nashville!"}, {"review_id": "UprREnWAe6Z_-Z9rYkTmoQ", "user_id": "R2y_4Orzs7MLRzA87IRYPg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Decided to check this place out based off all of the great reviews and I wasn't disappointed.  We must have timed it right because we were expecting a wait but fortunately there wasn't one.  The gentleman at the counter where you order was very helpful and pleasant.We decided to split everything so that we could try a little of each.  We ordered ribs, pulled pork and chicken.  For sides we got beans, slaw, and Mac and cheese.  All the meats were good, the pulled pork was both of our favorites,  in fact we liked it so much that we ended up going back up and getting another order once we finished the first one.   As far as the sides,  they were all good, none of them really stood out as being great!As far as bbq in Nashville, this place is worth checking out- hopefully you can get lucky as I did and not have to wait in a long line!!!Also I didn't drive there so I'm not sure how the parking would be; however, it didn't appear to have too much in the way of parking especially if it gets as busy as other people have stated. Just something to keep in mind!"}, {"review_id": "-t8zQkeEBwnLszsXZfgfXQ", "user_id": "3ZCnwpk-3QRVP5AStGqNtg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "Amazing food! Great prices! Great environment! Will definitely be back! I got the pulled pork sandwich with fries and Mac n cheese! Omg the mac n cheese was amazing! Hubby got the 1/2 rack which was as big as some whole racks.1 year old son got the kids pulled pork sandwich and fries. He ate almost all of it!"}, {"review_id": "S2wNie1Leqj4mEvW9IAl7g", "user_id": "bEGLhmfZB3wgVZcn9Aswwg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/16/2018", "text": "This place delivered solid BBQ! Don't miss it- was one of the best meals we had during our trip. The line was long but moved very quickly. The rule is you order first, then sit down. They have tons of tables with a rapid turnover rate, so it should be easy to get a seat. Food wise, we ordered a rack of ribs, mac and cheese, green beans, pulled pork sandwich, and baked beans. Everything came out fast and looked and smelled amazing. The ribs are dry rub and then you can put whatever sauce on that you want. They were super smoky, tender, flavorful, and all around delicious. The pulled pork sandwich was of the same caliber and my husband scarfed it down before I could get more than a few bites! The mac and cheese was not the best I've ever had, but was good enough. It would be better with real cheese, felt like more of a cheese sauce you would get in a packaged mac and cheese box. The green beans were smoky and bacon-y, basically ruining any health benefit you might get from eating a veg, but at least making it taste good! Pricing was reasonable and our overall experience was great. Would definitely recommend."}, {"review_id": "cO3iykxtuOS8Hcu0WtZOCQ", "user_id": "uBppOQx9SMtXeXUZUs7-BA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/10/2018", "text": "Holy moly this is hands down the best meal I had in Nashville, and possibly one of the best meals I've had in my life. There was quite a line for food but we were willing to wait considering all the great things we had heard about this joint. The line moved pretty fast and there was a lot of seating. It's pretty easy to get in and get out here. My boyfriend and I both ordered the rack of ribs. I ordered the half size and it was more than enough for me. My boyfriend ordered the full size and it was more than enough for him as well. The ribs come with the dry rub and you dress it with whatever sauce you choose after. I stuck with the mild. These ribs were so delicious - there is no way I can write about it and do it justice. You'll just have to go and try it yourself.I even bought the dry rub and bbq sauce to take home with me to New Jersey. One of the chefs or owners came up to us after and asked us how we were enjoying our meal. He explained how the ribs were smoked for 6 hours and then dry rubbed for 30 minutes. That's seriously incredible. I'm so happy I came here!"}, {"review_id": "qsLxjSPA2JtKrIwVRSsgLA", "user_id": "YVBB9g23nuVJ0u44zK0pSA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "You are here for dry rub ribs and pulled pork. You are not here for the decor. Smoked green beans and baked beans are really good. Fries are ok but do soak up a lot of that really good sauce. The rest are ok. Skip the kool aid pickles. Haven't had the fried pie or wings, but intend to. Bar is lively and parking is difficult. Please DO NOT bring your freakin dog."}, {"review_id": "PUeuBoNQf25rfxrOqbSCCA", "user_id": "Q2bq4M_js_iVdxFk-9OjMg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/30/2018", "text": "Worth the wait, so worth the wait! When you go- expect to stand in line. Go grab a beer while you wait, grab a menu and know what you want when you get up there. DON't be the jerk that grabs a table first. READ THE SIGN, that states order then sit! Trust the flow- you will get a spot! Food- after we ordered it was ready promptly. We grabbed our sauces and sat down. We had pulled pork, ribs and the pork nachos. The nachos were magnificent! There was nothing left of our meal- 3 kids polished off the pork plate! Very tender! The service was friendly and we would definitely recommend and visit again!"}, {"review_id": "7h4bk0V1UzhdYCc3-XiuxQ", "user_id": "GUO6W0OLRA8fg5yXtvkTiw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/5/2018", "text": "Due to cancer, the owner of the Peg Leg Porker had to get a prosthetic leg, giving the restaurant its name which I thought was an interesting tidbit.  They also have won best BBQ in Nashville for the last three years. These were two things I learned while waiting to order (I had to wait 29 minutes to order on a Friday night).Food: The dry rubbed ribs are incredible.  The seasoning they use would make literally anything be seasoned perfectly but the ribs are a must get here.   Based on other Yelpers, I got the green beans which were good and I am happy I got to eat some veggies although they weren't that great. I mean, I am not sure how to make green beans that great, they are pretty regular.  I also got the slaw and people were right, it was not too heavy but rather the kind that was a little sweet.  I would say definitely get that side.  I also got to try the Mac and Cheese and the Fries, both were below average and not sides I would get.Overall: Best ribs and slaw in Nashville (Compared to Edleys and Martins) but the rest of it was pretty average."}, {"review_id": "q-sAU5DL2ngOizhw_8S1GQ", "user_id": "xcnAcw1vdCzAz1NFFvX11g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "This place has my favorite barbecue of all time. Ever. It's amazing. They give you a perfect ratio of charred pieces to non-charred, their sauce is the best I've ever had, and their sides are always so good. The lunch line can be daunting if you show up between noon and 1 p.m. during the week, but they'll get you through it quickly. (Just don't be that dummy who sits down to try to reserve a table before you order. That messes up the whole process.)"}, {"review_id": "wnrv0eAQTLuTE-I8or71IQ", "user_id": "EaRd_4nFnPs8Fei-H2ZmVA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/28/2018", "text": "What to get: half slab of ribs, mac 'n' cheeseService: 4/5Atmosphere: very casual, dine in, to-goWait: 10 mins (Thursday 11:45AM for 1)Parking: Street parking, parking lots (some with free 1st hour)The Experience:The 6th and last stop on my BBQ trail journey. I had to get this one to go as well, but it was still excellent when I had it at home later the next day (I know, blasphemous, but I'd eaten so much BBQ, I needed a day off).Located behind a very hip and trendy district, there's lots of different parking options around and some of them have the first hour free. Don't be a dummy like me who thought a quick trip to Peg Leg after eating for an hour was going to go by unnoticed...and get a $60 parking ticket. My bad.Peg Leg is down a not so busy street, so there's some street parking in front of the place. It has patio seating, but since it was raining, everyone was inside. I came around lunch time, so the dining room indoors had quite a lot of people already prior to 12PM. That said, there were still plenty more benches and tables to sit at for groups of people.You order at the counter in the back and they'll either give it to you to-go or you take a number. It's relatively quick that I didn't have a lot of time to wait before heading back to my ticketed car. I will say that I'm impressed that even when reheated, these ribs were wonderful. It's the dry rub style with a lot of flavor and spice, plus the meat is still pretty tender that it was wonderful to eat. Half slab was about 7 ribs, which I couldn't finish in one sitting, per usual. Also, they did a great job with their sides. Most of the time, I begrudgingly take whatever, but the mac 'n' cheese and baked beans were great! I could actually see myself getting the mac 'n' cheese as an actual dish if I could. Of the dry rub variety, I would agree that Peg Leg was one of the best ones I've tried while hitting up the BBQ hot spots."}, {"review_id": "ujEfdZJ19r6f75e2JM1V3Q", "user_id": "p9TNT6pNKRuvBSzNf27JkQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/27/2018", "text": "We stopped by on a busy Saturday night around dinner time. There was a line out the door, but it moved pretty quickly. There's a fair amount of seating inside and you can also sit at the bar and order food. We decided to split a meal between the four of us, since we had a big lunch. You have to order the ribs, it's what they do. The ribs have a dry rub, but they have bbq sauce that you can add on the side if you want. They were flavorful and delicious and I'm not a ribs kinda gal. We also went with the mac and cheese, green beans, and kool-aid pickles on the side. The mac and cheese was super creamy and delicious. The green beans on the other hand weren't as flavorful as I had hoped, they were definitely better at Martin's. The kool-aid pickles also didn't impress me. They tasted just like pickles, but didn't have a sweetness at all. I would definitely stop back in next time I'm in town, but I wouldn't share the mac and cheese again."}, {"review_id": "mAYENlE3u42JM1cMYXR1ng", "user_id": "-DZcFYyLHWShzI6nCc-vNA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/12/2018", "text": "Doesn't matter what time you go, The Peg Leg Porker is busy. Line definitely out the door at this casual dining spot. I will say, the line moves very fast. This is definitely the BBQ joint for the locals. They LOVE it. My meal was good but the service was excellent. The staff is very sweet , welcoming and accommodating."}, {"review_id": "zeLLb3jXvkTcBNfam57yRw", "user_id": "G1h1gHD9q31P4b-sIBoz6w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/19/2018", "text": "Well, apparently Nashville wasn't really a big BBQ place until about four years ago, something I did not know. Peg Leg Porker is a quick in and out visit. I parked, went in, ordered a half BBQ chicken with mac & beans (two sides), and my buddy ordered a pulled pork sandwich with fries and green beans. When I got my chicken and I saw that big coat of red dust, I knew it had to be good, because I also cook my BBQ in that way! So, yes, all BBQ has a thick rub on it. And it is good. Add the sides, some delicious food just happened.My buddy said his pulled pork was really good.This place is cool. We found a table after we got our food, and chilled for an hour, watching sports in the direction of the bar."}, {"review_id": "q5I0GvmlGZrnl9IzD2FWZw", "user_id": "8YgJGtQIK6SRqxD7hh47kg", "rating": 2.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "Way overrated, not sure why it's so busy!  Ribs were over cooked (in a bad way), mac and cheese (their \"best side\") was nothing special at all.  The rub on the ribs had a strange flavor and was definitely not good on its own...had to smother in sauce.  Green beans and coleslaw were good...and I think the sauce was good, but the rub killed it.  I've eaten a lot of BBQ and I'm not impressed."}, {"review_id": "0TdgooYfkHV73YDUQIjWEA", "user_id": "9fjGRNPTtsJyxtFC_O0x8g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/17/2018", "text": "My best friend and I are both a sucker for some tasty BBQ so when we were in Nashville this was a no brainer. We walked in around 3 or 4pm to a line out the door. This was instantly a sign that we have found the right place but don't fear the line, it moves fast. The food list was super minimal showcasing they knew their barbecue and they did it well. While you're waiting in line the menu is well displayed above to order and pick-up counters. Both of us being huge BBQ fans, we were so excited to dig in and compare to our hometown taste of Eli's.We both went with the pulled pork sandwich plate that comes with two sides which can be smoked green beans, cole slaw, French fries, bbq beans, Mac and cheese or potato salad. After some long deliberation, I ended up going for the bbq beans and French fries.When placing your order they have a wall full size of their sauces and products you can buy and my friend ended up getting one of their dry rubs to take home. After placing your order they call it out on the other side when it's ready and that's much faster than expected too.Now don't go in expect a five star spot, this is real country BBQ and their environment calls to that. The food is also super spot on. A LOT more smoke incorporated in the food than Eli's for all my Cincinnati people but so good and definitely work a stop next time your in Nashville. Oh and the cups you can take to go as a piece of your trip! Which is always fun."}, {"review_id": "o1UQ64xbP7uA89PV5vN_CA", "user_id": "Om8ZSsazTm2xNawyHlvf7A", "rating": 2.0, "date": "3/27/2018", "text": "I'm surprised by the amount of incredible reviews here.  Perhaps our taste in BBQ is different?After a significant long wait (fine by me, I'll wait for good food ANY DAY), we ordered the ribs, cool aid pickles, smoked green beans and Mac'n'Cheese.  The ribs were seasoned well, but lacking in meat.  It was also pretty tough so between no meat and what little meat being so tough, we left both hungry and disappointed. To be honest, I knew the cool aid pickles were a 50-50 shot at amazing or disgusting.  Unfortunately, it was disgusting...the cool aid never saturated/pickled the cucumber so what you had was a sour pickled coated with a pinkish/reddish tint and random sugar flavoring...oh God it was just awful.The plus side was the smoked green beans were amazing, as they were perfectly tender without being mushy and had a great big smokey flavor! The side of Mac'n'cheese was good, but not amazing...it was well done, but the cheese sauce was lacking in flavor and reminded me of stuff out of a box.  Unfortunately, this seems like a tourist trap and we fell right into it."}, {"review_id": "UL7dvGrHOvRkdWXqL04_8Q", "user_id": "1iud8yIR9J3qIXgHLIpQHA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "This is my first time trying this type of BBQ being from Central Texas it was quite different. The dry rub ribs were super tasty and had a wonderful amount of rub on them and were not spicy or sweet just super smoky. The two sauces were nice but tasted very similar to me. We went at an off time and there were still a several tables taken so I can see how during busy times they would be absolutely slammed. Parking is not the greatest either, they have a very small lot and street parking near by. Not a super family friendly spot, they do not have a changing table in the restroom."}, {"review_id": "Dj5ZPK-Z81A1QE39ouBaCg", "user_id": "iwL_Kz0WVgTW4BFMohy80w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/28/2018", "text": "YASSS NASHVILLE YASSSS!!! This place is everything! The BBQ is the best I've ever had and the service was insanely fabulous. I swear I ordered a half chicken and it was done within 2 minutes. There was plenty of places to sit and the staff wandering around were so friendly!This is an order at the counter and pick your seat kind of place so don't expect a romantic sit down with waiter service. However, it doesn't matter it's fabulous either way.I recommend the ribs, mac n cheese, chicken, beans and fries. I tried them all and you can not go wrong! Please do your life a favor and stop here on your trip to Nashville. You will no be disappointed!"}, {"review_id": "sO-F7PrqJYK6bzCHOiReKA", "user_id": "G1WtcPD-okGJ5ZW5NLxm3g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/1/2018", "text": "4.5! It was one of our favorite meals in Nashville! We weren't even hungry, and we demolished a half order of ribs, wings, 2 sides, and a few cups of sweet tea and lemonade! I'm so glad it was our last full meal before heading back home.FOODDelicious dry rub ribs (half order), wish it would have been slightly more moist/juicy but add the hot or mild bbq sauce and it is delectable!Best Mac and Cheese from the whole trip - cheesy, saucy comfort food! The coleslaw really complemented the meal! Slightly tangy, sweet, and creamy with a crunch.Order of 4 Wings with a mix of hot sauce and dry rub (suggested to us) that tasted like a good Buffalo sauce, and a side of ranch + white sauce - it's the same mayo mix they use on their coleslaw! Comes with a couple carrot sticks and celery.Quenched our thirst with sweet tea that went down so easy! And some fantastic lemonade. Ended the meal with an Arnold Palmer (half Tea and half Lemonade).Next time, I'd like to try their pulled pork and pork nachos!SERVICE / WAITArrived on Monday close to 11am, no line at all. Plenty of seating inside or on the patio. We opted to enjoy the cool AC. By the time we left around 12pm, the place was filling up. We asked the guy at the cashier for guidance and he recommended the ribs and the wings. He didn't steer us wrong!There was a good amount of street parking and some spots in the outside parking lot."}, {"review_id": "NXaaKkUh7EnwplVPv6zARQ", "user_id": "HFCytKLjjitF73B_Hwp2bQ", "rating": 1.0, "date": "3/13/2018", "text": "The food is fine (but Martin's is much better). One member of their staff is not. This review is only one star because this employee ruined what was, up until we interacted with him, a decent meal. Upon arrival, I ordered a Grey Goose and soda. It was everything you would expect a Grey Goose and soda to be; fresh, vibrant, and light. Close to the end of the meal, We ordered a second Grey Goose and soda. This time, there is a different person behind the bar (tall, large statured man in a trucker hat).  This drink was awful - it tasted dirty. Not sure if the gun he was using for the soda was different, or if the glass wasn't clean, or if the lime he squeezed was rotten, but the drink was terrible. We alerted him to this, and our conversation went something like this Me: \"Hey buddy, this drink doesn't taste right. It's completely different than the one I had before.\"  Him: \"What are you, a Grey Goose connoisseur?\" Me: \"Actually, we are. She works for Grey Goose (pointing to my partner). So yes. We know exactly what a Grey Goose and soda should taste like.\"Him: \"Well, it probably tastes different because the glass is bigger. You know, so now there's more soda in it than the other one.\" He made no attempt to ask what was wrong, make us a fresh drink, or take the drink off the bill. He wrote us off as idiots and walked away. Unwilling to have an argument with him, further ruining our day, we paid our bill and walked out. And we want everyone reading this to know that if you want some good old fashioned mansplaining, feel free to sit at the bar with this foolish, arrogant imbecile."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/peg-leg-porker-nashville?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]