[[{"review_id": "n8N7hQmP-9rn_36ml4L7ow", "user_id": "k5RX-cB3hGjgPNjIPmjmlg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Biscuit Love doesn't need another 5 star review,  but it sure as shit deserves it. So here we go.I ventured the 500 steps from my desk in Cummins Station to Biscuit Love on this fine Tuesday morning. It has been on my list for months, but every time I see the line I put my feelings aside and opt for one of the less popular options in The Gulch.The line took about 20 minutes today. It wasn't wrapped around the building. About 15 people were in front of us. The nice thing about this brunch spot is that the wait is before you order, not after. After you make your way inside (aka the hostess tells you it's your turn to stand inside), it only takes a few minutes to get to the front to order. While you are inside, you have a whole bunch of goodies you can buy. Brunch T-shirt's, socks, hats..... tourist traps for days! One thing I found more than humorous was their colored pencils. They sell a hipster jar of 10 colored pencils for $6.95. Yes you read that right.... they are selling jars of colored pencils for $7. AND people are buying them, so yassssss!!!! Thanks for feeding Nashville's economy with your $7 colored pencils. You go Biscuit Love. We ordered food up front. We got Bonut for appetizers. I ordered a princess (a biscuit with hot chicken) and my coworker ordered a southern Benny (which despite its name does not come with the hollandaise sauce, but gravy instead). Our food was out within minutes of sitting down. A lot of the tables were empty, which was surprising given the line outside. That is their game, you wait up front, but your food gets to you quick once you are inside.At the end of the day, would I wait in a 2 hour line for biscuits? Hell no. But then again you are talking to someone who wouldn't sit for more than 15 minutes in an ER waiting room when their sister is giving birth... so I might not be the best person to ask. Would I wait in a 20 minute line for some amazing Nashville food? Absolutely. Would I return on a Saturday morning? Nope."}, {"review_id": "fEuKghTs6Wl31K3qSLUTig", "user_id": "RBQ2rtnMI93JuE8UyVBItg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "The quintessential brunch spot in Nashville, you'll want to hop on line and wait for Biscuit Love again and again.Once you get inside order up at the counter and the food comes out lightening fast. Why is this place worth the wait? *Lily.* A biscuit French toast with lemon mascarpone & blueberry compote whose bold and delicate flavors mingle with a perfectly crisp and buttery biscuit to create an unforgettable meal.Or if you're feeling savory, the Princess hot chicken biscuit sandwich scream Music City as well.They have some of the most tempting options such as gertie - biscuit with chocolate gravy, peanut butter, caramelized banana jam, & pretzel crunch....and hummingbird family reserve - drop biscuits filled with pineapples & banana jam topped with pecans & cream cheese frosting which make me want to have the whole experience next weekend! Pro tip: parking in many lots offer your first hour free at the Gulch location"}, {"review_id": "lNA7Voyfjr6gmE04uL4cxQ", "user_id": "Q5TbqN-H2zF5_6taTF0EXw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "Road trip to Nashville and had to stop here.I was on the fence whether to give Biscuit Love a 4 or 5 star review, but went with 5, because of the BoNuts.What I ordered:-Biscuits-BoNutsI consider myself to be a biscuit connoisseur... I have a slight obsession. Why I considered Giving 4 not 5 stars- I thought Biscuit Love had okay biscuits... nothing to write home about. When \"biscuit\" is in the title you better knock it out of the park!- Overly long line. I think they could figure out a better system. The line didn't take us too long... maybe 20ish minutes (we arrived around 8am on a Saturday), but when we left it was very long. I image it would take at least an hour. It's not that they don't have seats in fact there were plenty, but not enough people to take orders. This could easily be fixed.Why I gave them 5 stars- Everyone working here was very friendly- BoNuts! (Biscuit + Donut = BoNut) The BoNuts are a perfect blend. They were sweet, but not too sweet. I LOVED them, and would go back and wait for just them!OverallGo, but get there when they open at 7am if you go on the weekend."}, {"review_id": "8RoWE-K0GYQxuhyq81PICA", "user_id": "RV4SO0oL5ZOtLVnipyL5GQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/27/2018", "text": "Who doesn't love a good biscuit? This place was highly recommended by several people that we asked, so we made sure to dedicate some time for biscuit love during our trip to Nashville.*S.E.C.- while I certainly enjoyed eating this massive biscuit, it didn't quite live up to my expectations and seemed to lack something. The egg was nice and gooey, sausage was tasty, but the cheese really didn't seem to add much. Probably wouldn't order this again. *Wash Park- now this was tasty! I was jealous that my lady ordered this but she took pity on me and let me have a few bites. Not only was it a hefty biscuit, but the cheese, jam, patties just all worked well together. This one is definitely worth ordering! *Bonuts- perfect if you have a sweet tooth. We enjoyed every single bite! I could go for some more right this second actually. Overall our experience was great, the food was pretty good, and we got lucky and didn't have to wait in line during the time we went. While I wasn't impressed with my own biscuit, I will say that I still enjoyed the other items that I tried and would go back again."}, {"review_id": "zW_kdGy5lUJXUmbfflaIfg", "user_id": "6Ran9TpexL4gVhuGZA1lcQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "I was in the Nashville area for spring break and I decided to give Biscuit Love a try since I was in the Gulch area. Here's a quick tip - the \"Nashville wings\" aka the \"What lifts you\" mural is located right around the corner from this spot. Biscuit Love was on my radar before I even set foot in Nashville because of all the wonderful reviews I saw for this place. My choice was confirmed after I met another group of out-of-towners gleefully leaving the spot and speaking its praises. Now this place was not great because of the service. The servers and staff here actually seemed really hands-off and unbothered. The food was awesome though!! The bacon was perfection! It tasted like I was eating a tender cut of steak and the biscuits were fluffy and southern -lol! I also tried the caramel latte. It wasn't the best I've had, but it was cute and not the worst latte that I've had - just nothing to brag about. Now my favorite dish on this visit had to be the Bonuts!!! Yes Lawd! In my opinion, the Bonuts are a cross between Beinets and Donuts! Perfect!! It comes with a blueberry compote! We shared two orders for our group of 4 people and that was enough because we were all stuffed. You will definitely leave this place with the ittis! Here a few more specifics: The pricing was pretty affordable, but things can add up. My total tab came to about $20ish dollars with an entrée (S.E.C), latte (caramel), and the bonuts. Parking: We took a Lyft; however, there is street parking and a public lot (maybe a block away from the place). I'm not sure on the pricing of the public lot, but there appeared to be ample street parking. There are many boutiques and other cool places to visit around the area so park and explore. Ambiance: The ambiance is casual. There is a lot of Biscuit Love apparel and merchandise as you enter in the front. The décor is cool and you can get a pretty dope picture at the huge Nashville sign located on the wall of this place. Tip: Try to get on the waitlist before you come. I heard the wait can be lengthy, but this place is actually worth the wait."}, {"review_id": "oRvoGXyrow4_gDEWi2pGXQ", "user_id": "IYhmZ4Kw2x7iuoEdMvmNIg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "I'm not really a biscuit person but we decided to give this place a try. We waited about 45 min on a Saturday around 11 am. I am so glad that we decided on this place and waited because it was quite a delicious meal. We started with the bonuts (biscuit/donut) which were soft, sweet, and very tasty. We got the east nasty as well as chronic bacon and wow! The gravy was flavorful, chicken was crispy and juicy, and the bacon was smoky and sweet. They all complimented each other perfectly to make an unbelievably delicious meal."}, {"review_id": "NcePYkUgUJtxjifncaFDfQ", "user_id": "uBppOQx9SMtXeXUZUs7-BA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/10/2018", "text": "This restaurant is worth the wait.We were visiting Nashville for vacation and we heard from locals that Biscuit Love is a breakfast place we absolutely need to try. They were so right. We arrived around 9 am and there was a line formed outside the door. There were quite a number of people ahead of us, however by the time we left the restaurant, the line had grown much longer than when we were on it.We waited on line for maybe 20-30 minutes which wasn't too bad. We ordered the bonuts to share, and I got the bananas foster oatmeal and the chronic bacon. The bonuts were delicious and not overwhelmingly sweet. It is sugared and decorated with lemon and blueberry flavors. I thought they complemented each other well. My favorite part of the breakfast was the chronic bacon. I have never had such delicious bacon in my life! The flavor is one I will never forget. It was sweet, spicy, and savory all in one.Now, what makes the waiting in line worth it is not just the delicious food, but how QUICKLY the food came out. The food came out in under 10 minutes. It was incredible. The restaurant itself is adorable. There's a cute, big, light-up Nashville sign against the wall. You seat yourself after ordering at the counter so it's a pretty quick and casual joint. I would come back to Nashville just for Biscuit Love."}, {"review_id": "-z4dBmmAh7LBncOw7A287Q", "user_id": "bEGLhmfZB3wgVZcn9Aswwg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/9/2018", "text": "So much hype for this place. I'd say it delivered about 75% of my expectations but I was still left leaving a little disappointed. The line is long. There's no way around it. On a rainy Monday at 1, we waited almost an hour outside to get in here. Once you get inside, you order at the cashier and then they bring your food out to you at a table. In terms of food, we opted out of the bonuts. I really would love the option to just get 1-2, but for the 2 of us, 5 is just way too many and we couldn't justify getting them and not finishing them. It would be cool if you could just get a side order with your meal. We saw a lot of tables only eat a few and leave the rest to be thrown out, pretty wasteful.We ordered the Southern Benny, the Princess chicken sandwich, and a side of grits. The Princess sandwich is the reason why this place is 4 stars, and not a 2 in my book. This sandwich was incredible. The chicken was fried perfectly and it was crispy, juicy, and delicious with just the right amount of heat. It was probably the best thing we ate the whole time we were in Nashville and I wasn't expecting it to be the highlight of our meal. Wow- get this and you won't regret it.The Benny was such a disappointment and this is what I was looking forward to most. The sausage gravy was bland and was lukewarm. The whole thing was just muddled together and bleh. The grits were also lukewarm and were pretty disappointing as well. I thought about sending it back to get heated up, but there's not really a designated server and everyone who works there is kind of rushing around looking stressed so I couldn't get anyone's attention easily. In summary- be prepared to wait. Get the Princess sandwich. Don't get the Benny. Lower your expectations a little."}, {"review_id": "PAASjYtLxGVtD8f5CR6zHQ", "user_id": "Eus5ji048KwmXXDSKKmxKg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/28/2018", "text": "I'm in love with Biscuit Love. Don't let the line deter you (it was long when we went and we waited about an hour). It gives you plenty of time to peruse the menu. Their menu is Southern breakfast food with a focus on their biscuits. This is how it works: You order at the counter, get a number and find a table. I ordered the two egg platter with two well done eggs, bacon, grits, and coffee. The food came out quickly, which we appreciated after waiting in line. The eggs, bacon, and grits were tasty. They actually made some of the best grits that I've tried. I had high hopes for the biscuit; it is called biscuit love after all. Their biscuit did not disappoint. It was light and flavorful with a hint of sweetness. It wasn't as heavy as other biscuits which I liked. Everyone in my group seemed to like their food too. The staff was friendly, helpful, and made sure we had what we needed. Trisha Yearwood has been here too which is a fun fact! Definitely worth the wait."}, {"review_id": "oEJQZ72tG8tifvZlTVNIqA", "user_id": "du9DdBdEG8gkfxivYGn4JQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/30/2018", "text": "I came for brunch here when I was visiting Nashville for a bachelorette weekend. We came here at around 9:45am and the line was already long, waited for an hour and it was worth the wait. Once you make it inside, you order at the counter and take a seat anywhere in the restaurant. The servers bring the food to your table.To start with, the Bloody Mary's looked really good but I decided to get a tequila based drink, which was great. I wanted the bourbon one but they were out of it. For my food, I got the princesses - trust me it was a hard decision, I wanted to try everything on the menu but I was really happy with my choice. If you like spicy food, this is a great option and if you can't decide between this and nasty eats, you can always get the princess and a side of gravy.We also got a plate of bonuts, there were 5 of them and can be easily shared. You definitely need to try them, they were delicious!Overall, I was really happy with the experience and would definitely recommend this place."}, {"review_id": "Jl3pREoEXaaDK_4ALYGnog", "user_id": "r8Fg03YuJifOZVn6HG_QuQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/23/2018", "text": "If you're visiting Nashville or entertaining out-of-town guests, Biscuit Love (either location) is a must. It's one of the best places in town--along with Monell's or the Loveless Cafe--to get a legit (read: \"heart attack-inducing delicious\") Southern brunch.Pro-tips: arrive early, like 8:00-9:00am. If the line extends to, or loops back at, the corner, then you're likely looking at a 1-1.5+ hour wait, and are better off returning another day. Also, a lot of the Gulch street parking is valet-only after 11:00am, so arriving earlier usually means free parking, too.Highlights on the menu: the Princess, East Nasty, Lily, Gertie, Bonuts, and Chronic Bacon. You can't go wrong with any of these, really. Our usual go-to is to get one sweet and one savory entree and split both, with a side of the Bonuts. For the price, the portions are pretty generous, too.If you haven't been to Biscuit Love, IMO, you haven't really done Nashville right. This one's as much a Nashville staple as the obligatory awkward-family-photo in front of the Parthenon."}, {"review_id": "g6-_SLBa2ubCayUMD60L2A", "user_id": "lMY8NBPyzlPbbu-KBYfD9A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/14/2018", "text": "Line wrapped to the edge of the building when we arrived at 10am but it moved fairly quickly. There's a hostess outside to greet you & extend a menu to glance over while you wait. Once inside capture the lit NASHVILLE display until you reach the register for placing your order. The young lady was multitasking (filling water cups & taking orders simultaneously) It was distracting & offputting in my opinion. We ordered the following:Bonuts (everything on side) superb combination. East Nasty (chicken, gravy, parmasen & fluffy biscuit)Brussels (shaved with hazelnuts) so beware if you have a nut allergy Bloody Mary (SPICY, tons of texture, seeds) it was decent but I wouldn't reorder. Overall nice experience for a southern style breakfast. ~Christy"}, {"review_id": "q_x0ofHTTT06yX7m23XrDg", "user_id": "_0ZkcuLf7FRHuPLDKZY9OQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/30/2018", "text": "My only breakfast experience in Nashville was at Biscuit Love, and after one visit, I think it's worth coming back to on a return trip. The table ordered the bonuts to share while waiting for the rest of our order, and those things were worth a trip in and of themselves! My main dish was the Nasty Princess, which features a biscuit with hot chicken smothered in gravy, with the option of a fried egg on top, which I didn't get. The chicken was incredibly flavorful and the gravy & biscuit just added a little bit extra to the experience of eating it. The portion size was ridiculous for breakfast! I finished maybe half of the sandwich.After a phenomenal initial visit, Biscuit Love is definitely on my list as for a revisit the next time I'm in Nashville."}, {"review_id": "GaUC1Gso8rQwJ2MvRxoqOg", "user_id": "zbJKJzgdUFA-2x356CNL3Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/23/2018", "text": "We loved Biscuit Love! Everyone waits in line to come here but it is worth the wait! You must order the bonuts. It was quite possibly one of the best breakfast items I have ever had. Fried biscuit dough... need I say more?! It's sweet, yet savory. I also split the East Nasty; quite possibly one of the top most ordered items. Fried chicken, biscuit, gravy. Woah! The only downside about this restaurant besides the waiting was my latte. It was weirdly spiced. Doesn't matter though. The food was amazing and the staff was super friendly. I highly recommend!!!"}, {"review_id": "-Af5LfMNVGair4b7c7syBw", "user_id": "vqXRWkloumbayzntY6HOGg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "Went to Nashville for a friends bachelorette party, and the bride to be really wanted to do brunch here. I am not a big fan of biscuits and really did not see what the big deal was but of course, you have to do what the bride says and just go with it. So we took an Uber straight down to the Gulch and they dropped us off. The line was down the block and it was freezing outside. My first thought, you have to be kidding me, this place better be worth it. The people on line said the line is usually longer and it is shorter because of the weather. About 45 mins later we were inside. We were given Menus the moment we stepped through the front door. You have to order everything before you sit down, this includes coffees, cocktails, side dishes, you name it. This part I wasn't too crazy about but it is what it is. After our table of 6 places our order we found a table and waited for our food. Everything came at once. First thing I went for was the bonuts, and wow they were absolutely delicious. The second thing was the biscuit. I kid you not it was without a doubt the best biscuit I have ever had in my life. Everything about it was pure perfection, I still can't believe how good it was. It was served with a side of the best jam I have ever had as well. That alone made me realize, ok, the wait was totally worth it. The next thing I decided to try was their Grits. Now I have had my fair share of grits in my life, but these were ridiculously amazing, also probably the best I have ever had. For a meal, I got the eggs sunny side up with bacon, which were also yummy. The latte however, was a little too cold for my personal preference, In general, I thought the meal itself was fabulous, however, they should probably consider going to a bigger location so the line is not out the door and down the street. It would also be a better experience if it had waitresses that took your order at the table, but that's just one woman's opinion."}, {"review_id": "SkcpxjqjOm0PR8GWYLhmsw", "user_id": "p7ad3fpUlkZ6hfyM51JaaA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/9/2018", "text": "I had such high expectations for this place after everything I had heard from friends and family. Honestly, it wasn't worth it. The good:The decor is beautiful. Very airy. Tons of natural light. I like the idea of the opening seating. You go and order you food at the counter and it arrived to our table within minutes.The bad:I wasn't impressed with the presentation or the food to be honest.We came around 1:30 on a Friday afternoon and didn't have to wait. But I can't imagine waiting around to hours only to get the food and be disappointed by it. I got the French omelette and was extremely underwhelmed. Not a ton of flavor, the portions were t big. I wasn't satisfied at all by the end of my meal.My friend got the Lindstrom- basically made up of sports and eggs. Not the best presentation and didn't have a ton of flavor. She ended up adding a ton of hot sauce to it to give it a little something. We did get the bonuts to share and those were pretty good. Overall, I wouldn't recommend this place. While I loved the decor and tasty drinks, the food did not live up to my expectations. In a city like Nashville that has tons of tasty brunch spots, you're best bet is to go somewhere else."}, {"review_id": "PqM-LWh2niKeWtTBxGdGgg", "user_id": "cunpzBkEboEewYlFofWhTQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/15/2018", "text": "OMG! Biscuit Love was at the top of my list for brunch spots to hit up while on a weekend trip to Nashville. When I arrived, at around noon on a Saturday, the line was circling around the front. We almost left until an employee told us it would only take 45 mins-not bad. To make things quicker, you actually order and pay before sitting down. Thankfully, they pass out menus in line so you have plenty of time to decide. I got the \"East Nashty.\" Fried chicken, sausage gravy and cheddar on a biscuit. It was unreal. The chicken was awesome- crispy on the outside and tender inside. The sausage gravy was so flavorful. I also loved the biscuit and the flavors blended together so well. We also added on the bonuts, biscuit donuts. They are a must. They're the perfect \"appetizer.\" Do not be deterred by the long line, biscuit Love is worth the wait. Oh-and visit the angel wings mural...it's only a block away!"}, {"review_id": "T6mX-ynXIHoYmVXLc0gXmQ", "user_id": "rGoUVYVD85Ulv_cJJYTb_w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "We went here while in town for myBachelorette party after a workout and Barry's Bootcamp.  We had to stand in line for about an hour, but the line moves quickly and the food and drinks were worth the wait.  You absolutely have to get the Bonuts, so so good! All the dishes we got were good, we all especially liked the Princess hot chicken dish."}, {"review_id": "osdHRPzQ0NhCAYD9wKmOCg", "user_id": "bLbSNkLggFnqwNNzzq-Ijw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/27/2018", "text": "In short: worth waking up early for. I popped in at 8AM on a weekend after a nearby workout and was the last person in line to fit in the door. When I left less than an hour later, the line was snaking up the street and staff said a 3 hour wait isn't unusual. I don't know if I'd wait that long for the East Nasty, but it's definitely a great sando.Bon Appetit magazine named the East Nasty their fave sando of 2015, and it's still one of the most popular orders. As a solo diner, it was my only order- house made biscuit topped with fried chicken thigh, doused in southern cream gravy, plus shredded aged white cheddar. Biscuit itself was on the thicker side but the gravy was just the right consistency and the chicken, oh my.  It was very tasty and I could barely stomach half. I took the other half home for a friend and it was devoured in record time amid comments such as \"where did you find this?\" and \"can we go back?\"I would advise coming with a friend so you can balance out the sando order with the bonuts for some sweet with your savory- think biscuit donut holes with two sauces. It's a super pretty presentation and literally both tables on either side of me got this and made audible \"yum\" noises when they tore in. If that's not a ringing endorsement, I don't know what is."}, {"review_id": "4xUBPndFBA0w62hVT3irTg", "user_id": "-DZcFYyLHWShzI6nCc-vNA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/12/2018", "text": "Only open from 7:00am-3:00, Biscuit Love is Always busy! There was line out the door, and with good reason! The food here is great! I ordered shrimp and cheese grits with a homemade biscuit. My shrimp and grits were cooked to perfection containing cheese, mushroom, bacon and green onion. My biscuit was a perfectly done, buttery, moist with strawberry jam. After the lovely meal. My friends and I decided to try the \"bonuts\" which is a biscuit/donut topped with lemon mascarpone served over blueberry compote. (Serving of 5 for $7) They are Devine!! My entire meal was great but the bonuts alone would have been worth the wait. Biscuit love first opened it's doors in 2015 in the Gulch area of Nashville Tennessee. They have since added two additional locations in Tennessee, Franklin and Hillsboro. The only gripe I have about Biscuit Love is.... WE NEED MORE LOCATIONS!!!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/biscuit-love-gulch-nashville-3?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]