[[{"review_id": "bytGibFlobNkdd50c8bCfg", "user_id": "L_fdAnrH5Pxi4PqF08_ToA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/9/2018", "text": "Great service. Great food. Lots of options. Everything came out quickly.After two days of enduring horrendous hotel breakfast, we decided to venture out for a Monday morning meal. Google's \"busy times\" told me that early mornings were slower than late mornings, so we got there at around 8:45 and only had two other parties in front of us. It amounted to a less than 5-minute wait. The restaurant is set up as one big, open room, with booths/tables running along the sides and lots of tables in the middle. Our party of three was seated in the middle. There's not a whole lot in terms of decoration, except some pancake-related art...and what looked like an amateur painting of a whale(?). Our server was friendly and really on the ball. We didn't have much conversation with her, because she was busy, but that's fine. She took our order quickly, got our food to the table quickly, and made sure to check-in with us once we had a few bites in. There is a lot of variety on the menu. Pancakes (of all kinds, duh), omelets, waffles, hash browns, french toast. I also love that they have \"meals\" that include a few different items (eggs, pancakes, and toast or sausage, eggs, and pancakes, for example). I chose to order the Grill Cook's Medley, which includes a giant mound of hash browns (theirs are more potato chunk style) with ham and veggies, melted Swiss/American cheese, wheat toast, two eggs cooked any way you want (I do sunny-side up), and two pancakes. It ordinarily comes with regular buttermilk pancakes, but I chose to substitute with sweet potato pancakes. For the price ($14) it was a lot of food and VERY filling. The pancakes were fluffy and I loved the sweet potato flavor. The eggs were perfectly yolky, which was awesome over the hash browns. I also got a taste of my boyfriend's chocolate chip pancakes. If you love your pancakes with extra chocolate chips, these are the ones to order. They're topped with SO MUCH CHOCOLATE. For me, it was almost too much, but the other person at our table who ordered them, loved it. We also got orange juice. I'm not sure if it's fresh-squeezed, but it tasted fresh and had just a minimal amount of pulp. I don't know if I'd wait in an hour-long line for this place, but it was definitely satisfying."}, {"review_id": "YTN2-HR54xduvYKZxDzK9g", "user_id": "mLWzqc-d2x0Hp5r34ZeF5A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "Service was great we went at 12pm on Monday though. Wait was about 10mins, they have coffee for customers waiting :)Ordered the buttermilk pancakes and turkey bacon wrap. Both delicious!Our server Autum was great and super friendly."}, {"review_id": "gNd3xvK6Lo4C5lAZBhn6rQ", "user_id": "FXnHfE2PNKnc9zvkKkwDdQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "So I go to a Pancake house and order an omelette. First let's back up. This place is all the rave over Nashville. It was hyped, so I was hyped. The line stretched a half block but moved quickly.  We were seated in about 30 mins. The place is nostalgic, with simple German style decor. The staff uber friendly. They had over 21 different pancakes to choose from. But, none gluten free. So the disappointment sat in. I was already swollen from running 1/2 Marathon in Nashville so I couldn't add insult to injury by eating a gluten filled pancake. Thus my review is on their omelette NOT their famous pancakes. I ordered the make your own omelette with five ingredients, onions, bacon, sausage, jalapeños, and goat cheese. It came out deconstructed. I didn't expect a deconstructed omelette, the eggs were neatly folded underneath the strips of bacon, broken sausage patty, onions, jalapeños and goat cheese. It was tasty but not at all a traditional omelette.  So note to self, when going to a pancake place order pancakes or don't go."}, {"review_id": "4jBCOO7hh14k9QL3sMpHVA", "user_id": "7YXyAvDu_LGGwUVkh0QHIA", "rating": 2.0, "date": "4/23/2018", "text": "Pancake Pantry ended up being over hyped and not able to deliver. Everyone said this place was amazing. The line was long - we ended up sitting at a table with some other people to get in quicker. Ordered original and sweet potato pancakes and neither were the best pancake we'd ever had - maybe not even top 5. Not sure if it was an off day for them, or if we really just didn't enjoy their pancakes as much as other places. Service was good."}, {"review_id": "dqI5zgEYzi--e6rr5s5vRQ", "user_id": "-DZcFYyLHWShzI6nCc-vNA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/28/2018", "text": "Uncommonly good Pancakes since 1961!?With over 20 varieties of scratch made pancakes and after hearing literally every local rave about this place, naturally.... I had to try it! Got in line at about noon and waited for about half hour before being seated but I PROMISE YOU, it's worth the wait! I couldn't decide between the French toast or the Georgia peach pancake. French toast was French bread sprinkled with powdered sugar and cinnamon, whipped butter with homemade maple syrup or/and cinnamon cream sugar. Georgia Peach pancake consisted of three rolled pancakes filled inside out with cooled sweet Georgia Peach compote and fresh peaches. Topped with powdered sugar and whipped cream.... Do you see the dilemma here?I asked the waitress which she preferred or which was the most popular. Her answer was do half and half! I was excited that this was an option. I did just that for the same price. I also ordered two side items: scrambled eggs and bacon. Let me tell you... the Georgia Peach Pancakes were Devine, but the French toast!!!!!!!! Man! Talk about the heavens opening up!! It was so good I will definitely be back before I end this trip in a few days! My boyfriend ordered the Reuben sandwich which was a pastrami sandwich with sauerkraut grilled and topped with melted Swiss cheese on rye. Served with thousand island dressing, chips and a small cucumber salsa. Had a bite, also amazing! Loved the cucumber salsa! The bf says it's the best Reuben he has ever had!!Service was also great! The atmosphere is family style. Hours of operation Monday-Friday 6am-3pm Saturday-Sunday 6am-4pm. Oh wait... the Hickory smoked bacon was also... you guessed it, AMAZING!!!!"}, {"review_id": "_M_NciUuht5cqqfDYki09g", "user_id": "cIGQM_1jWONp-LyAqOAG8Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "So many great reviews so you already know to come here, but can I just add... it is so good!  Tuesday morning, no line, not too busy, easy close parking and breakfast was perfect. I had the small potato pancakes, eggs and bacon combination, just what I wanted before getting on the road heading West. Something to try: add the cinnamon syrup to your coffee as the sweetener; we add cinnamon to our coffee regularly in Santa Fe, actually have in on the table in the good New Mexican restaurants.  Enjoy..."}, {"review_id": "uOdz5N8LDSbsNndqK0h1Gw", "user_id": "uyZF_j6FFgNW4CLe5UNdKg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/13/2018", "text": "Confession: I have lived here 11 years, and had never been to Pancake Pantry, until this morning.I'd heard of the legend. People talked about it at Belmont all the time - these spectacular pancakes with warm maple syrup, and lines that wrap around the corner for them, every morning. We finally went to see what everyone was talking about, and I gotta tell you - these pancakes are ridiculously good. I had studied the menu beforehand (I always do this, because #anxiety - I don't want to be rushed into a decision, okay!) and knew I wanted the sugar & spice pancakes. My husband is a breakfast purist, and ordered the eggs & bacon, which comes with three buttermilk pancakes.I didn't even get a picture of his dish. The waitress (who was very prompt & nice, but didn't hover, which I appreciated as I was stuffing my face with pancakes) put that plate full of sugar & spice beauty in front of me and I developed tunnel vision. Slather applesauce all over them and drown them in cinnamon cream syrup (you MUST try this syrup. DO IT). My only thought is that anyone who doesn't like this place, must have ordered the wrong thing, because omg. I saw angels when I ate these pancakes. My husband really loved the buttermilk pancakes, as well - said they were fluffy and delicious, and the warm maple syrup really pushed it over the edge for him.Also, we went on a Tuesday morning at about 8:30 am - zero line. No wait whatsoever. Woohoo!See you again SOOOOOON, Pancake Pantry!"}, {"review_id": "_AbCMOB95nGBVLGCaTMCzA", "user_id": "iYYosvJoLCF7T9R5wg85fw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/31/2018", "text": "Oh MY...........  This place is heaven.  The line was out the door on a Thursday morning at 9 am, but it moved so quick.  We were seated within 20 minutes.First, let me say that I am not a pancake person.  They had other items on the menu, such as omelets, egg & bacon, waffles, etc.  However, I knew that I NEEDED to try the infamous pancakes.The cool thing about this place is that they will let you mix and match any of their pancake plates.  I tried the Sugar & Spice, which was cinnamon, applesauce, cream and a yummy all spice creamy syrup stuff that was so good.  I could have just drank that lol.  I also tried the Pigs in a Blanket, which was sausage rolled up in a thin pancake, this was good as well.  Although, the Sugar & Spice stole the show.We also had to try the hash browns, they came out crispy but not burnt.  They were chunky rather than stringy hash browns.  They were probably the best hash browns that I have ever had.ICED COFFEE.  I don't know what they do, but their iced coffee, just plain coffee, tastes so good.  I added just a smidge of milk and this topped any chain coffee store .This place is so good that it made me pull up real estate in Nashville!  Wish I lived closer."}, {"review_id": "WmEJjEaG01jaUE7ElMSriA", "user_id": "x0aR3foBNYJimiEuwFp62A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "Good food, pretty fair prices & the pancakes are delish!! They have a great maple syrup and a cinnamon topping that they leave on the table for you. Coffee is good & service is super fast. The wait is reaaaaaal though. Be ready to wait outside (rain or shine)!!"}, {"review_id": "2bz9M5ZXdviuW-0S2xcWOQ", "user_id": "AhJatQHZ9O18sLkuUEKUFA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/17/2018", "text": "Super long line curling out the building on Saturday at 9:30am. We waited about 50 minutes. The sweet potato pancakes with cinnamon syrup are awesome! Super fluffy, lightly sweet. Just a great pancake. Ordered hash browns and country ham to help cut the sweetness of the pancakes. The hash browns are weird. They are just diced potatoes with a minimally crisp crust on top. Extremely under seasoned, and needed ketchup and hot sauce. The country ham was a bit tough and extremely salty. It was tasty and did help cut the sweetness of the pancake and the plainness of the hash browns."}, {"review_id": "nqLgTtI7y8YUAPNQ9m5kyw", "user_id": "kHnJFCQIvFf1anlIxBMNHQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/5/2018", "text": "Brunch here was the perfect start to my day in Nashville! Instead of making a reservation, you have to wait on a line to get in, so we went on a Monday early afternoon, and the wait wasn't bad at all. \"The Medley\" is a dish of hash browns, eggs, peppers, onions, and cheese served with a side of their signature pancakes. It was a great bang for our buck, and we were all stuffed when we left. The pancakes were fluffy and perfectly cooked. Even the butter and syrup served with the pancakes were noticeably high quality, fresh, and delicious. This was a great find - reasonably priced, good service, and fantastic food! Highly recommend!"}, {"review_id": "D6SjPfWlRT2sjgH30XOZuw", "user_id": "vJgCGGRqx5KLNXykYXwvAA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/5/2018", "text": "Pancake Pantry offers a fantastic Nashville brunch experience. Great value for fair prices. My friends and I went to Pancake Pantry on Monday morning. There was a small line out the door, but it moved very efficiently. I ordered the medley with sweet potato pancakes. Amazing meal and generous portion sizes! I highly recommend trying this combo. I ordered a cup of coffee for a little over $2 and was happily surprised by the ~free~ refills. The waitress was kind and the employees were friendly. This is a great value restaurant with delicious food. A must-visit in Nashville."}, {"review_id": "V7CMlF1a1bT39WHStgU2zQ", "user_id": "ux_59WXah6yKqg9qqSxIWQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "Took an Uber here right after we landed in Nashville! We waited on a line for a pretty long time, but we had time to kill so we didn't care. I got the chocolate sin crepes, while my friend had pigs in a blanket. We also shared a side of home fries (perfect!). You really can't go wrong with this place!"}, {"review_id": "qbjI_VMI6dHZ9ASTOhNBzg", "user_id": "pa1KygDizOrzYIT0z9M07w", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/16/2018", "text": "3 Days here, been here twice. Incredible pancakes. We got the buckwheat pancakes the first time (most gluten free option). Very delicious. Would highly recommend. The second time, we got the banana batter pancakes with pecans, the sweet potato pancakes, and cornbread pancakes. Of all these, the sweet potato was best but the buckwheat ones were the best. The sweet potato and banana were too sugary for my taste. Two stars down because the eggs were very eh and the line was REALLY long, expect to wait. We waited over an hour to get in. AND ON TOP OF THAT we waited another 50 minutes to get our food."}, {"review_id": "VIU3rRggrxWYyU190l6prQ", "user_id": "xEW-7mV1xCE2e7a4FSoLpg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/23/2018", "text": "This was good, I just think there are better breakfast places out there. I gave it a 3, but a 4 star rating seems pretty accurate too. Know that there is a long line but it does move fast. I recommend the raspberry pancakes and the homemade hash browns. Again it was a good meal, we had a nice time, but if you're visiting just for a few days, try somewhere else."}, {"review_id": "U1n8C8NMP7gHOymiBw6SMw", "user_id": "OyAfSC4KjjlsT0AorOySqg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/10/2017", "text": "If you go to Nashville this place is an absolute MUST.  Hands down the best pancakes I have had in my entire life.  The service was also fantastic and felt like a very hometown feel.  My one warning is that you are going to wait in line, most likely outside, and if you go in the Winter time it will be cold.  We ended up line on a weekday morning around 9am and ended up waiting about an hour outside, and it was cold so make sure to dress warmly.  It was 100% worth the wait for us.  Even those in our group that didn't like breakfast were converted!Now their most famous pancakes are the sweet potato pancakes. With this you get five real sweet potatoes in fluffy batter to make it their most unique pancake. It is sprinkled with powdered sugar and cinnamon and they also have cinnamon cream syrup. Two people in our group got this and both were huge fans. I was not a fan of sweet potatoes so I chose the Sugar and Spice Pancakes which were five tender pancakes made from a special cinnamon and spice batter, sprinkled with powdered sugar and cinnamon and served with applesauce, butter, and hot maple and cinnamon cream syrup. These pancakes were amazing, I have never had such flavorful pancakes in my life. We had one member in our group that was not crazy about Pancakes and chose the bacon and eggs which gave you hickory smoked bacon, two eggs, and three buttermilk pancakes. Don't miss out on this Nashville must see!"}, {"review_id": "CCEVFPazeQ0XzeSIdmZh5g", "user_id": "Dij2J8RjZtGNikvdJD1cPg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/23/2018", "text": "Charming breakfast spot near Vanderbilt. As Eastern time-ers, we were up early on Sunday morning and wandered down to Pancake Pantry. We were greeted warmly and seated quickly. Waters and coffee delivered fast from our friendly server. I had the Santa Fe Cornmeal Pancakes - very unique and now my favorite breakfast dish (I prefer savory over sweet). Fiancé had a combo of Lemon Apricot and Georgia Peach pancakes. She reported that the Lemon Apricot were much better than the Georgia Peach. I sampled and agreed - their whipped cream is to die for! She also had scrambled eggs, which were good. This place can please everyone...you don't have to be in the mood for a sweet breakfast to enjoy Pancake Pantry. Four stars only because 2 Pancake orders, scrambled eggs and coffee for $30 seemed a little high, but it's Nashville, which I refer to as Cashville. Go!"}, {"review_id": "P10_nDQlK9hOSOpjq0a_jg", "user_id": "0BRjFcjAyo4SJEZ89wA2mg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/18/2017", "text": "Grill Cook's Medley was delicious, though salty. The waitress kept our water and coffee full despite a packed restaurant.The line was out the door by the time we arrived around 8:30am, but we only waited for about 15 mins. I especially like the coffee cart outside."}, {"review_id": "61QEo4CDEaT-juYZeTeG8w", "user_id": "kAu-TSdgO00C0euQ8ybfhA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/20/2017", "text": "So many choices for pancakes!!!  but please stop calling crepes pancakes its annoying.  I had the sugar and spice pancakes which are basically pie spices pancakes.  The cinnamon whipped sypru was awesome, the pancakes, which you get 5 arent huge so you could eat them all if you were hungry enough.  the only thing i didnt like about the pancakes is the flour had a slightly gritty quality to it that i didnt love but the flavor was definitely on point.i also got a side of ham and it was so delicious.  im glad i changed my mind last second and didnt get the sausage, this ham was almost like christmas ham YUMMY!!!  Luckily i came during the weekday so there was no wait to get a table and the parking lot behind the restaurant has free parking for 1 1/2 hours which was definitely a nice bonus."}, {"review_id": "1EliCvwNWiPfjxivA6Ckow", "user_id": "Fq6NbtHCstZcKAEqOMEaqg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/20/2018", "text": "The pancake pantry is tasty, but like most line-out-the-door breakfast establishments in Nashville, it is over hyped.We showed up at 9AM on a Sunday, and we we're standing in line for 1 hour before we were seated. I don't understand why so many Nashville restaurants don't use a wait list. (Biscuit love, pancake pantry, Hattie B's to name a few) Instead, they want you to wait in line while standing on the pavement for hours.Anyway, the food was pretty good, but nothing too special. I ordered the 'grill cooks medley with two butter milk pancakes' and substituted the sugar and spice pancakes for the buttermilk.The sugar and spice  pancakes we're delicious. They have a cinnamon flavor, and they come with a small side of apple sauce and whipped to spread on them. They also come with their own syrup concoction. When it's all mixed together it has a nice apple cinnamon flavor. They were cooked well, with a crisp exterior and not too doughy on the inside.The 'medley' was a skillet with hash browns, stringy ham, green peppers, cheese and two eggs. First, I like to order my eggs basted, and they got a plus from me for knowing how to do that. However, the hash browns and ham weren't crispy enough. It was not bad, but it ended up being kind of bland and a little mushy.I'd give them a 3.5 stars if I could, but can't really justify giving them a 4. They are good, but a little pricy, and certainly not worth the hour long experience standing on the pavement."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/pancake-pantry-nashville?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]