[[{"review_id": "jQGw6WsLsNiMKvGGZp8NsQ", "user_id": "m1IHjinBULNRKLPxFfoGiA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "I'm just gonna go ahead and say that the best part about this place is the patio. When they ask you where you wanna sit, definitely try to sit outside because it feels homey. I told them I didn't mind where we sat, but having taken a peek outside it's definitely better.Burgers were okay, but there was nothing spectacular about them. Not too pricy, very casual. Not the best burger I've ever had by far, but a fine place for a bite."}, {"review_id": "8DXsSnRyRGmFRjmsXKKjHA", "user_id": "21wkkMppjxxLUS9xF9E5FQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Was in town to see Wicked at TPAT and my friends and I wanted to get something to eat. Looked on Yelp and found this place and it's good reviews. Also they had the option to be put on the wait list before we got there. When we walked in and I said we were on the wait list, the hostess even said my name and said it would just be a little bit. Our table was ready for us probably about 5-10 minutes after arriving. Nice. This was Easter Sunday and the place was very busy, so this was a great way to get a table without waiting for a long time. If you have the option to use this feature, I suggest you do.Anyway, the menu features several burgers and sandwiches. Also, lots of  Housemade sodas, which is maybe why it's called The Pharmacy. I ordered the orange cream soda, and it was delicious. Like a 50/50 bar. So yummy!For my entree, I ordered the make it your way burger. I ordered a over-easy egg on it, in addition to other things. There's nothing better than an egg with its' golden yolk running over the burger. Alas, I didn't get that experience. My egg was over-hard. No runny yolk. Sad face. I did show that to our server and she did take the egg off the bill. For my side I had the corn salad, with corn and black beans. It was tasty. I tasted my friend's french fries and they were really good too.Even though the place was really busy, our server did a good job keeping an eye on us.I'd definitely give this place another try."}, {"review_id": "Qf9VTaGfRMpyPbfwGs1bJg", "user_id": "cCwbXgYP74GEWDWLVkt2rQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "We really enjoyed this place for a number of reasons but we also had a few mishaps. I've heard a lot of positive things, so we decided to give it a try. First off, the building was difficult to locate, along with parking. Between Mas Tacos across the street and this place, parking is very limited. Not really the establishments fault considering the area, just a heads up. Before coming here, I would recommend checking in on the yelp app. That saved us a lot of waiting time because there probably will be a wait. I honestly felt like the hostesses were more interested in being on their phones than engaging with customers. First downside. We were sat. It took our server about 10 minutes to acknowledge us. By time she greeted us, we were already ready to order and had skimmed over the extensive beer list. As far as the burgers we ordered, they were great! The price was decent as well. We got the farm burgers. They were pretty good, just too dry for our taste. Mine was covered with the mustard maple sauce on the very top of the burger.. it was very unpleasant. Some of the sweet potato fries were overdone. But the ones that  weren't were tasty. Overall, we really enjoyed it! For 25$ two people can eat a decent meal and leave completely full. Give it a try. The little issues we had today are easily fixable. Definitely worth a try."}, {"review_id": "BFBO1dOQgH1GSnfREJJY4g", "user_id": "vsYzJgUK6QV9m0bexiV2aQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "I'll start with the need to prep before you arrive.  Use the no wait app or the yelp app to get \"in line\", otherwise, your wait could be up to an hour. Parking is tricky, unless you get lucky. There is limited parking near the restaurant, so street parking may be your only option. Upon first entering the restaurant I was unpleasantly greeted by what seemed to be a very tired and irritated hostess. The restaraunt was busy, however first impressions mean so much, and with this being my first experience, I was already put off a bit. When we were seated at our outside table, man on man, I was so pleased with the decor! It was a beautiful day, everyone was having such a nice time, there were beautiful plants strategically placed, very relaxing!The meal itself. I ordered the Pharmacy burger. I expected did much more from a burger restaraunt. Outside of the mustard, not even the meat had flavor! I was pretty surprised about how bland it was. The fries on the other hand.... PERFECTION!!! It's been awhile since I've enjoyed fries so much. So truly, the fries and the decor are what prompted me to give 4 stars. If I only had the burger and the interactions with the staff (including my waitress), I'm thinking 3 stars at best would have been my rating."}, {"review_id": "mC4Z3_ILbPauwTf-g4-hxA", "user_id": "EePVTNTKFqIPyFHpGHQ02A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "Super popular/ trendy burger joint over in East Nashville. I really do love this place though! It's a perfect place to try when the weather is nice! They have an awesome bier garden out back with lots of picnic style tables! However, this place can get REALLY busy on nice days/ the weekends. I suggest using the no wait app to reserve a spot ahead of time! However, they will not seat you without your whole party being there. They serve burgers, brats/ sausages, beer, milkshakes and \"old fashioned\" sodas. The burger selection is creative and the buns are fresh, soft & delicious! My favorite burger is the stroganoff burger- it's topped with mushrooms, Swiss cheese and sour cream  and my favorite side is their tator totes dipped in the curry ketchup! The fries & potato salad are also very good. I also really enjoy that they have a great selection of rotating local, craft & German beers!"}, {"review_id": "H_QfQ0SUCF2MwklrimIq3w", "user_id": "mYJW4-M4tcRygSwdT3A6Ww", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/19/2018", "text": "It's super trendy without the craziness of being downtown. I loved the pharmacy! They do not take reservations, but they do use the no wait app which is what we did. The rain ruined our plans of sitting outside, but that didn't ruin our experience that's for sure. If you are wanting to sit outside they do have heaters for those colder nights. Which is a good thing to know. There isn't much parking, so be warned of that. I wouldn't come here with a big group unless you planned on eating outside in the beirgarten; the inside is pretty cozy with not a whole lot of room. I knew I wanted the farm burger and tots. Whoever invented eggs on burgers is my savior. The burger also came with applewood smoked bacon, maple mustard and instead of the ham, I swapped it for Swiss cheese. The buns are definitely homemade and very light and fresh. The size of the patty was about the same size as the bun which is ideal and appreciated. The tots were cooked to perfection, a little crispy on the outside and yet still tender on the inside. The pharmacy is serving up some solid burgers and I walked away happy. Would I say it was the best burger in Nashville? No, but it was definitely quality meat and tasty. I would love to check out the beirgarten during my next visit to Nashville!"}, {"review_id": "IZsMzLPcAqU1K6m03uZwUQ", "user_id": "bEGLhmfZB3wgVZcn9Aswwg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/9/2018", "text": "The burgers really do live up to the hype here! Expect a wait. I put our name in on the yelp app and it quoted 20-30 minutes of a wait on a Sunday night around 6. We got there in 20 minutes and waited another 20 to be seated. There's a few parking spots  in a lot right before the restaurant so try to snag one if you can. Once seated, service was quick and we ordered our food right away. I ordered the farm burger but made some changes because:1. I personally don't need ham, bacon, and burger meat all on one sandwich. 2. If it's going to be a burger, it better have cheese on it and this one doesn't. 3. Not a huge fan of maple flavor, so wanted to change the mustard. I changed the maple mustard to horseradish mustard and 86'ed the ham in favor of some cheese. These changes were awesome and the burger was by far one of the best I've had. I just find it irritating that they still charge you additional to make changes- 50 cents just to replace the mustard type, and 1 dollar to add cheese even though ham was 2 bucks and I didn't get any. It's not a big deal in terms of the actual cost, but it just seemed unnecessary. Either way, the burger was great and the tots were also crispy and delicious. Get a side of beer cheese to dip them in and you won't regret it. The hubs also enjoyed his rather boring but classic pharmacy burger with fries and happily dipped into the beer cheese as well. Definitely would come back next time we're in the area!"}, {"review_id": "ea3EeNpRcgdETQzmNf4cMg", "user_id": "PPj0Qvow7XMBCEi6dFC1tA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/9/2018", "text": "This place has a great vibe. We sat outside in the beer garden. Gorgeous. My only critique is that the seats were not very comfortable. Our server was very friendly and our drinks and food came out promptly. The burgers were huge and delicious (though the fish burger was a bit thin). The sausage looked really good too though we did not try it. Overall a fun casual place that we would love to return to."}, {"review_id": "ULxWeY8l5v-mJoVNLdL4yA", "user_id": "-DZcFYyLHWShzI6nCc-vNA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/28/2018", "text": "Located across the street from Mas Tacos (another Nashville favorite) you will find The Pharmacy. Always wanted to try The Pharmacy and I am so glad I did! This place was pretty busy when we went in Tuesday evening but definitely worth the wait. (15 mins) I decided to go with the Pharmacy burger with Tater tots. I got everything on it and added bacon. This burger was very good! Cooked to a medium well and very juicy. I also had a chance to try the fries, also very tasty. I decided to not have beer and instead opted for a glass of Pinot Gris. (Only serve beer and wine) The restaurant is on the smaller side. You will sit very close to the people next to you. Has a family like atmosphere. With a hipster feel. Hours of operation are as follows Sunday-Thursday 11am-10pm Saturday-Sunday 11am-11pmWhen you are in the Nashville area you will definitely want to check this place out if you are in the mood for a good burger and a beer."}, {"review_id": "TnMRRAds4RokHnAL79g7kA", "user_id": "ZklRiCiGow2PuN95Q6_v2A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/28/2018", "text": "As a pharmacist, I feel like I always have to go here when in Nashville. Their burgers are amazing! And I love that they have sweet potato fries as a side option. The service is pretty quick once you're seated. There is always a wait but nice that they have the option to get on the waitlist through yelp and other apps. Also, if you're early you can always get a beer out in the beer garden. If you're going at a \"normal\" meal time, expect a wait but definitely worth the wait. This time here I also tried a shake- very delicious! Gone before my meal came out. I like the indoor, patio, and outdoor seating options as well. The atmosphere is fun and the staff have always been nice. They also have homemade sodas (aka phosphates) - havent tried these yet but the server said they're good. Variety of flavors available as well."}, {"review_id": "rpryXkNbYWNi5rLzelS79g", "user_id": "G1WtcPD-okGJ5ZW5NLxm3g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "Great big ole burgers, crispy tater tots, unique libations and sodas, and a good selection of beer. On a sunny day, the Biergarten is where it's at!! I can see this sorta place fitting right in the Portland, Oregon food scene. And it's an easy place to go with a group of people or your family. Everyone thoroughly enjoyed the food. The standouts: the Farm Burger, the dry hard Apple cider with Pinot Grigio in a can, and the Strawberry basil soda. The kids loved the creamsicle drinks, sweet tea, chicken tenders, cheeseburger, and grilled cheese."}, {"review_id": "aZO6sqUyxhp6wtdTinee9Q", "user_id": "i8rupuS8DYneF50nhzvtLw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/17/2018", "text": "The Pharmacy came highly recommended to my partner and I during our weekend trip to Nashville, and it did not disappoint.The wait was a bit long, but having the beer garden double as a waiting area made the time fly. The ambience was perfect for a warm spring day.I ordered the Pharmacy Cream Soda and did a \"build-your-own\" burger option. The turkey burger patty was one of the best I've ever had, and the sweet potato fries were as fresh as they come. (You could see and taste the skin, which in my experience, is uncommon for sweet potato fries.) My partner loved the Pharmacy Burger and also raved about his root beer float.If you find yourself in East Nashville, definitely check out this one-of-a-kind burger parlor!"}, {"review_id": "jTSv7IApBcvWCF0SwTGzpA", "user_id": "wod4nYLpZR60Ap5k0D2_iQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/19/2018", "text": "We had friends visiting from out of town and needed a place to visit that was not in the downtown/touristy area.  I had been seeing The Pharmacy pop up on past Yelp searches, so I suggested that we try it.When our Uber pulled up outside the restaurant, I almost turned around.  There were so many people standing around outside.  I got in what I thought was a line.  Luckily my fiance was smart and actually went inside and put our name on a list.  Yeah, I would still be standing in that line if he had not done that.We tried to get a drink at the inside bar but it was pretty full but then we saw a sign that said something about an outdoor bar.  So glad we went outside.  There is way more seating outside than in and there is a cute little bar in the back corner where it is first-come, first-served for seating.  We opted to sit out there by the back bar instead of waiting an hour for a table in the main restaurant or beer garden.The Pharmacy is a beer and wine-only restaurant.  The back garden bar serves a limited selection of beer and wine, however, if you order food off the menu, they will run out any beverage you want from the regular menu.My friend and I split a bottle of the rose and it was delicious.  Semi-sparkling so there was just a little fizz with it.  They have a pretty extensive beer list, so the boys were happy.  Our bartender was really good--very attentive even though he was super busy, and just on top of things.  Food.  I was going to order a chicken sandwich, but my friend pointed out that if you are at a burger restaurant, you have to get a burger.  Good point.  I went with The Pharmacy Burger and a side of tater tots.  It took a while for our food to come out, so I was starving by the time I saw a server headed my way with our food.The caption for my picture is \"Tater Tots with a side of a Hamburger.\"  It really was a comical amount of tater tots.  A mountain of tater tots with my burger.  The tots were good.  The burger was good--lots of flavor.  The only thing I would have changed was to toast the bun.  The bun was cold/room temp and just...a bun.  Overall, a really good stop.  I'll be back!"}, {"review_id": "YZZ5xXcB6Xyf1HXpLjAXBg", "user_id": "uM-BNmA2LKc3VqdhlBOAEw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "Loved the huge outdoor patio space, great food and beer menu options! Came by for an early dinner on a Friday and had no problem getting seated outside. We were seated next to a family with a small child, which was ok because he was really cute and well behaved...but keep in mind if there's just 2-3 of you, you'll likely be sharing a table. We ordered a special BBQ burger with sweet potato fries and the chili burger with some extra toppings and fries, plus a side of black bean and corn salad. Burgers were great! I like my sweet potato fries crispier and found these to be kind of soggy. Regular fries were pretty good and black bean and corn salad was pretty much just that, nothing to write home about. Be warned: they will charge you for substitutions - i.e. your burger comes with provolone cheese but you want Swiss instead. Pretty absurd if you ask me, not to mention it doesn't say that anywhere on the menu."}, {"review_id": "mzHpISiv3PGVgoceFQAszA", "user_id": "SHf9WBIGsJqct_7fMSYupg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "Absolutely chuffed about this place!  Great service, awesome black bean burger, great atmosphere, and great prices! My friends and I were visiting Nashville and had heard great things about The Pharmacy.  We pulled up to what appeared to be a very unimpressive exterior and were impressed when we walked in a found a large beer garden.  It was a perfect day to sit outside on the picnic tables.   We appreciated the selection of local beer, the vegetarian options, and that we each spent less than $20--including beer!  Definitely plan to return on my next trip to Nash Vegas."}, {"review_id": "cCCniFgkYOgKvWgsBvvYGQ", "user_id": "ouBBPw3u_ALDVg2BIZ7rrA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/26/2018", "text": "This place is worth the street parking and wait. We sat outside & the table had some bird leavings but it was nice out other than that. We all ordered a different soda to try each. I can't remember what my friends had but I ordered the root beer float and it was amazing! I had a grilled chicken sandwich and their potato salad is a must try. Friends ordered fries & they were perfectly cooked, as well. The prices are worth what you get.. my pesto chicken sandwich with potato salad was only $10. The beverages will get you quick though so order mindfully. A float is $5 and a good deal for quality, amount, etc. Just don't chug as sodas are not free refills."}, {"review_id": "7tmi0DzhhrDe6rahCGGMhw", "user_id": "2XgvN35TRQdFsYV0njVM6A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/28/2018", "text": "Man, so on our last day of Nashville we had these burgers but we SHOULD have done this the FIRST night.  These were burgers were amazing, the bread and just the ingredients used were dope.They made their own soda which was really really cool and they had this cool wine labels that moved or something with a hologram, forgot what it was called.I got the normal Pharm burger which was pretty good, although my buddies got some more interesting stuff (Nashville destroyed my stomach).  what I shoulda got was those chili tater tots, damn those were SO GOOODDDDD.  If I could eat those everyday without getting fat, I sure would.  If you are ever in Nashville, def check this place out.  I really liked the inside of the venue, it was small, but not too small, nice but not too nice and it didn't smell like burgers at all, like how In-&-Out or Five Guys would. Job well done.Also, BTW, the sides were good too, I got the german potato salad which wasn't too bad. ok, done."}, {"review_id": "WQRdtJAD-0ELxCqTZ5Xisw", "user_id": "TSyOOoUIC4KHDOLBGse1aw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "Super packed, but i checked in early using yelp (love that feature). However, we ended up sitting at the bar when two spots opened up. Our burgers arrived SO fast. I think we commented on that at least twice. I ordered the stroganoff burger and the gravy was bland (my husband disagreed). Husband ordered the Farm burger and I had orderer's remorse. His was much better! loved both the French fries and the tater tots. They had a great tap list of craft beer, which is always appreciated. It was raining so we didn't get to enjoy the outdoor beer garden. Our bartenders were FANTASTIC. One guy (I wish I knew his name) saw us giving him strange looks as we watched him concoct a rosé milkshake. He gave us a small taste without even saying a word AND IT WAS DELICIOUS?! so impressed. Well done!"}, {"review_id": "pciev8mocHZ3Nh5-wV9BpA", "user_id": "FsLHspoG9dOTarpajn9ubg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "Visiting a friend in town who recommended \"the pharmacy burger\". Pleasantly surprised to find out it was also a Biergarten with a sausage selection to boot! The outdoor area looked great, although we didn't take advantage on this cool, rainy day. We got the Farm burger with sweet potato fries and the Bratwurst with German potato salad. The burger was perfectly cooked yummy treat (I'm a sucker for a fried egg on a burger). The sweet potato fries were just okay. They were basically black in color from being well done/charred/double fried but had good flavor, just not what one typically suspects from a sweet potato fry. The brat was topped with sauerkraut and we got beer mustard and spicy mustard on the side. It was a good sausage and kraut, nothing spectacular. The German potato salad, however, was AMAZING! The best thing we had there. It had a creamy gravy-like quality, not the typical tart vinegary German potato salad!"}, {"review_id": "e0X_VG70a0b-3tGsLCbOLw", "user_id": "5ilF5n5fuJGm96kA6i_4Iw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/3/2018", "text": "Quick Take: Great Burgers, tasty fries, drinks were good, very packed atmosphereReview: The restaurant was very good but be prepared to wait unless you can get there very early. You are allowed to call ahead only 10 minutes before your arrival and your ENTIRE party has to be there before you can be seated so don't forget that. The burgers were very good and they did give you a good amount of fries. They drinks were also very good. Check out the menu at their website if you get the chance."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/the-pharmacy-nashville-3?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]