[[{"review_id": "WmDg-W8FUUJK6UnqaRGrWA", "user_id": "QlYuSjlWuph4XIfqCgw_7A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "I came here with my boyfriend and our non-vegan friend. And in a nutshell , we enjoyed everything we had. I'm rather skeptical about tempeh, I never liked it in sandwiches, but we decided to try a tempeh appetizer with vegan ranch and buffalo sauce, and it was so so good! All three of us were ecstatic about it. Nope, it's not wings, but it doesn't need to be, it's good as its own dish.We also had two Phillies, which were good but I'd ask for more veggies and less seitan next time, and a ranch on the side  The lemon-berry cake we had was also a win - lemon gave it a fresh twist and it didn't taste too sugary, which is usually my problem with cakes. On the last note, our non-vegan friend said that he'll go out of his way to go to the Wild Cow whenever he would come to Nashville."}, {"review_id": "CdpQ6FTYQZxbkNBw3uRFUw", "user_id": "kwcZaFdfZlGiFfeDxvuyNw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "When I first booked my trip to Nashville a few months ago I started Yelping vegan and vegan friendly restaurants.  Thankfully the friend I was traveling with also eats plant based, however she is not as strict as I am.  The Wild Cow was the first place that came up. I was excited that it was just a short Uber ride from our hotel.  Food:  we both had the bowls. I had beans & greens. I added portobello mushrooms ($2) and avocado (.75) to the top and for some extra vegan garlic aioli. Amazing!  My friend had the east west bowl and that was also very tasty. We started with sides. They have smaller sides and larger sides for $3.50 and & $4.50.  If you want to have a few apps but have never been there, this was the perfect way to try. We had the spinach & artichoke dip with chips (small side) and the hummus with chips (snack).  I wasn't loving the hummus, but the spinach dip was awesome. We also had a chocolate chocolate cup cake for dessert.  It was okay. The frosting had a coconuty flavors and the cake was a little dry...don't get me wrong we ate it all and it was pretty good. This place was small. They use iPads to take your order and payment.  I like that as my card is always in view.While waiting for our Uber we watched as they were making the cashew cream or something else with a lot of cashews. Kitchen in full view rocks as you can see that they are clean!I was afraid I would be disappointed, but I was not!  Looking forward to eating there again and also trying their sister restaurant Graze."}, {"review_id": "T4h5QVvcWvk6UqfjEurmpg", "user_id": "ogqhDgmRa48Cuo3K3MteHQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "What a treat!  My husband, daughter and I made an impromptu weekend stay in Nashville after taking a friend to the airport.  Looking on yelp for local vegan options for lunch, The Wild Cow was at the top of the list.We loved everything about this place; laid back vibe, friendly staff and fellow customers, and great food!  We always appreciate vegan spots that don't saturate their dishes with soy-laced tofu and processed meat alternatives.  Listen to the reviews and try the artichoke spinach dip and the queso; both were very good!  My husband is not normally a fan of artichoke, but he was scraping the bowl clean with every piece of tortilla chip.  The veggie burger was good, and the buffalo tempeh sandwich was my fav.  My daughter loved the mashed sweet potatoes.  Our waiter was so sweet to gift her a banana cream cupcake in celebration of her 1st birthday; she devoured it!  We'll definitely make a return visit anytime we are in the Nashville area!"}, {"review_id": "TY4AZGvLXEk03k6vzeeY-w", "user_id": "FsiJwyn6Gi98HgDzPb12hQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/9/2018", "text": "OK, I am a MEAT guy.  When my wife suggested the Wild Cow, I was excited and expected to have myself a big steak.  When we arrived, my wifelet informed me that it was a meatless bistro.  I was not pleased.  She tricked me because she wanted to try this place.  I had tried a couple of these places before (at her request) and I thought the food was bland and tasteless.  Well, after I stopped grumbling and we were seated, I was still highly skeptical.  My attitude began to change after our first appetizer.  Everything was bursting with flavor and not only did I eat the food but I ate my words too.  Everything we had at the Wild Cow was very good.  The service was great and I would actually go back.  Yikes!  I never thought I would say that about a vegan joint.  Try it.  It will surprise you."}, {"review_id": "00gOaPaZMnwC7eKURGsbQw", "user_id": "WKbM_C5rxlbvs8EgCkj71w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "So good I had to come back for more! Took some Nachos and a Chipotle & Black Bean Burrito to go yesterday and today I'm back for another. Highly recommend vegetarian/vegan eats. The queso comes from Chicago soy Company, but apparently is soy free and it's amazing! Paired my meal with an APA from Jakalope, a Nashville brewery, and I'm a very, very happy boy!!"}, {"review_id": "PLR5Q0kKG60x0JzA6zdV5w", "user_id": "EKOpbcPQEP2Kwax8fKrJVg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/27/2018", "text": "Move over meat....plant-based protein dishes can be delicious! For all the non believing carnivores out there let me tell you about a little place called Wild Cow. Please take me seriously cuz I'm NOT vegan or vegetarian. I just like tasty food and have an open mind. Located in trendy East Nashville this restaurant is easily missed if you're driving the speed limit, which nobody does in this town... I've tried the tacos, the Philly cheesesteak, and the nachos. They've also got 2 or 3 different flavored ice teas and a bunch of bottled Kombucha tea for all you mushroom people. The Philly is on a pillowy soft hoagie roll. The \"meat\" is very close to the texture of actual meat so I was happy with that. My only dislike was the tang from the roll. It reminded me of a cross between rye and sourdough, which is wierd because I normally love both types of bread. The cashew cheese was also used a little too liberally, making the sandwich too cheesy...as if that's somehow possible...My favorite are the nachos. They have crunchy blue corn chips piled high with tomatoes, pinto beans, black beans, pickled red onion, and the aforementioned cashew cheese sauce. I swear to you I dream of these nachos. They've got so much great flavor going on I'd rather eat these than traditional nachos. I know...it sounds almost unbelievable. But, it's true! And they'll easily feed two people.Do yourself a favor and go try the nachos. The restaurant only seats about 25 people so be prepared to wait a little while during peak times."}, {"review_id": "FPQ8YPm22sWS3X33uDJtSw", "user_id": "5TEMDRgkuhsunRqL3PEv2A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "This place is amazing and fun! You can't go wrong with the food, there are options for everyone, including vegetarians and nonvegetarians alike! I eat here every time I come to town, because I know I am going to get good, healthy, solid, delicious food."}, {"review_id": "0fbUlGXaiY52qzVnRTJ1LQ", "user_id": "l9vj9gOPf3LNb2YakZ71uw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/17/2018", "text": "Holy wild cow. This place is amazing! I had the Buffalo Beans and Greens bowl and it was DELICIOUS. Honestly, I thought about it the rest of the day. The flavor combinations were some of the best I've tasted in a long, long time. Plus, that's a LOT of nutrition packed into a single bowl. Wow!My wife and I are vegetarians from Indianapolis, and don't have many restaurants to choose from where we can order everything on the menu. To visit a place like The Wild Cow and to be so incredibly blown away by what we ordered was a real treat. We will DEFINITELY visit again, and will absolutely recommend it to all of our friends."}, {"review_id": "CZZngOG34ZMnRvKxYTaRyQ", "user_id": "k9-ixq5thOj-KQX8V8D75Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/29/2017", "text": "A vegan diet definitely has its challenges but at Wild Cow I can rest assure that I am getting quality (organic/local) ingredients, fresh food with lots of flavor, and filling portions.  Wild Cow is a casual and quaint restaurant that is located on busy Eastland Ave. next to Jeni's Spendid Ice Cream. I'm not particularly needy in the vegetarian/vegan/raw food area but give me good ingredients & flavor and I am one happy girl.For starters I enjoy the Spinach Artichoke Dip, then I order my usual Tempeh Buffalo Grinder with a side of lentil bowl, last for dessert I indulge in one of their in-house made-daily Wild Cupcakes. All of that deliciousness without GMO's or DAIRY, and made fresh to order. For those living in the vicinity, working out at the Margaret Maddox YMCA, or shopping it will be easy to end up at Wild Cow once, twice, or more a month - and that's for people who aren't even vegetarian.  For those who adhere to a plant based diet it may be more often. Neverless, Wild Cow is one of my favorite restaurants and continues to exceed my expectations. Round of applause!!!!!!!!!!"}, {"review_id": "gmyzbrVqOe5pq8pu0p7KTQ", "user_id": "I0tp3rJvSR1EjPhxZPOpgg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/27/2018", "text": "The Wild Cow shines with its fun interior, incredibly friendly service, and delicious vegetarian, vegan, and gluten-free options that even a carnivore could love.Wild Cow serves plant-based dishes that are so flavorful that, as an omnivore, I don't even miss the meat. The menu here leans more toward casual and comfort food than its vegan sister around the corner. For casual food, my new favorite at Wild Cow is the Chickpea Salad; with so much flavor variety, it doesn't even need dressing. For comfort food, I dive into the Lentil bowl: a lentil stew with veggies and garlic aioli over brown rice. Their Philly and French Quarter Dip sandwiches, both with BE Hive seitan, are sure to please even the most vegetable-averse of meat eaters.The interior is bright and fun with photos of animals on the walls. Seating is limited and a little tight, but you can also order at the bar to go.There's a stereotype of snobbiness at vegan and vegetarian restaurants that does not apply to Wild Cow (or the sister restaurant) even one bit. The staff are patient, friendly, and welcoming and will answer any questions you have about the food. Wild Cow employs the kind of people who make you want to be there, and for that (and for the tasty food), I keep going back."}, {"review_id": "x3idKRZf8KxQpaLH5Gda-Q", "user_id": "TExj5cyhpYqe-zPKWGQaNA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/4/2017", "text": "I'm never disappointed in The Wild Cow. This is one restaurant that is on my \"Must-Eat\" list when I visit. The décor is very hipster so I don't fit in at all, but the staff and crowd do not make you feel uncomfortable. As a lonely party of one I got to sit at the bar. Well, it's not an actually bar as the 3 or 4 chairs either look into the kitchen or onto the street. Either way, I was happy to be seated quickly as they are always busy, and for good reason. My favorite meal is the Tempeh Buffalo Grinder. It is delicious with a nice barbecue taste that melts in your mouth. The many sides that I have had are very good so you can't go wrong. They even have daily specials so you can always count on something new and exciting. If you want a drink, which I didn't this visit, they do have beer and wine. They also have delicious-looking desserts, which I also don't have but have heard they are great. So, if you are vegan, vegetarian (they have dairy cheese), or vegan/vegetarian-curious, give The Wild Cow a try."}, {"review_id": "H-hgfbwqJWn95sxmn500bQ", "user_id": "F8o06z0Uw88wrNz9oMaSOg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/26/2018", "text": "Excellent vegetarian, vegan, and gluten-free restaurant!The staff is very helpful. If you have dietary concerns that go beyond veganism or whatever else, just inform your server and they will be happy to help you create a dish that will satisfy your taste buds and dietary requirements.I tried this restaurant for the first time with my entire family. All generations were able to find a dish that suited them. The kids loved the nachos, lentil stew, and the smoothies!I had the Buffalo Grinder with tofu instead of tempeh. What a great sandwich! You can make this dish gluten-free by having it as a salad instead of a sandwich. The buffalo sauce, vegan ranch, and pickles mingled perfectly to make this a tangy and delightful treat. The tofu was thick-sliced and cooked to perfection.I also tried the Philly. The seitan was cooked well, making a perfect imitation of the meat in a carnivorous Philly. The veggies and cheese really made the sandwich. I'm one who prefers sandwiches that are a bit overstuffed, and this one was not, so personally I would have liked more of the ingredients, but my personal preferences do not change the fact that this sandwich is outstanding. Try it with the pineapple coleslaw as a side. Your mind will be blown!Check out their menu online and look for the taco salad. So many delicious ingredients put together in perfect proportions made this an irresistible dish.In my opinion, it is impossible to go wrong with anything you order. Give this place a try and you will be happy that you did!"}, {"review_id": "B_KEu1P5ic8vgQNtxm582w", "user_id": "3fSa-GT_HLbgS8Ik0j-5Cg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/3/2018", "text": "If it was just based on the beans and greens, this place would be a 10. That dish is so good. Unfortunately the only other thing I've ordered here because I like the beans and greens so much is the sweet potato tacos. I was excited about them because I had heard good things and love sweet potatoes. Unfortunately, i was not impressed. The sweet potatoes were mashed and there wasn't anything on the taco to give it any type of texture other than mush. They had also put cinnamon in them, which I hate even on holidays (and why I didn't realize I liked sweet potatoes until later in life when I tried a fresh one). I've talked with a friend and he doesn't remember them being mashed. Maybe I was there on an off night or the person prepping used the wrong ingredients? I'm anxious to try other things here though; those tacos won't deter me!"}, {"review_id": "DcWRBgA7ecHO5061hb073Q", "user_id": "EeCRDju-lPgLEY2WwLmI0g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "10/11/2017", "text": "How yum. Literally just thinking about the meal I had from The Wild Cow is making my mouth water and my stomach rumble. This was the vegan restaurant I chose to stop at on my short visit to Nashville. I was hoping to get a table but since we were on the run and it was a Sunday (just a short wait time) I ordered take out. My meal of choice was the Buffalo Beans and Greens. So this is pretty much as it sounds... Pinto beans with brown rice and a nice and spicy buffalo sauce, sauteed kale, and a house made vegan ranch dressing... Yeah, I know. I also tried a peanut butter cookie (because why not?) and it was decent! Not the best cookie ever, but it was still satisfying. The best thing is that for the price you get an appropriate amount of food. I had lunch and dinner with that meal!The people here were kind and willing to help direct me to where to order my meal. The spacing is a bit tight inside the restaurant, but that makes it nice and cozy. There is also a small bar area to sit if you are by yourself and not wanting to sit alone at a table! The Wild Cow definitely hit the spot for my desire of a good, warm, plant-based meal."}, {"review_id": "-2E-OlXoerqplbuC48yJng", "user_id": "cbZSH1JBhyfbOh8HIq8UAQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/2/2018", "text": "I love meat, cheese, and anything deep fried. However, my sister insisted we try The Wild Cow because of the great reviews. We waited over an hour for our table, and each minute that passed my expectations grew higher and higher. I was surprised to see other people seemingly okay with this wait time, so I thought, \"well it better be good\". I am new to vegan/vegetarian restaurants, I had to google a lot of the items on the menu that I know everyone else but me probably knows, like \"tempeh\". That's how new all of this was to me. But WOW was I pleasantly surprised. It was worth the wait, and I would definitely eat here over and over. They have so many great sounding choices on their menu, it was hard to choose. But the OG Beans & Greens bowl was one of the best entrees I've ever had. I'm a now a huge fan!"}, {"review_id": "TTlIWcflnGuyofAnWH-BcQ", "user_id": "zIufhHmSo83J7fBs7z57mw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/8/2018", "text": "Another fantastic VEGAN spot in Nashville!  I brought a carnivore here, and even he was blown away.  We both had the French Dip and it was fantastic (I didn't want to have food envy)!  As an appetizer, we had the vegan queso, which was also great.  This is the kind of spot I wish I had back home close to me, as I would definitely be a regular.  I think I'm starting to understand why Johhny T. left Miami for Nashville.  Its because of all the great food.  We came in for a late lunch, and the place wasn't busy at all.  We had great service from our waiter, who was a transplant from S. Florida.  Overall amazing food and service, great concept and would definitely go back when I am in the area."}, {"review_id": "Zzduq2QSW_PTq6_a7WVuVQ", "user_id": "vwO493zSzzY4xClSbeJUvw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/3/2017", "text": "Wild Cow was a great find! I'm not vegan but the images on Yelp were convincing so we stopped in. Also Five Daughters Bakery and Jeni's Ice Cream was next door!! So all of that together we decided to visit.We had nachos as an app and it was DELICIOUS. I was hesitant to try the vegan queso but trust me there is no compromise in taste! It was a delicious entree and I probably should've just ordered it as my meal. Next up, I had the Taco Sampler which included _____. I loved the creativity and variety in tacos but I love the classic black beans and fresh salad. Each entree comes with a side, so I had the pineapple coleslaw which tasted very similar to coleslaw made w/ mayo. My brother had the Veggie Burger which looked beautiful with Artichoke Cheese Dip on the side. I had a bite and really like it!! Patty was made with beets/sweet potato/ black beans (non-GMO). The Lentil Bowl was ok..not a huge fan. I've had better ones in NYC. This bowl is straight up lentils in bed of brown rice drizzled with yogurt sauce. This spot is a bit pricey but their quality of food is fresh and service is very friendly as well. They have their in house hot sauces which are definitely worth trying! They serve beer and alcohol and a variety of teas/coffee/soft drinks."}, {"review_id": "p3kk9LbTsHNyodkO5bwOTQ", "user_id": "GqQLCJoAvcO4S5sAWAN5bg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "I have always loved the Wild Cow, I go there every time I visit Nashville. They went above and beyond for us this weekend. I was in town for a bachelorette party and we decided to go to the Wild Cow for dinner. The staff told us it would be a 30 minute wait and took my phone number to text me when the table was ready. We walked around and came back after 30 minutes, but the people sitting at the table we needed were lingering at the table after eating for far longer than is considerate for such a small/busy place. We had to hang around for an additional 30 minutes before we got seated. The wait staff was so kind, apologizing profusely for the wait, and offered us all free appetizers and desserts. We got the vegan nachos (my FAVORITE thing on the menu!) and some CBD brownies for everyone. If that wasn't a kind enough gesture on its own, they ALSO took 20% off of everyone's checks. I already loved this restaurant, but now I will be recommending even more highly than I was before. They take such good care of their customers!!! Thank you so much Wild Cow staff!"}, {"review_id": "99_94mYVl25FOymQ3lZHTQ", "user_id": "dfw2nB1C2Ldhr3-W4uyyRQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "This place is a gem! Spinach artichoke dip was incredible as are their beans. Amazing pastries as well. This is a must try whether you're vegan or not!"}, {"review_id": "lSNP1ImIxqdxLwU8NwlNFg", "user_id": "Al8dyLkVPJ6_-G5p7qMQxw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/1/2018", "text": "Had had had to give this place a try after seeing the great reviews on yelp, and after eating my way through this business trip in search of something not so heavy. My server convinced me to get the Buffalo Caesar Wrap (daily special) because It was the only day you could get It. PHENOMENAL. So tasty and full of flavor, nothing short of amazing. A little spicy, but just what I was in the mood for. Really happy I tried this place out and will remember It for the future."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/the-wild-cow-nashville-2?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]