[[{"review_id": "6tMakpsTEUvHJ2E1YmMKYg", "user_id": "u_INiRq27eUnufqjGSA0GQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Among the lists of \"Best BBQ in America\" lists I frequent, Pecan Lodge seems to always be included.  As I was in Dallas, I came to validate the legend.  The hype is legit! First of all, I had to stand in line for 45 minutes.  The line started close to outside the door.  Inside, there is the metal fence things like you would find on a ride at a theme park.  These metal fences separate you from the dining room.  Don't even think about claiming a table before ordering by the way.  There are notes everywhere that say a receipt is required for a table.  The dining room area and bar inside says max occupancy 89 and it needs more to be honest.  Even though there is a long wait to order, I received my food in approximately 5 minutes after I ordered.  The decor on the wall reminds me of Texas stuff and there are reviews all over the wall.  After you order at the register, you are called a number to pick up your food.I ordered the 3 meat plate with ribs, brisket, pork, and mac and cheese.  I have reviewed BBQ more than any other type of restaurant. But a word I have never used before would adequately describe Pecan Lodge's take on BBQ.  That word is perfection! All the meats were tender and juicy. The ribs had the right amount of BBQ sauce slathered on top.  I thought the pork wouldn't be that good because Texas loves brisket.  Boy, wasnt I wrong! The pulled pork was phenomenal. Brisket had a fine black pepper rub to it and was well-marbled.  The BBQ sauces mixed well with all the meat.  I also tried the jalapeno cheddar sausage that my brother had.  Best sausage ever in my life!  All this meat almost, almost made me do the impossible...eat it without the sauce! Too bad I'm a sauce-aholic. But if the sauce wasnt there, I wouldn't mind.Speaking of sauce, there are 2 types.  The first is in a red squeeze container that most restaurants use for ketchup.  No ketchup here except to use as the base of the bold, mesquite, pepper BBQ sauce.  The other sauce I was sort of shocked to see as it was a sweet vinegar variety.  Both sauces were terrific but with the meat being leg-end-ary, the sauces do not receive the appreciation that they should.I was disappointed to get only one side.  I had seen the mac and cheese over and over again on Yelp! Superb choice! The mac and cheese was very creamy and cheesy and had bacon bits on top.  It was the perfect accompaniment.I experienced 2 disappointments at Pecan Lodge.  The first was the sweet tea.  I tried to order it at the counter and the guy told me there is unsweet tea with packs of sugar behind it.  NO! I want freshly brewed sweet tea instead of the cold mess the sugar will make in cold, unsweet tea.  I usually knock a star off my rating for awful sweet tea.  But this was the best BBQ I have ever had...hands down!  Only for the best do I waive that criteria.The 2nd was having to pay extra for a roll.  REALLY, Pecan Lodge?! You read right...6 words...Best BBQ Rhett has ever had!  I'm always asked what is the best BBQ I've ever had.  I usually say I like a few places.  But now I have a definite answer and that answer is Pecan Lodge in Dallas. Absolutely amazing!"}, {"review_id": "VTGb1rxP8t0m39h88XYbhg", "user_id": "fODfjdrnoJ2s0vmRkLA9UA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "Sweet Baby Jesus! The wife and I drove straight to this place from the airport. After reading the reviews from others, and passing on a few other places, we decided to stop in. First things first - the line. If you get there pretty much anytime, there's going to be one. Around the place and out the door. And down the street. It can get hot. Be prepared. Bring a water bottle. However, once you get inside, the place is huge. And completely necessary. Because the place stays packed. The line wraps around the edges of the place, and there's one cash register. This might be my one gripe, as it takes a bit. Maybe a second one could speed things up. Now, the barbecue. O. M. G. The brisket is so juicy and soft, it just pulls apart. The smoke ring and crust are PERFECT. The pulled pork is succulent and amazing, the ribs pull right off the bone. The sides, I almost forgot about. But they were equally as impressive. But my favorite has to be the Hot Mess. A sweet potato, loaded with butter and chives and chipotle sauce and barbacoa and some heat? Yeah, I had to stop eating it. Just so I could take it home and eat more of it. Seriously worth it. Why five stars? Because it was THAT good. We are staying in Fort Worth, and the wife doesn't know it yet, but we are going back again before we leave."}, {"review_id": "74JPthFyTqTXlXIRslr-UA", "user_id": "y8jJV4AeH6ZEBagQ_ys8KQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "Their beef rib is absolutely amazing. It's super tender and moist and flavorful. It was much better than their brisket which I thought was not as good at Hutchen's or Killen's. The brisket we had here was drier than the ones we had at other places. Also, their sides of mac and cheese and collard greens were not as good as other BBQ places I've been to. Their mac and cheese just tasted ordinary, and their collard greens had a sour taste to it. They also didn't have sweet tea which I thought would be a staple at southern BBQ places!The trick is to go to the line where you buy 5 pounds of meat since it's significantly shorter. I would try to always come with a group of friends so that you can split it all and not have to wait in line. Once you order, then you can grab a table and enjoy your meal, or snack....!"}, {"review_id": "KS6Oti2dEPk3kEI2iaT3WA", "user_id": "EM8iHjBNJ5aF2xnNcIF8Kg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/27/2018", "text": "I went after word of mouth recommendation and boy I was not disappointed. This place is phenomenal. It is off the charts. If there's one place you should go it is Pecan Lodge. The line to get in is long, I waited about 15-25 min but if you are ordering a lot or take out you can bump the line. I got the three meat combo. I decided on the brisket, pork ribs and lastly the burnt ends. I decided on the cole slaw. I saw everyone else getting the Mac-n-cheese which looked amazing but too rich for my blood after decided on three meats. Honestly there was not one thing bad about anything. You can not go wrong if you decided on any of these. Fall off the bone. Deep smoke flavor. A perfect marriage of sweet, savory and spicy. My absolute favorite was the burnt ends and next time I go I'll only get that. Ironically I didn't like the brisket but it was good. The ribs were perfect. I'm very happy I went. This is the best Barbeque I've ever had. You must go if you are in Dallas. If you are not a vegetarian you'll be an absolute fool to go."}, {"review_id": "6AUgdDBt55946MnXBwxz7Q", "user_id": "WU37eI3PFubXlE95wDYD5g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/23/2018", "text": "Disappointed that I could not swing by Austin on my latest trip to Texas, I asked friends for BBQ suggestions. Pecan Lodge was at the top of the list of recommendations.Five of us descended upon Pecan Lodge from out-of-state and we heard about the Express Line*. We ordered the Trough, which had a mix of meats including the brisket, ribs, pulled pork and sausage links, rolls, a side of fried okra and a side of collard greens. Everything was good. However, if you are a brisket connoisseur, Pecan Lodge should be on your list of BBQ joints. It was amazingly flavorful and moist with the perfect amount of smoke. This brisket needs no sauce. And, in my opinion, this brisket needs no sides or rolls. If I could just eat a pound of Pecan Lodge brisket, I would be happy. Is it better than the place I wanted to go to in Austin? I'm not sure as it's been a while since I've been there and that is the brisket that haunts my dreams! If you have a chance to sample the brisket at Pecan Lodge, do it! It is definitely worth the wait!*If you have a larger party, or are prepared to order 5 pounds of meat or more, skip the line that wraps around the corner and go to the express line inside. The trough counts as a big order. If you're unsure, just go to the door of the restaurant \"in search of the restroom.\" The express line is just left of the facilities!"}, {"review_id": "le_J7-8QB_4RyNh4zQUmDA", "user_id": "4Kk62hN-GisSNv6fB7j5Ig", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "I've got friends in Dallas, so I hope they're still on speaking terms if I only give the Pecan Lodge three stars.  If you see my reviews I eat way too much BBQ...and to be fair, perhaps I caught the Lodge on an off day.Parking's the greatest downside in the otherwise rapidly gentrifying Deep Ellum neighborhood, though there are plenty of pay lots.  Having lived in California, I can tell you that I'd have been *delighted* to pay $2 for 3 hours in many, many neighborhoods. First off some well-deserved praise: too many BBQ joints in Central or rural Texas go for the 'fallen down shack' or 'sawdust bar floor' look.  The Lodge's dining area is neat and clean, as are the the bathrooms.  Also, their food presentation and speed of serving is a breath of fresh air in this type of restaurant - nice steel trays and food placed in a way that says someone cares about what's served.Well, then why the three stars?  Well, it's what I'd use as the average rating for the stuff off the menu I tried. Hands down the best item I ate was the brisket - I got a couple slices of the 'fatty' brisket and thought it was on a par with anyplace in Austin.  Delicious, tender goodness.  The beef rib is decent - meaty and nicely prepared, but not as tender as I've had and a little overdone.  And alas, the pork spare ribs are towards the bottom of anything I've had at a Texas BBQ place.  One end was fine, the other half dry to the point of being a little gristly.  Also, I like salt and smoke flavor, but these ribs must've come from a pig that toked up a pack of Marlboroughs every day until slaughtering time.So, with one above-average entrée, a decidedly so-so one, and a seriously below average one, I get three stars.  (Well, more like 2.5 stars but I have to credit them with the service and cleanliness.) Definitely worth a visit if you're in Dallas, of course, and remember I may have caught them on a bad day.  If I'm in the area, I'd try them again.Wait time: I visited at 11:40am on a Thursday, and the wait in line was ~25 minutes.  Service was blazingly fast so from line-to-table I'd call it 35 minutes.  Parking was more of a hassle than waiting for the BBQ.Oh, about that Parking: I ended up at a decent pay lot on the corner of Main and Malcom X Blvd, which is only a block away.  Also, I noticed that many of the meters in the area aren't taking cash or credit anymore - you can only pay through your phone, using an app called 'Parkmobile'.  For those of you who aren't phone savvy, you have been warned!This place scores a 3 out of 5 on the 'CTJ Scale', as noted below.5 out of 5 stars: Come-to-Jesus good. Would be OK passing away after finishing a plate here.4 out of 5 stars: Come-to-Mary good. Would be OK being seen eating here by Mother Mary.3 out of 5 stars: Come-to-Joseph good. Would be OK having a beer here with Jesus' Dad.2 out of 5 stars: Come-to-the-Apostles good. Meh. Wouldn't have my last supper here.1 out of 5 stars: Come-to-Nobody good. I wouldn't have my penultimate supper here, either."}, {"review_id": "l1qgXto1pDULETUQdWykSQ", "user_id": "GhWh8jxvYGIK-6tanHWXDg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "We went here with my wife's parents since numerous folks claimed that this was the \"best BBQ place in Dallas\".  The Wait: We went when it opened on a Sunday morning and there was already a line around the outside.  When they opened their doors, people rushed in and we luckily skipped ahead by deciding to sit at the bar.  There's also a separate line if you decide to order 5 lbs or more.The Service: The bar folks were awesome.  Very attentive and friendly!The Drinks: Good selection of local beers!The Food: Now to the main reason to go here... the BBQ!  We ended up getting the trough and tried all the stuff that they're known for:+ Brisket: This was the highlight.  Definitely nice and moist and flavorful, but there were also some dryer parts that were a bit disappointing.  I think Heim in Fort Worth has the best ... + Sausage: Good+ Pork Ribs: Surprisingly good.  Was more tender than I expected.= Burnt Ends: A little tough= Pulled Pork: OK but I'm not a huge fan of pulled pork generally.= Hot Mess: I heard a lot of hype around this, but it wasn't that amazing to me.  Definitely large but I'll take brisket any day.- Beef Ribs: Disappointing.  This was huge but some of it was so burnt and tough.  Not worth the price.Overall, this place was good, but I wouldn't go as far as to say it's the best in Dallas."}, {"review_id": "zuGh_tlvvYUhGdKmwkY3cA", "user_id": "uWnVvgXhopXEPdEcI2vXrQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/3/2018", "text": "Oft considered the top bbq in Dallas, get ready to wait on line a la Hometowm BbQ(Brooklyn reference) when doors open at 11.Ate:Two meats and a side called the two meat plate- $15Pork ribsPork sausage CollardsEach plate comes with pickles and I onionsThe ribs might have been the best I've ever tasted. Great sausage, but no mustard which was a flavor negative. The real disappointment was the collards, tasting like way too much sugar and zero smokiness- inedible. Pickles and onions go real well with the bbq and Deep Ellum, the Bushwick of Dallas is awesome and not to be missed."}, {"review_id": "r2BdKNcEIGV3uZEDXqzakQ", "user_id": "DiCEA4ibVyMLf5u1_Z9vxQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/7/2018", "text": "This place is worthy of the 4.5 stars that it's rated. I went on a Friday and had heard about the lines. We arrived at 10:35 and it was perfect timing. There were about 15 people ahead of us and by the time the doors opened at 11 and I got to the counter and placed my order it was 11:08. Pretty quick service and it was totally worth getting there 25 minutes early because that line just continued to grow. It also doesn't hurt that you get that intoxicating smell of smoked meat wafting through the air as you wait. If you love bbq like I do it just makes the wait that much more enjoyable. Now to the food. I got the 3 meat platter with pork ribs, regular sausage, brisket, and fried okra as my side. The sausage was good and flavorful. The pork rib had a great smoky flavor and a touch of sweetness. I couldn't pinpoint what was giving it the hint of sweetness and the rib didn't stick around long enough for me to figure it out. Now for the highlight- the brisket. It came with one thick, large slice of brisket and oh man... it was melt in your mouth good. It was the best brisket I've had in my life. In fact, I'm kicking myself a day later for not ordering 5 additional pounds to take home. If you're a BBQ foodie, this place is an absolute must. Plan to either get there early or be prepared to wait. This place is a true gem."}, {"review_id": "HhiQFOEmDNV8e0A1Sv4Mrg", "user_id": "uYBskWDsfuLfCvivsiVCtw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "LOVE, LOVE, LOVED Pecan Lodge! The food was amazing! I had the pulled pork with a side of macaroni and cheese. My friend has the brisket with a side of okra. All of it was amazing. The barbecue was tender and mouthwatering, the brisket was smoky with a delicate texture. The in-house hot sauce and barbecue sauces were great. The Mac and cheese was creamy and delicious while the okra was fried perfectly. I definitely recommend getting here early because when it's gone, it's gone!! The only downside was it wasn't clear there was a bar. We waited in line for food (no biggie), but then realized there was a bar we could have ordered (and drank) at. Overall, amazing food"}, {"review_id": "_u6N0BwYqAyTu8e-zkPMFw", "user_id": "LKlxo98EMCf6w9o-xwo33g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/4/2018", "text": "After waiting for quite some time with our large group we found the express counter. Order 5lbs or more and they will serve you immediately. This counter is located near the soda machines. We ordered, \"THE TROUGH\" (1 beef rib, 1lb of pork ribs, 1lb brisket, 1/2 lb of pulled pork & 3 sausage links) and then some. Basically a little of everything. Also some greens and mac-n-cheese.Everything was good, other than the brisket and greens I didn't feel like anything was great. The pulled pork almost seemed like it came out of a crockpot and the sausage seemed steamed. Weird.There is definatly much better BBQ in TX but this place wasn't bad. Not sure I would wait in line for it."}, {"review_id": "PIt98OeKoU_eoP4RsM0ReQ", "user_id": "ytIX0mBojyLnaJYmxwUqMg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "When we got there we saw a really long line but since we were a big group we skip to the express line (if you are buying more than 5 pounds) the food had a perfect presentation, everything look delicious, I had brisket and I have to be honest I have had better, the jalapeño peppers and regular sausages were good (not great), the pork ribs were vey tasty (one of the best Ive have tasted) but the beef ribs were the jewel of the crown they were outstanding and the vibe and decoration is the reason why I rate a 4 stars. If it wasn't for those two this would ve a 3 star.I will be back if I have the right group of people its a good experience."}, {"review_id": "Ku3Zwqlglca4bf-2r62LYQ", "user_id": "w3kBEVUMf4C6GkcBT4vPuQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/27/2018", "text": "This place is the shit!! This was some of the best BBQ I have ever had.  Parking was a bit difficult and there was a wait but the lines moves pretty fast and it is definitely worth the wait.  We got there at 10:30 am on a Saturday.  The place does not open till 11:00 am and there was already a line wrapped around the building.We got beef ribs, pork ribs, beef brisket, pulled pork, bacon mac and cheese, and cole slaw.  All of the meat had a great flavor and was so tender it was like cutting through butter.  The beef ribs were my favorite.  The sides were delicious. The BBQ sauce was wonderful!  They have an express line if you order 5 lbs or more.  The food came out very fast.  Don't miss out on this place!"}, {"review_id": "qPqwvaB1rsp0nTq5UUO_Sw", "user_id": "CgaYrDdsv0AQ0N_BxVaXjg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/6/2018", "text": "Solid 4 stars!Went during lunch time, so as expected there was a decent size line, but surprisingly enough the line moved rather quickly. Also upon ordering, they give out free fountain drinks (and refills) with your purchase, brownie pts!Ordered the BBQ ribs, brisket and burnt ends.. not going to lie their brisket is hands down the best I've ever had, but I would pass on the ribs. Their ribs were a bit difficult to eat and we're definitely not fall of the bone soft, as you would expect from a good BBQ joint. Brunt ends were solid, even in comparison to their brisket! Another downfall would have to be the ladies bathroom.. clean as it is, it smells like smoke. Definitely feels like you're going to get smoke inhalation, while you're relieving yourself. Other than that, pecan lounge lives up to their hype. Would def go back for their BBQ when revisiting Texas!"}, {"review_id": "i9wrdXoc28B5Ggkf5EUhWQ", "user_id": "f7rboYujQLfvvVAaQqhCEw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "Excellent BBQ! The flavors of the meat were amazing, the portions were pretty good and the seating was nice as well (sat outside and basked in the sun). This place has become famous off tv shows so get there early or the line will be long. Give this place a try, you won't regret it."}, {"review_id": "dzb6Bqj1OedcHoiXk8IUWQ", "user_id": "LoMKP9SLsDHUZV0ZE9TQ3A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "We love this place! It is so worth the wait. They have peticolas on draft which is a plus. The bbq here is in our top 3 in Texas. The greens here are also amazing, a little spicy and so yum."}, {"review_id": "eGyiPkurbjOFB-_W-BAqcw", "user_id": "h0TX3pcrn-0gyBWEkBj9rg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/27/2018", "text": "Great Pricing great BBQ. The Mac and cheese was really good as well as the Ribs. I was going to rate it 4 because they have like 4-5 beers on tap not much option but i will not the food is the best BBQ ive had here in texas so they deserve that five star. Me & my bf ordered each a combo and it was alot of food.It was only $17 each so you cant beat that for 3 meats 1 side We were so full we took some to go. I got the ribs, fried chicken and sausage.                   The sausage was my least favorite it was good but not my thing.  The brisket was good but my favorite would have to be the rib. They play live music outside here rain, shine or cold lol They have heated lamps to keep you nice and toasty. They also have a bar inside and music if you want to stay inside. Not much beer on tap and no bottled beer. I had the Amber & my bf had an IPA I actually enjoyed the IPA more than the amber. You cant hold a table until you have a receipt but the space its quite large so even if the seats inside are taken you can sit outside"}, {"review_id": "ifzD6VdrcCnMOV9jLY9hgQ", "user_id": "Ekp7bv1c2FjzR9nuH1uTFg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/3/2018", "text": "The line was long and went outside the Restuarant. Look very promising. It moved Kind of slow. They only have one cashier. One more cashier would make thing faster. I ordered banana pudding and 2 3meats plates.  $17 each with free drinkBanana pudding was pretty good rich and not too sweet. Pull pork, pork ribs and brisket with pinto beanPork sausage, burnt ends, and bring sort with Mac n Cheese. The price was alright. Portion was good and generous. Brisket was tender Pork ribs were dry and some part was tough. Pork sausage was subpar. Pull pork was ok. Nothing special I didn't get any sense of spices. Burnt ends was really burnt to Black. Every meat tasted the same which was tasteless. I don't get the hype. Mac n cheese was over cooked and not good. Pinto beans were very very salty."}, {"review_id": "qjtQTBj_BZ3mxXZQBjGR1Q", "user_id": "Boi_sGs4NatJTeJSig5gUA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "I've seen lines out the door for this place all the time so I decided to see what all the hype was about.Our group, which included some colleagues from out of state, arrived around 1:30pm and thankfully there was no line.  One of my out state colleagues had visited Lockhart's the night before and was eager to compare both places.We got a little bit of everything off the menu, literally, so we could sample it all.  I have to say, most of us were disappointed, maybe because so many people have raved about this place, but the food was good at best.  The brisket was decent, the sausage was a bit dry and the greens...holy hell, they were the worst.  The were a dark brown and tasted overcooked.Perhaps we went on an off day, but I certainly will not be returning and will eat there if someone else is paying for me.If you're cool with decent BBQ, then this will fit the bill, but do yourself a favor and head over to Lockhart's in Bishop Arts."}, {"review_id": "7fGXUaB6-gjLw_fd3OXm1Q", "user_id": "oHHWJpSx4u3_R_ftJl14kw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/20/2018", "text": "A must when in Dallas.  The Deep Ellum Area is so cool it is in a warehouse district that is undergoing a resurgence.  The combo platter is the way to go that way you get to try almost all the choices. We personally like the brisket and pulled pork.  We went for lunch and there was a tiny line.We just eye spies the swat potato stuffed with your choice of meat. It looks AMAZING! Next time we will get that.We will be back!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/pecan-lodge-dallas-3?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]