[[{"review_id": "AtIQ7_0I_YmKoVQB3c_wXg", "user_id": "aJdAaTG8QgMEwSttjQqkOA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/27/2018", "text": "If you haven't had a Tomahawk steak, Perry's will show you what a real one is made of! I spent so many months reading Yelp reviews on this place that I finally gave in and made a reservation (highly recommend) on a Saturday evening. Let me tell you, this place has the perfect mouthwatering steaks that makes you dream about coming back as you're chewing on the current piece that you just cut off. The location starts off with really friendly complimentary valet. The valet guys are super chill and direct you straight to where you need to be. Since my friend and I arrived early for our reservation, we ordered a few drinks from the bar area before entering the main dining area. Drinks were fairly strong and bartenders were very calm and skilled. There was a lively feel in that area, but it wasn't as dim or sophisticated as the main area.When it was time, we were pleasantly surprised to be seated on the top floor dining area. It has a really nice view of the vicinity and provides a good amount of privacy as well. If you're looking to impress a nice date with some dim and ambient lighting, Perry's is your wingman. Phenomenal service and all the servers had such a great sense of humor. Super personable people that were really involved (and had really interesting stories about serving some customers in the past!). We visited around the time of my best friend's birthday, so we were given a really cute complimentary dessert sampler to finish our awesome steaks.Definitely opt in for the Tomahawk. It's big enough to share between two people. There was also a special for that particular day (I think some kind of ribeye cap?) I can't remember the specific name of it, but both delivered a deep and rich flavor that really didn't disappoint. Highly recommend coming here when you're in it for a solid steak."}, {"review_id": "XjFNQkJW0Rqn6PxbgmnRTA", "user_id": "cHH5M_rQh0mr1KrT2NBn_A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "Dined here with a large group, so we had a private area. The ambiance is upscale, but a little dark in terms of lighting. Started with the shrimp cocktail. The shrimp were large and were a nice start. Caesar salad for the next course, but it was a standard Caesar, nothing extraordinary. Filet and lobster as the main and it was the star. Steak was cooked perfectly and the lobster with drawn butter was spot on. Ended the meal with a creme brûlée, which was very good. Overall, Perry's is a very good steakhouse and worth the money."}, {"review_id": "kymf2pgEfTldjZT4hlwCsA", "user_id": "Wo7RIWMhNLpz4_b9CX_ehg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/13/2018", "text": "We have only been to Perry's a few times, and it was always before I used Yelp. We always go to Bob's, but maybe not any more.  Everything was amazing. We went early although I have friends that love to have drinks at the bar. We had:Filet Perry Asparagus Steak tartareCalamari (had 17 year-old niece)Whipped potatoes / baked potatoes Wedge salads Service was exceptional. Only drawback: random crowd to early who looked like they were Dallas County government workers and were loud."}, {"review_id": "otP1QAe6GFxSmDt4BKdvaA", "user_id": "fa2HWRCg-VMC8p5OWLK_cg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/14/2018", "text": "Met a friend here for Pork chop Friday.  I would recommend calling earlier in the week to get a reservation if you want to come for Friday lunch. We got lucky and found two seats at the bar and we got there around 1130a.We both had the pork chop special. Comes at. A huge double cut pork chop, one side and apple sauce.For $14.95 the pork chop was ridiculously big. The meat was really tender and flavored well. The pork chop came out less than five minutes after we ordered which was appreciated since it was during our lunch break.Parking is pretty much valet only. It's pretty much impossible to find street parking in the area."}, {"review_id": "p-z0XQzSCihp7nLjwGgoaw", "user_id": "1w9CDfmtqb8N5K_HCGQ9HQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/4/2018", "text": "I love coming here for dinner during the weekend!!! Excellent food and free live music! Can't beat that!My girlfriend and I love getting their 32oz tomahawk steak with coffee rub. The meat is extremely tender, juicy, and flavorful! Literally melt in your mouth deliciousness! Oh, and definitely pair it with the bone marrow! Their bone marrow is just amazing! Tip: ask them to bring the bone marrow out as an appetizer and put it on the bread that they bring out. Their cocktails are just so-so. I would suggest just buying a bottle of wine and sharing it. But definitely order the cheesecake for dessert! Rich but not too sweet! You can definitely tell it's made from scratch!"}, {"review_id": "9wgy_9-pEhDSLSf2DfDhBg", "user_id": "YCyc78DNxs_3v0Sgn0TwTA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "Holy crap, I am in the throes of a foodgasm! Their cowboy ribeye is easily in the top 5 in the nation. I'd rank their steaks ahead of Gibson's and way above anything you can get at Cap Grill or Ruth's. The clientele seems to have forgotten they're in Dallas and not NYC, a bit uppity. But the staff is cool, the steaks are freaking amazing and the Mac n cheese would put any BBQ joint to shame. If you're not from Dallas I'd recommend just flying in for a meal here. Brink a couple credit cards if you want wine here, they're proud of that stuff! But I didn't care. Perfect way to wrap the day before heading to the airport!"}, {"review_id": "CJpt-uxs18bWEjeCVlVfbg", "user_id": "UVJH_wyl8SwPWOD70v0C-g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/6/2018", "text": "Perfect example of a restaurant that other restaurants wish they could one day become! There was absolutely no downside for me here. If not the best pork chop I've ever had, then it would be 2nd. Very hard to tell because my other favorite pork chop (Culpepper's in Rockwall) is completely different, but incredible none the less! Anyway, the valet, the hostess, the bartender, the waitstaff, the entire restaurant was amazing! There was even great company to talk to at the bar besides the bartender. I can't think of a downside other than maybe the price if you were on a tight budget. If you are on a budget however, the massive pork chop is only $15 on Friday's for lunch. There is no way you'd be disappointed that I can think of unless you came in on an off night. Can't wait to come back when I'm back in the area!"}, {"review_id": "sYASvQckq46C9lclM9yUxw", "user_id": "pcK-oqxqgbgBlukiQAXkqw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/27/2018", "text": "We celebrated an anniversary dinner at Perry's and had such a nice time! Food was excellent. We ordered the tomahawk ribeye and it was our first time trying this out. It was absolutely delicious and we will be going back for it again. It's large enough to share between two people and we had some leftovers. We also had a dessert trio which was perfect to share. And a bone marrow appetizer that was phenomenal. Highly recommend!!Ambiance was great too. Since we had let them know ahead of time it was for our anniversary they set up a cute table for us downstairs with rose petals and treated us to the dessert. So sweet of them!! Enjoyed our meal and our date night at Perry's! It's one of our top 3 steakhouses in Dallas!"}, {"review_id": "ah47MAKRKo3LNok18rMBdA", "user_id": "4RO_7oMNxpyo058SfZ4Utg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "We arrived at Perry's without a reservation but were seated quickly in the bar area. It was great to be in close proximity to the piano and the bar. We started off with the Smoky Rita and Rose Collins which were both excellent. The Rita had some sweet and spice while the collins was light and refreshing. We ordered the Perry's filet and red snapper as our entrees and I can't decide which I liked better. Both were very good in their own right. The steak was well made with delicious bacon and chunks of crab meat and the skin on the red snapper was so good. The service was a bit hit or miss. Our server was sure to pass by and ask if we needed anything but was not around when we did. It was probably just a timing issue. All in all it was a good of experience. Good food and lovely ambiance."}, {"review_id": "c8a64nk664Cf6QND9JtefQ", "user_id": "U18t13RHpr_T8dnUE6KHpg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/27/2018", "text": "I came for Valentine's weekend after receiving a coupon for a complimentary Pork Chop, and could not wait to enjoy! I honestly enjoyed my experience, we started with a calamari appetizer and followed with a spinach salad which came with my coupon. Both were fantastic and incredibly fresh. We did notice that the service seemed slow, but we did not complain to anyone. The manager came by our table to apologize for the slower service and offered to take care of the entire night for us! We already ordered our meals and were given the coupon back to use at a later date. That is exceptional service to me, as they recognized their mistakes without us saying a word. Everything came out fresh and delicious! I will be back for more!"}, {"review_id": "upzyzgrZbkyfSwzXLg8jnA", "user_id": "iLrizhQLiN5zRC5ewgYRUg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/14/2017", "text": "Had a great dinner here catching up with a good friend, and we ate an amazing meal. I started off with the mai tai. It was ok and I was a little afraid of the hibiscus rim staining my clothes. Food wise we started with the lobster bisque. This one had the pile of lobster and then the bisque and it was a great start to the plethora of meat that would be coming our way shortly. I was treated to the 32oz tomahawk ribeye. I had never had it before so it was insisted I try it. This guy is a monster. So much steak and so well flavored. I am so spoiled....and of course a made a little meat rainbow from the bone. Can't take me anywhere. My friend had the Perry's Famous Pork Chop and let me try some of each of the three cuts. The pork chop is roasted and slow-smoked and carved tableside for your viewing pleasure. So very good.  I tried the eyelash, loin, and ribs one by one and each had a unique flavor and style to it. Really awesome. For dessert he insisted we try the Mont Blanc a la Frisc which is one of their famous flambéed desserts made with Vanilla ice cream, homemade sponge cake with fresh strawberries, and Belgian white chocolate sauce and Bailey's Irish CreamIt was really good even though those are not my favorite ingredients. The dessert really put it all together. Next time I want to try the bananas foster"}, {"review_id": "IMgSDtC-jFkGdKwVYOvBzA", "user_id": "d0-3jrFMERDyjBOrSatPVQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/23/2018", "text": "Came on Sunday night and sat at the bar. Bar area is cool with a few TVs , circular room that centered around a piano (unmanned at this hour). Place was wide open and got there about an hour before close. Friendly and accommodating bartender/manager switched tvs to an NBA playoff game. Miller lite was cold and house cab was reasonably priced. Food was outstanding. Hot bread and butter, crisp and cold iceberg wedge. Prime rib medium rare was succulent. Sides were great- asparagus was steamed and zesty. Mac and cheese was very rich. Potatoes were quality but nothing special. Overall this is an outstanding dining experience in Uptown Dallas. If you are seeking a slightly more casual evening try the bar area. The main dining room looked splendid , as well."}, {"review_id": "P8K43pYUnG-iMW053CLAvA", "user_id": "R3g6fcBUIhUuwRviH0FLFQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "Wife and I just got back from Perry's Steakhouse and Grille, Dallas, on a Saturday night and thought I'd quick do a review while still in the afterglow.Ambience: Perfect. Low light and a classy atmosphere. Live lounge jazz from a talented singer.Staff: Professional and perfectly gracious.Food: Wife had the 4-inch tall chunk of pork chop ($38), which is one of Perry's specialties. Excellent.I had New York Strip, 14 oz. ($50). Cooked exactly to order, and char, seasoning, and flavor was tied for best I've ever had (other place is 6Smith in Wayzata, MN, near Minneapolis). Wow. Made my night.We shared a side of potatoes au gratin ($12). Perfect. Again, best I've ever had, but wife says I'm saying that too much. She agrees it was delicious.Overall: My top rating. Can't go wrong if you're dining to impress or for that special occasion.Bonus: For fun, take the free city M-Line vintage trolley from downtown to Perry's if you're in town visiting."}, {"review_id": "dZGmKUwiDufOwgiubTZfTg", "user_id": "VsUnGiPSH0CrxrpISGX27A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/27/2017", "text": "My friend and I ended up at Perry's for dinner when another restaurant we were trying to go to had a super long wait and we had no reservations. A quick call to Perry's as we were driving over there and we were able to make a reservation that would have us seated within 15 minutes. When we arrived we were seated after a short wait. To note here - the restaurant was pretty busy with the early dinner crowd, so being accommodated was a big plus! Pretty classy joint.Everything about our dining experience here was excellent! Not only was our waiter and service prompt and polite, but there were at least two managers who stopped by our table to greet us, make sure we had everything we needed (drinks etc), and one spent quite some time with us letting us know about the off-menu specials while our waiter was away getting our drinks. Service A+! So to start off - our drinks - my friend had the Pineapple Ginger Mojito and I tried their Martini Trio. What is this Martini Trio you ask? Well, it is a choice of three mini versions from 12 specialty martinis they craft at their bar.  My choices - the Mai Tai (my fave), Raspberry Crusta, and the Perry Berry Mule. All were very strong and delicious! To dine on -  we started with the Cherry Pepper Calamari. The cherry peppers gave a nice zing to the calamari. My friend tried the off-menu special cut steak, which came at a high $$$ but he swore it was excellent. I had the Sushi-Grade Sesame Crusted Ahi-Tuna served with sushi rice - cooked medium it had delicious flavors. We ordered sides of creamed spinach and Baked Mac N cheese - both of which came in portions big enough for two to share. The mac n cheese was yummy, with just the right amount of cheese for a nice cheesy/creamy consistency. By the time we were done, there was no room for dessert but I would definitely love to revisit to try some of their amazing steaks. Also to note they do a \"Social Hour\" every day at the bar where you can enjoy specials on their martinis and other bites off their menu. A few people were celebrating birthdays and got some nice little treats while their celebrations were kept discreet!"}, {"review_id": "IX90_15_CbWPeGcD5PHX2g", "user_id": "ofeLGyYo5yACoVzahgExZg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "10/18/2017", "text": "This could have been a 5 star experience if their service was better. The sad part was that I sat at the bar, directly in front of the bartender/s. My dinner was amazing, the service was not. I was sitting next to the area where the drinks are stationed for the servers to bring to the tables. Even though I was sitting so close to \"help\", I'm pretty sure I got less help than most people that night. I guess that's what you get for sitting at the bar? I didn't have a reservation, but I was in town and wanted to give Perry's a try. I told them the bar would be fine. I started off with a French Onion Soup, and then had the Filet Perry (8oz). The French Onion Soup was pretty good, but not as amazing as the Filet Perry. It was topped with crab meat. The juices and flavor on the medium rare steak was fantastic. The bartender asked if I wanted some bread, and of course I said YES. It took super long for the bread to arrive. I was sitting there watching them deliver bread to all of these other people at the bar and at the tables. It's too hectic at the bar, and the bartender is too busy to be waiting on people. I parked down the street at the corner, $10 flat rate. I guess I could have done valet. So I'm not all that impressed with Perry's. Service is a must for me. I'll have to give somewhere else a shot the next time I'm back in Dallas."}, {"review_id": "NI3eJbH1i90ZUatwRBFGMQ", "user_id": "rAuQT_1kQl8IJLH1393dcg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/15/2017", "text": "They ain't lying about that Friday pork chop special. It's the best deal in town! That pork chop is massive.  Don't believe me?  Check out my pics.  Nice and juicy all the way through.  Even the eye, where you might think it would be too dry came out delicious.  A little char on the outside where the fat protects the meat and you have yourself a delicious treat for a bargain; $14.95.Service was on point. Valet is complimentary at lunch but, you know, leave a tip, peeps got to make a living.  Very ideal place to have a business lunch or if you are balling on a budget bring your main squeeze or side piece here. Trust me. I saw a couple next to me with rose petals on their table, so if you want to go big but can't necessarily afford to, come here during lunch. You won't be disappointed."}, {"review_id": "m4uPtIg8xBnC4Lm70oe8xg", "user_id": "KZhGcadbHNZzJ5gOSdvmRQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/27/2018", "text": "Perry's is so nice. I came here 3-4 times. The crab cakes are amazing, the whipped potatoes are so fluffy, the steak with asparagus medium rare was perfection. Every time I've been here it's been a delight, You have to get the Mont Blanc for dessert, they flambé the rum sauce at the table and pour it over this delicious ice cream cake with strawberries by far the best dessert I've had."}, {"review_id": "hwF_b4QCLK_hfJV2bZrwtg", "user_id": "TQXEFaoqo66USjGzCk3BDg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/11/2018", "text": "So, my mom was in town for work and I wanted to take her to a nice restaurant for a late birthday celebration.  I chose Perry's because my mom loves steak and also because I've had it bookmarked on Yelp FOREVER!!  I made a reservation earlier in the week when we got there we were about 15 minutes early but the host seated us immediately.  The ambiance is really nice; there is a second floor with tables overlooking the bottom floor.  We sat in a booth and the table was decorated with rose petals which made the occasion more special.  The hostess immediately switched out our black cloth napkins for white cloth napkins so the color would not ruin our clothes.  The service was great everyone was really attentive and everyone that stopped at our table wished my mom a happy birthday.  I ordered the martini trio which lets you choose three mini drinks from a variety of drinks on the menu.  Anytime you can get an extra drink I am all for it.  I ordered the Perry Berry Mule, Cucumber Blueberry Martini and Raspberry Crusta.  The Raspberry Crusta and the Cucumber Blueberry Martini were my favorites.  Let's talk about the food!!  For the appetizer we ordered the wedge salad and lobster bisque.  Our waiter suggested that we split the wedge salad because it is a pretty healthy size.  He was correct the wedge salad is definitely a share-able item.  The lobster bisque was good it had me scraping the bowl.  For our entrees we both ordered the surf and turf one with crab the other with lobster and the whipped potatoes.  Our food came out pretty quickly, it looked and smelled good. The steaks were severed on a bed of asparagus topped with lobster on one and king crab on the other.  Both steaks were overcooked but the flavor was good.  The crab was sweet just the way I like it.  The whipped potatoes were to die for, nice and creamy.  Our waiter bought out a trio of desserts that included a Crème Brulee, chocolate truffle and a cheesecake.  The desserts were scrumptious!!  Overall Perry's service was great; the ambiance is perfect for any occasion or date night."}, {"review_id": "xd6Hr9RNXaXRs-_zrE3B_A", "user_id": "MfSx71IuShf5I739DYnakw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/30/2017", "text": "You can't beat Perry's $15 pork chop lunch on Fridays! Be prepared to food coma afterwards, because it's amazing and the portion sizes are huge (split with a friend and still had leftover mashed potatoes at the end). I came last Friday with a group of 3 other friends and we were told there was a 30 minute wait, but were seated after just 5 minutes. (It was raining that day though, so I'd suggest making reservations in advance in case).The pork chop was a little dry in some parts, but for the price, it's an unbeatable deal. The pork chop was seasoned perfectly and that service was really friendly and attentive as well. Comes with a side of mashed potatoes and applesauce for you to dip the pork chop in (especially the dryer parts of it).I will say the pork chop I had at the Austin Perry's was better, but definitely still a steal. Will definitely be back!"}, {"review_id": "_D4R5tlPXxVTrNRZWtn1wA", "user_id": "k-WP6VLCdm2vfww2ccat2g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "Enjoyed a wonderful meal at Perry's prior to going to the theater for a show on 4/28/2018. Juan was very personable and fun with whom to interact. My pork chop (specialty of the house) was Huge, and really flavorful. My date also enjoyed her Chateaubriand very much. Sides were great, especially the soy siracha Brussels sprouts. I will definitely save up for a return visit."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/perrys-steakhouse-and-grille-uptown-dallas-dallas?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]