[[{"review_id": "Ee3f1fO4Eg0Rv2ZX8TTFWg", "user_id": "6q2kW2a50uAPK-cnpcNo5w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "Truly one of the best meals I've had in a long time. I was in Houston on business and it was recommended to us so three of us went and gave it a shot. I had fish shrimp and scallops which sounds pretty standard fare in many restaurants. However the seasoning was just amazing. Also first time ever I had a Russian beer which really complimented the meal in a very nice manner. It is a little more on the pricey side but definitely worth it.Last.... sticky pudding. A must have"}, {"review_id": "5EsH8N6pOjIGQy4mAZEIPw", "user_id": "Rjin7yXZK0v1lsQhgxHK9g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "Client picked this place since she's South African. I'm not usually one to try new things so let her order the \"go to, must have\" items and she explained each of them to myself and others at the client lunch. If you don't have a native South African on hand to take you here, the restaurant staff is very knowledgeable on everything.For appetizers we had the South African Sampler which has Bobotie which I would compare to like a Shepherds pie, however it has a kick and then its sweet with the mango chutney. Great flavor. (Never something I would order) We also had the Boerewors Sausage which is very popular we were told. Very flavorful as well! Biltong, Stuffed Peppadews and Chicken Sosatie.For my entree I had the 8oz filet with garlic herb butter - AMAZING! My sides were Roasted Red Potatoes and Sautéed Baby Spinach.I would come back to show my friends a nice and different restaurant but I don't think it will be a regular spot for me. (Solely to do with my picky taste buds, it's definitely a spot to try AT LEAST once)!"}, {"review_id": "eYyLAWFy-s9O-FjSxDtEdQ", "user_id": "i2PrKSf5C6FmYXB0F86UKA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/1/2018", "text": "Beautiful environment. Lighting in middle dining area is legit. Easy to get to from Galleria garages. Parked in Yellow and took elevator to 1 floor. Had a reservation. Immediately seated and attentively cared for by our server and several others for simple things like clearing plates, the check, water refills. We had calamari - spicy and not breaded, and flatbread (with cheese) - warm, sauce is tomato based and warm. I'd recommend both. Also husband had Chicken espeda. I  know I'm saying it wrong but my husband devoured it. Great portion, great flavor variety. I would highly recommend this for a nice place to have a work meeting, happy hour, date night or just to try something different!"}, {"review_id": "DK0iQgiZ4X3Xu8i3zZaCmA", "user_id": "ql72tD7sCRUdBBp5oeIU4A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "I didn't have a bad meal at all, but definitely not a 5*. Probably even closer to 3*.Ordered the prawn cakes as apetizer. Nicely filled plate with 4 cakes, flavour profile was fine but a bit too dry for my taste. For mains I took the lamb chops and added the Brussels sprouts & baby spinache. Spinache was fine but the sprouts were undercooked amd waaaaay too sweat. The were quite literally swimming in syrup. The chops were perfectly cooked and well seasoned.The restaurant looks really cosy at first sight. But if you are at a table that doesn't have a spotlight your food looks all bleu (had to filter a lot to get decent whitebalance ). Another thing that was a bit annoying was that the restaurant is quite loud. When I was here I readalmost  80dB average and I wasn't even speaking"}, {"review_id": "hrn2zT08HYO_uzXYamW1Mg", "user_id": "kLvxzWp5F8QNnlfuL42sKA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "Peli Peli is the most affordable high-end restaurant that I've ever attended. The service has been consistently excellent, as has been the food and the atmosphere. My go-to dish is the bacon wrapped scallops. Umm hello! How can you say 'no' to anything bacon?! And the ketoer in me loves this dish to the moon and back. Non-ketoers should definitely try the Bobotie, which is a multilayered tasty fusion of pastry, curried beef, sweet carrots, and mango chutney.This was my third visit and I know that I'll be returning soon. PS. Apparently they have a Sunday brunch happy hour with great appetizers! I'm going to try and done there at least once!"}, {"review_id": "YKX1YZ9XEtvOIfT-R58MeQ", "user_id": "aDTnRFeDqXMXMuvB2oEEKA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/16/2018", "text": "I have had dinner here, which was great, both the fish (Chilean Sea Bass) and the steak were amazing; the sauce on the steak makes this something special. BUT the brunch is the real winner for me. The Kitka French Toast (Fresh Baked Brioche with Passion Fruit Cream and Berries & Lyle's Golden Syrup) was simply delicious! YUMMMYYYY"}, {"review_id": "6aFM6vyvy8hSxzMQVPyVSQ", "user_id": "b3m5MkeNYcpCHTFIhdpMCA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "Not a fan of the Galleria but a big fan of Peli Peli! Found these guys on Yelp, knew nothing about South African food but was up for an adventure. Was blown away by the decor, never seen anything quite like it. Don't think the photos do it justice. I think it's something that needs to be seen in person. I ordered the Peli Peli shrimp with roasted red potatoes and Brussel sprouts. The shrimp were plentiful and on a bed of rice that was very flavorful. I was telling my wife hours later, I can't believe how good those Brussel sprouts were!   Service was great. Perfect experience."}, {"review_id": "TfUE310xMe8xMjd-kzr5Mw", "user_id": "VHjR5F6mdnLrQcCb0nqCYg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/4/2018", "text": "Wow, Houston Galleria takes mall food to a whole different level, and I have Yelp to thank for a 5-star surprise at Peli Peli.  Its a gorgeous restaurant with an amazing history, vision, and full-flavored South African cuisine.  I never had food from South Africa before, and apparently its a type of fusion with emphasis on chicken, steak, and seafood.  Our server Dan was awesome.  He explained the cuisine and the restaurant's history with head chef from South Africa and two main executives from UT Austin.  Their CEO was a refugee from Vietnam and their CMO competes in Iron Man!  Dan also greets us \"meisters\" throughout the service which is actually kinda cool.  He's especially skilled with de-shelling those monster tiger prawns for us!  White glove treatment on shellfish, LOL!On to the food - for two people, I highly recommend the Appetizer Sampler.  The signature dish is the bobotie (\"Ba Booty\"), a four-layer English Cottage Pie with ground beef and serious spicy-tangy flavors.  Peli Peli refers to the Bird Eye Chili which provides a gentle kick to many of the dishes.  My favorite is Chicken Satotie, a super tender chicken kabob with apricots and mango chutney, followed by the Farmer's Sausage and Cured Beef.  Lastly, cleanse your palate with Peppadew, a sweet pickled red pepper stuffed with cheese and chives.My colleague and I each went with the Cape Town Skillet - a seafood medley of sautéed calamari, prawns, scallops, mussels, and two gigantic tiger prawns that are like mini lobsters.  Served with South African rice and peli peli sauce that's peppery and just spicy.  It was like an extreme form of paella, with great seafood outnumbering the rice.  Wonderful dish!We shared a dessert to end the meal- the sticky toffee pudding which was made from date cake.  Its their signature dessert and the sticky toffee sauce is homemade with some South African spices.  Very moist and rich, and a great way to end a 5-star dinner."}, {"review_id": "DyW8aWoOXqA_UrDzl3X8PQ", "user_id": "KPwOsOSMoZtj-bQqsATeJw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/27/2018", "text": "Came in with a friend for happy hour to meet a business investor who works in the area. We enjoyed some dishes together:Sauteed CalamariBacon wrapped scallopsCapetown skillet? with seafoodPeli peli salad with shrimpSweet potato friesEverything was delicious and flavor full"}, {"review_id": "pxhItgqKvljIiUeFDQQAug", "user_id": "PQOnh9wg1lZJwf8qyp6Oaw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/10/2018", "text": "One of the best lunches I've ever had. I saw the amazing reviews on Yelp and had to give it a try. Never had South African food before, but I'm always looking for new and exciting cuisines! Loved how elevated it was.We made reservations and were seated right away. Only issue was that we requested a booth, but were told they were all full. The decor was gorgeous. Loved the colorful ceiling and modern seating.The chicken potjie pot was so flavorful! Loved all the vegetables, the rice, the tender chicken, and especially the slightly sweet sauce. Incredible. I had a lamb chop good, which was juicy and chewy, but didn't stand out as much. Liked the mint sauce though. The caramelized brussel sprouts on the side were perfectly sweet and crunchy - best vegetables ever.The sticky toffee pudding (free with Yelp check-in) was one the best desserts I've ever had. So massive and insanely decadent. The cake was just so moist and melted in my mouth. The toffee sauce was incredibly sweet and delicious. I never even like toffee before! The dessert was perfectly completed with ice cream and strawberries.Our server was so attentive, above and beyond. The manager also came to check in on us, just out of kindness. The dinner prices are very expensive, but we'd gladly come back for an affordable lunch any chance we get. Can't wait for the Austin location to open!"}, {"review_id": "b1Uwa_dRxLSxbtVbC96S-A", "user_id": "gWKCTyB-KPvKI_Q3BkjhNA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "Beautiful restaurant connected to the Galleria. Came for my friend's bachelorette dinner with a group of 9. Service was great from start to finish. Everyone loved their meals. I had the shrimp and rice, chose the squash and Brussels sprout for my sides. The shrimp were large, cooked perfectly, served with a  creamy sauce on the side, it had a nice kick. Squash was ok, could have done without it, pretty basic and bland. The Brussels sprouts were great, sweet and savory. I also had a dirty martini which was made perfectly. Received complimentary champagne at the end, nice gesture. We had no issues with the check, they allowed us to split check which was nice, (they allow 10 split checks max). We had a great evening and I would definitely return here."}, {"review_id": "FoY2YE-BSPesQk0l9VZ-4w", "user_id": "kTUt0LluDXME3tAnjyxalA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/26/2018", "text": "My first time coming to Peli Peli and i regret I didn't come sooner. Located in the galleria mall Peli Peli offers shoppers and casual diners and nice place to duck off to unwind and have great food and drinks. I started off withThe South African wings and bacon wrapped scallop which where delicious then moved right along into my main course which was kingklip I believe a type of fish similar to cod fish with a scallop sauce on top and Brussels sprouts and potato's on the side."}, {"review_id": "fLHCxgq5RXG6X3EulHzDaw", "user_id": "pGVmgZ2bB8zs5muMB3U0wQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/21/2018", "text": "Cleanliness: 5Quality: 3Taste: 3Service: 3Peli Peli is an African restaurant--South African to be exact so when I was at the galleria and longing for tender, juicy lamb, I was very excited to stop by and satisfy my craving. I called & placed my order for takeout (lamb chops with rice and Brussels sprouts) and arrived 20 minutes after my call to pickup my food because (I was told it would be ready in 15). Upon my arrival, a hostess guided me to the bar where takeout orders were processed. I stood at there motioning \"excuse me\" for about 5 minutes while bartenders looked at me and proceeded to tend to other customers.Finally a host came back and asked if I had been helped and when I said no, he went ahead and printed my receipt and processed my payment.... but I had no food. 15 minutes had passed since the time I was given for pickup. He went to the kitchen to check on my food after that. They must not have started on my order because I waited an additional 15 minutes from the time he went back just to get my food. So that's a 45 minute wait for a take out order placed in advance.As a way to compensate my time, he voided the initial charge and gave me 20% off my meal.All this time, I was still glad to get my lamb and couldn't wait to throw down so I was not upset. Y'all... it was the most flavorless chops I have ever had in my life. The side of rice was also bland and undercooked. The only good thing about that meal was the Brussels sprouts. Coated in a perfect marinade and cooked to reserve a soft crunch. I have to say, as a fellow African, those chops & that rice were a HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT but I am glad I went with the Brussels sprouts as a second side of I would not have been able to push down the rest of that meal.I don't think I'll be returning and in the unlikely occasion that I should find myself here, I am eating Brussels sprouts and drinking water."}, {"review_id": "MAe1haSmiUT4b_lVxcnhGw", "user_id": "kJKyxSMmE9zaKEaiNy2aBA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Went here randomly because of the glowing reviews and recommendations. Everything was great in its own way. Lamb chops were extremely soft and my wife's kingklip fish was cooked perfectly. The toffee dessert was AMAZING!!Service was also fantastic."}, {"review_id": "ZP7AWWf5rTpSHabtU8Df4g", "user_id": "jew-E1NvGVcgoaXk1T0rjQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "What a great place with amazing friendly service, nice setting and upscale and amazing food. Has two entrances - one from the Galleria mall and connected from outside too. Tried their South African Samosas and Wings. Came with chutneys and mango sauces.  For the entrees tried their peli peli shrimp. All the dishes were very tasty, fresh, spicy - meat was cooked to perfection. The food along with the dips and chutneys had Indian and French influence, both. Had the sticky toffee pudding dessert to end the meal on the server's recommendation - it was overly sweet but was delicious too. Portion sizes were good - highly satisfactory experience - will go back to try more items on the menu."}, {"review_id": "LHtWgB5hPuKSZwyf9hrQFg", "user_id": "iW7HHQ5ntRPj_jqNMnQjvQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/8/2018", "text": "Peli Peli is one of the unique local restaurants that makes the Houston food scene so fun and diverse. It's a high end restaurant without that stuffy properness due to its mall location. If you want to save some $$$, come during restaurant month. My all-time favorite item from this place is the espetada. Have it medium rare, and your taste buds will applaud you for it. It's served like a kebab and looks pretty low key, but once you take a bite it's an explosion of meaty goodness. I also appreciate how in general, the food served here isn't overly salty or heavy. Yes, they're heavy on the protein, but they always balance it with veggie sides or a refreshing sauce. Also all of their dessert menu is on point and the perfect way to end a good meal (highly recommend ordering the trio sampler to share). Giving it a 4 for now since I haven't made it out here for brunch yet, but the brunch menu looks very, very promising."}, {"review_id": "MPgu0_06gGCJYAv7ZJDaog", "user_id": "ReYvp1ZA1fJk-aj3FAt8rA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "So, wanted to try this place out to see what the hype was about. Well, I am adventurous eater to a certain point so yeah...let's get started.1) service was not great. At all, I mean I was out shopping with my mom decided to stop in the girls at the front were some what nice. The waiter we had was just I guess we will be honest here just awful.2) the food..I get it South African cuisine being \"different\" but to be honest not that great. My food was not that hot and my moms food was just lukewarm as if it was someone else's food that they didn't eat and just served again. 3) the ambiance was nice, I give three stars for that. Not so busy during the lunch time but that doesn't give the waiter the excuse to not be attentive.4) didn't get dessert and I couldn't tell you yelpers if it was good or not..didn't really want to stay longer than I had to.So overall, I would not come back again. Hey, if you are wanting to try this place out I guess go for it during the Houston restaurant week. Meh."}, {"review_id": "qlluZb1GAO5PjrLqtvuJsg", "user_id": "bodJQGONPuyc2UYkhd9wRQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/27/2018", "text": "Just straight up AMAZINGTraveling all the way from Baton Rouge to celebrate my girlfriend's birthday. They called to confirm my appointment two days prior. The waiter was extremely knowledgeable and helpful with the menu. Every dish was served to perfection. Serving sizes were large--I would recommend the chicken curry. We received complimentary champagne from management--Loved it. The waiter gladly helped me surprise my girlfriend with dessert and a lit candle for her birthday. Waiter would have provided a Polaroid picture but camera was not working properly (still got picture). I definitely plan to go back the next time I'm in Houston!"}, {"review_id": "DfIs5mt4ky6Sfs7fEPvQYw", "user_id": "3RTesI_MAwct13LWm4rhLw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/20/2018", "text": "My sisters decided to treat me to HH here since I've only been to their sister location: Peli kitchen. We didn't have to wait for long for a table but we grabbed a few drinks while waiting. The moscow  mule and the mojitos were strong but on point! Service is very slow here as our server didn't even acknowledge our table until we talked with the receptionist to flag him down. He was professional but also mocked us for taking food pictures! Excuse me sir if I was trying to take photos for my yelp review!! Also we waited for a good 20 mins before we got our check which was ridiculous. The restaurant at that time was dead with empty tables. On to the positive review: their delicious food! We shared some small HH bites such as the bacon wrapped scallops, bacon wrapped chicken and the prawn crab cakes. They were all tasty, full of flavor and outstanding! We also shared the beef espatada which came with the spinach, potato hash and brussel sprouts which we subbed for. It was also a hit; the only thing we didn't truly care for was the spinach. Also we ended the night with the toffee coffee cake pudding which we was free with a Yelp Check-in! I think it would be perfect if it wasn't so sweet. I can see by adding the ice cream it would tone down the sweetness of the toffee cake but it was just too much for us. We were glad the three of us shared the dessert! I would come back here for the food and good company! The happy hour menu although could use a few more item on it!"}, {"review_id": "g4TceUFh_kgGFvDn-Tf8iQ", "user_id": "0TBK4KcAg6Nnskqi32EYYw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/30/2018", "text": "eh. Another over-hyped/overpriced Galleria eatery. After browsing the happy hour menu, I was particularly excited to try some of Peli's signature cocktails. First on the chopping block: South African Mojito -- wow, this thing tasted more like a cheap a$$ Long Island Iced Tea. Next up: Cucumber Martini. Better than the former but not great.I can't say I can give the most thorough run down on food, seeing that I only had the sautéed calamari appetizer. Again, not horrible but nothing to make me return. My friend's Bobotie was a unique twist on traditional HH bites. Peli Peli does get bonus points for location, ambiance and generally good service. I'd say this is one of those places you try just for the sake of saying you've been."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/peli-peli-houston-5?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]