[[{"review_id": "GeHep6PGAQrn-Da8UbDLeg", "user_id": "u_INiRq27eUnufqjGSA0GQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/9/2018", "text": "As I was planning for my trip to Dallas, I like to look at lists of best restaurants.  I found Rodeo Goat on a list of top 50 burger joints in the US and it was ranked #10 on the list.  I tell you that the hype is REAL!When my crew pulled up, the parking lot looked full on a Saturday night so we had to park down the road on the street.  From the outside, there isn't much to look at.  It is a plain white building with Rodeo Goat in neon letters.  From the outside, it could be confused with a bar in my opinion.  But the inside is a different story.  There is a bar immediately to the left with shelves of liquor and even a goat with a saddle on it.  TVs are spaced throughout the restaurant.  The dining area is huge and there is a patio outside by a creek.  It also reminds me of a pen at a rodeo.The menu has a selection of about 15-20 unique burgers.  I wanted to try them all except for the seafood one and the 2 vegan ones. There isn't much other choices than burgers except fries, brisket chili, desserts, and 2 salads. At the top, they have 2 burgers pitted against each other and it says \"Battle of the Burger.\"  One of the burgers will move to the main menu after it is ordered so many times.  That is where my selection was and the name...\"Bodacious.\"  It came with BBQ sauce, smoked jalapeno mayo, smoked jalapenos, bacon, American cheese, crispy onions, and pickles.  All beef burgers are cooked medium well.  This burger was phenomenal proving that Rodeo Goat belonged on the list of best burgers in the US.  I asked for extra sauce and they brought out more BBQ sauce and smoked jalapeno mayo without charging me.  I have been to some burger places in the past that will charge you for extra sauce.  The BBQ sauce tasted like a Texas BBQ sauce, bold and peppery.  The smoked jalapeno mayo had tiny bits of jalapeno in it.  I do not really care for mayo but I could have ate that mayo all day if I wanted.  I ordered fries on the side.  They looked like they were freshly cut.  They were fresh and more on the soft side.  Some were cut really short but that isn't much of a complaint.I ordered a $6 shake.  They make their shakes from Bluebell ice cream.  The shake was a worthy investment as I ordered chocolate made from the Dutch Chocolate Bluebell flavor.  They top it with a cherry and whipped cream.My sweet tea though was not very sweet.  It was freshly brewed but might have been half and half at best.The service was great too.  My waiter took care of all my needs and I never had to wait too long for help.  The food came out hot and around 10 minutes after ordering.So Rodeo Goat has locations in Fort Worth, Dallas, and Houston.  When is Rodeo Goat expanding to Alabama? Rodeo Goat lives up to the hype of one of the best burger joints in America and maybe the best according to Rhett."}, {"review_id": "AJL5Hi3DTWLX4IYnwMq9sw", "user_id": "t503mLaX1A1f4qs_gLAGRg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "This is a perfect patio spot for spring in Dallas. This is right off the Trinity River trail, so it's an easy bike ride from victory park where i am. Plenty of seating and right next to Bowl Lounge if you are looking for a great date night or post dinner activity.Great burgers - so much selection! There are rotating burgers that go head to head for the popular vote. Everything on the menu looked great - we also got the fries (tots) with the surprise. The desserts are down home finger licking good. Goat balls, bomb. Chocolate pie, could barely put it down. There are a few games if you need to wait it out before getting a table. Going on a Monday night for a birthday dinner, there was nothing but seats."}, {"review_id": "4VvDzktk4q1kJFt3mE3r7g", "user_id": "yesQ8YQi6ZZy7qnUY1FeaQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Yes, I'll admit that we were immature enough to be first attracted to this restaurant by its name but we will be enticed to visit again based upon the food and the beer. Maybe that is just as immature...There is a good selection of burgers on the menu, everything from the basic to the eclectic with great homemade chips to complement your meal. And if you want something other than beef, you can choose that, too. One in our group even got a great salad, of course with some protein added. It looks like you basic cinder block building but the inside is comfortable, with a small bar area. We sat on the patio, which was comfortable and dog friendly. The weather was especially good for this arrangement tonight. We are in town only for a few days on this trip so we might not make it back here this week but I would definitely recommend it for future visits (and to anyone who lives nearby)."}, {"review_id": "YQ6UwhBonQ9emhOScH3D0A", "user_id": "Bco1WVVLtMz67Yi-ilJwsA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "What a fantastic spot to sit outside (if you want), enjoy a burger, and have a beer.This spot is unassuming but the food and service is fantastic. Between my friend and I, we split a steaming pile (look at caption for details), the Mike Rawlings Burger, and the Ranch House. Of the two, I really enjoyed the Rawlings Burger as it gave a different spin to sweet and savory. In talking to one of the waitresses, I would agree you really can't go wrong with any of the burgers. It just depends on the mood that you're in."}, {"review_id": "p_c28kSjkUwmplKGHLRghw", "user_id": "YcXxGuOywE67jMh9eKX4rw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/27/2018", "text": "Me and my buddy decided to stop here after walking along Katy trail. We came in around 9ish.There are pros and cons to this place. I'll start with the cons and end on a good note with the pros.1. It's not really family friendly unless you sit in the area with booths and tables. But when we came in that area was closed off. We had alittle one with us and the high tables were kind of scary. 2. If you're trying to eat healthy I would avoid. It's just too tempting. 3. Our server was inattentive and when several servers pass us by without asking for assistance it can be annoying. Now for the pros: The burgers were really good. If you're craving a good ole beef burger this place has it. - I had the royale with cheese and we also shared the fries no surprise and it's was really good. You can probably share the fries among 3 people. It came with some ranch dipping sauce and I love ranch. Overall pretty good burger joint to hang out with friends. I probably wouldn't take a business meeting or kids here though."}, {"review_id": "MZJEbYcrckVDwWE-OfenTA", "user_id": "EM8iHjBNJ5aF2xnNcIF8Kg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "Rodeo Goat has given me one of the best burgers I've ever had. I'm glad I checked Yelp and realized it's half a mile away from where I was staying. I wandered in and was greeted warmly. This place is a seat yourself kind of place during lunch. The sun was shinning so I decided to sit outside. I was alone. The outdoor patio is expansive, fun and comfortable. There's a sign that says beware is snakes that is legit. I realized then I'm really in Texas. I decided on the Brad Sham burger with the hand cut fries. My waitress was nice, attentive. She got my order in a timely fashion and was always around but not around too much. My burger came out. It was mind blowing. Perfect I would say. The fries were a bit over salted but garnished when parsley. I like that. Overall... There's not one thing wrong with my meal. I inhaled my meal and basked in the sun. I would highly highly recommend coming here. This is one of the best burgers I've had in the US. You cannot go wrong it seems."}, {"review_id": "rPQ40M4NAqc66PTnxcecwQ", "user_id": "k_lyLGp9yHCgkfirEYbeuw", "rating": 2.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "The patio at Rodeo Goat is awesome! We were so excited to try this place because of all the great Yelp reviews- it had been saved in my bookmarks forever. We were planning on ordering the cheese fries and a burger to share but were full after just sharing the Cheese Fries Surprise. I love cheese fries and was so disappointed with these. The fries were so undercooked, lacked cheese and the brisket chili just tasted like regular ground beef chili. The ranch that came with it was so flavorless as well- what a bummer! Not sure if we just got unlucky, but I can't say that I'd ever order those fries again. Seemed like they had an extensive menu for draft beer- so I can see this being a popular spot for drinks on the patio. Sorry rodeo goat, not sure we'll be back!"}, {"review_id": "iqH-u15Rt0fr2k0g3fY06w", "user_id": "he6777_VweHntxuVu9SR7w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "Great place to come when it's nice out! Amble seating inside and outside. The queso dip was amazing. The loaded fries were also really good. Everyone's drinks tasted strong. Would definitely recommend this place."}, {"review_id": "jWvmfzDZEv7Lqa_RovQelQ", "user_id": "rF6PrZqqmDq7qU9anQQUDQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "I really like the atmosphere here - very welcoming staff and spacious as well. Among the service the burgers are outstanding.. I had the Italian burger and hands down - very flavorful with prosciutto and the burger was very juicy.We also had the cheese fries which were great and goes hand in hand with a tall glass of beer.Looking forward to be back and a must visit when in Dallas!"}, {"review_id": "wljG0KJPuaVGrGk3MSyAfw", "user_id": "hnVtybP_baZ51--MZbK8Ww", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "The service was surprising good based on the size of the crowds.  We enjoyed people watching.  We both got burgers and shared fries.  Sharing is the way to go.  The highlight of this place: the amount of pickles they give you on the side.  So so good! Love me some pickles! The names of their burgers are too confusing to remember so I'll leave those details out, terrible thing to do in a review (I know).  Our waitress was great at recommending and next time we go we would both try different burgers."}, {"review_id": "UWDz4P0SA93EgClZe1qMdA", "user_id": "I5Yi7TVvjPymiAD56vcVKg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "Real good burger, plenty of choices. Fresh taste and big portion. Nice beer selection. Have to try the \"special fries\" loaded with cheese, chili and jalapeños . Enough to feed four!"}, {"review_id": "iqBC07QR_lCnBuw1VNFFlg", "user_id": "WbubJFe6S6-S-caE4DUFXg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "I think Rodeo Goat is a great representation of how a Texas burger place should look like. As soon as you walk in there's a large crowd of people sitting at high tops and music poppin in te background. There are games in the front entrance for you to play as you wait for a spot to sit. I'm glad I went to the bar which was self seated because I was served right away.The bartender was extremely nice as she brought out 2 samples of IPA when I asked which one she recommended. I chose the Real Axis Ale. It a light but fragrant flavor that sits nicely even after you drink it. I ordered The Mike Rawlings. I was expecting the burger to be a bit sweet due to the blackberry compote, so the tangy sourness was a surprise. The candied bacon definitely gives the burger a nice touch.Though the burger wasn't the biggest I can say it was one of the better ones I've had in a while.Service was very efficient despite the busy hour and all the bartenders were extremely nice and patient. I look forward to coming back the next time I visit Dallas."}, {"review_id": "LmwZmwnAViVf75aaJvww0Q", "user_id": "XePJjxRJPmou1Dm6XeY9yQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/18/2018", "text": "Loved the outdoor patio and that they welcome dogs. Sat quickly for Sunday lunch directly from coming from Lovefield airport.The Dapper Dawn drink was delicious and the Bloody Mary was ok.We really enjoyed the queso and chips with the various salsas. I loved the Cobb salad with my steak medium well. The cut of steak was delicious. Turlingua was fine and my 8 yr old just ordered a cheeseburger and liked hers too.Great music and relaxed atmosphere.Bathrooms were clean.Thank you fir first time dining experience!"}, {"review_id": "XIvF0-MjajzbAmmYs6B24Q", "user_id": "tgc4EiUhLO8nlws4Uy0fOQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/9/2018", "text": "We were looking for food in the area near our hotel and came across Rodeo Goat which was nearby. Interestinggggg and so off we went.Going in, it definitely did have a rodeo feel haha. Rodeo! We were waiting for someone to seat us. It appeared that the first walking section would be for free-for-all communal seating, while in the back, they had a few tables that you could choose from.Went for the White Animal, which had garlic-roasted cremini mushrooms, pickled onions, gruyere, and soy caramel glaze. ($9.5). The patty was good, and the ingredients meshed so well with each other. Mushrooms had flavor, the pickled onions were refreshing.  Excellent flavor and it was delectable. However the bun was eh and was lacking flavor and substance.Cheese fries no surprise, which was... filling. Jalapenos, bacon, cheese that came along with ranch and ketchup. Fries. So heavy and so bad for me. I'm really wondering what the surprise is because this was.... heavy. Very heavy. Missing chili though, but that may or may not have been overdoing it.Texas caviar which was a pleasant and refreshing surprise because it had a chickpea mix and a lot of tortilla chips for you to dip it. It's a shame that they don't have enough of the mix though because of the fact that they have so many tortilla chips. Bring your own salsa or guacamole lol.Service was good; they checked up on us regularly to see what we needed. It was also a pleasant surprise that Wednesday had half price off the cheese fries and so the price ended up being uber cheap for the amount that we got. So gouda."}, {"review_id": "DwH5ajxw5w0IBGQ9cp7Uaw", "user_id": "oyggMuo4OuTazCuAN6ayYw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/19/2018", "text": "Amazing burgers here! The sugar burger is really interesting and different so l had to try that and I loved it. They also have two special burgers every month who battle for the victory, each get a point for every time someone orders it. The inside is really clean and spacious, and the outside patio is a good size. Not the best spot for watching a game in my opinion since there is limited seating with a good view of the TV."}, {"review_id": "lka3F2dcqFDJMNMx-B3WaQ", "user_id": "I0qUNP9bMUNvlE7fWhvgsA", "rating": 2.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "Came here once while I was in Dallas and was excited for their food after hearing how everyone was such a huge fan. Sadly, I was thoroughly disappointed by their burgers. Coming from Austin, my burger standards = SoCo Hopdoddy standards. Don't expect anything on that level. And don't get me wrong, the food was not bad. It just didn't live up to expectations. The cheese fries were great though! Not the worst place if there is nothing else in your area to choose from. I wouldn't go back."}, {"review_id": "DTkKQ9ZQQ5f96jNxoYGxMg", "user_id": "WU37eI3PFubXlE95wDYD5g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/23/2018", "text": "I stayed in the nearby Design District when I visited Dallas and was glad to find an affordable restaurant that was open late, as some of the other restaurants in the area were a bit pricey. This place was actually within walking distance of my airbnb. I got the Chaca Oaxaca with all the sauces on the side due to my body's love-hate relationship with all things spicy. The beef-chorizo blend along with the egg and avocado made for a juicy and flavorful burger without all the sauces. I didn't even taste them, but passed them along to my dining companions that always crave the heat. I chose to take half my burger home so that I could sample the fries. I loved that they still had remnants of skin, were perfectly salted and still served in a prep bowl.If the weather permits, enjoy your burger outside on the patio. It's dog-friendly and has a great view of downtown Dallas as well as the ferris wheel that belongs to the restaurant next door. If you're looking for a choice of premium, gourmet burgers without the pretentiousness, go to Rodeo Goat!"}, {"review_id": "bZ9M82rJkatn8I5ORAU5ag", "user_id": "LHOl_EFU8P-kfKQ_7-8tpA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "When the finally got my burger right, it was really good. I ordered my patty medium rare, but it came out well done. Others at my table ordered various meat temperatures, but once they cut into it, they were all pretty much cooked the same. I got my medium rare burger as my family was finishing up their burgers, but it was worth the wait. Service was great and the staff was overly apologetic about my burger being over cooked. All-in-all it is a good burger... I'll be back."}, {"review_id": "DftLMRAeMubnK06xLJUsMQ", "user_id": "8ggij2sGskqDFEpxqEKVNQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/17/2018", "text": "Delicious, juicy burgers courtesy of a Fort Worth original. Happy to have a Dallas location off Market Center Blvd and I-35 (opposite side of the highway from the Dallas Market Center/Renaissance Hotel). When you think of a great tasting burger, picture goats jumping around in head strong intent (as I can only imagine a goat would do in a rodeo). So flavorful, packed with familiar and surprising ingredients to make anyone want another bite before swallowing the first one.  Halfway through my burger and I was already stuffed and completely satisfied. Menu is extensive. Lots of burgers (between $8.5 -$12) to chose from and even 2 Salad options if you're *that* guy in the group that goes to a burger house and orders a salad. None of the entrees/burgers come with sides so getting one is an extra and recommended cost. I got the Cheddar Burger ($11) which was one of their battle of the Burger options. It comes with plenty of Cheddar and a fried egg plus bacon. So good, Would recommend if you're a Cheddar head like me. Won't be disappointed and the fried/ over easy egg with runny yoke was a happy addition to an already great tasting burger.  Very disappointed in the presentation though, my burger was falling apart but that didn't take away from the flavor. My friends got a ranch house burger which was so tantalizing they couldn't wait for me to take the picture before taking a bite. Another friend got a veggie burger which looked divine in burger glory. Substitute beef for chicken, turkey, veggie or quinoa patty, all hand ground and formed. The Cheese Fries Surprise Appetizer is a must ($9.5). The \"surprise\" is the bacon which you can have on the side. Totally shareable for 5 people that  after having a few, you probably won't want to order a separate side of fries with your meal anyway. Would definitely get again. I was a little sad because by the time they brought it out to our table, it looked like the Cheddar had solidified making the fries harder to break apart. But still unbelievably delicious. They did give us two small cups of ranch so I would definitely ask for more up front if ranch is your thing. The steaming pile doesn't feed as much people but is equally delicious with an over easy egg on top of cheese stuffed tatter tots and bacon.  You'd probably only want a few bites though as it's pretty densely packed in rich flavor. Ordering a side of hand punched fries is more than enough for 2 people. Goat chips are their version of potato twisters.  Went with a group at 11:45am and the place was packed. Put our name on a list and were seated in less than 15 minutes not bad for a lunch place with a line out the door.  Played their ring game for a bit which is nice for waiters. Mainly tall tables and bar stools for sitting. Overwhelmingly a young adult crowd frequent this location. Good for groups. Ages 25 to 40 are more than welcome by their music choices which play from Matchbox 20 to Red Hot Chili Peppers. Lots of people with full mouths of burger singing and bobbing their heads to the music. Inside is kind of dark and cozy giving you that total night time bar feeling which Is convenient since they have a well stocked bar in the corner. Open kitchen so you can watch the grill masters at work. Kitchen closes at 11PM but restaurant is open till midnight. No available parking in their lot so people were already parking on the street and walking over.  Their parking spots are kind of small but totally doable so that comes with Plenty of jerks double parking because they're so scared someone is going to scratch it. (TANGENT: If you're that scared about someone damaging your car- you park in the street! Sheeeesh). They have a strict towing policy if you aren't a Diner so I'd wish they'd tow those customers who double parked but probably don't want to scare away business.  Definitely will return."}, {"review_id": "8PN8QLWvYm6FsEOPSklrqg", "user_id": "arzicWkekowFIyFAVU2tUw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "Taste and quality are outstanding, further details below.  However,  parents of young children and small eaters beware.  There is NO kids or seniors menu so it's the full size burgers or nothing. Adults, if your looking for that big memorable burger Rodeo Goat is a great place to experience. If you want something different from your regular burger,  I would highly recommend Rodeo Goat.  In addition to the wide variety of burgers, they do a burger challenge where they put two unique burgers to a taste challenge where the patrons can vote on a winner.  Fun to challenge within your own party. Another plus is the environment. Great patio and atmosphere for a brew and burger with friends in a more communitive seating arrangement.  They are also pet friendly which is nice, but can be annoying, so it's a good to know.  My recommendation - only if your super hungry.  Surprise Fries -  Hand cut fries smothered in cheddar cheese, bacon, and meat. That's the surprise,  most of the time it's a ground meat (beef or chorizo), but I've also had brisket -  winnerChacca Oaxaca Burger (Spelling?) - Spicy (not hot) Chorizo and beef patty, fresh avocado, and a fried egg create great layers of flavor that start with the wonderful yolk of the fried egg, then you get the spice of the patty that is freshened up by the avocado. The bun is just good enough to keep it all together and provide a simple flavor without being to much bread."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/rodeo-goat-dallas?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]