[[{"review_id": "OJ0Vg0F5Y63i_JES_JLyRA", "user_id": "M3J9xJXJ5H4czdjQz2b7UA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "The food is amazing.My favorites are the Crab Soufflé & the Ham w/ Gruyere Soufflé. It's a little spendy, but worth it in my opinion."}, {"review_id": "5NZFr0EqblQqwDETR-nD9Q", "user_id": "lI9dgMxPVgH_x1XTglndAA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "This place is just so charming! The little store/display they have, the fairy lights, the scrabble pieces on the table- I could live here.We started off with the very famous Marshmallow soup and it's every bit worth the hype. Creamy tomato basil with chunks of the softest cheese and drizzled pesto. Must have!! The rise salad was good and we mostly just ordered it so we could get a lil crunch and texture in while we ate our soufflés. I absolutely love how their menu has so many vegetarian options. More Dallas restaurants need to be like this. We enjoyed all the savory soufflés we got- the mushroom, the creamed spinach and the chipotle chicken. Fluffy, flavorful and filling.Big downside- We weren't pleased with the chocolate soufflé we got for dessert. The whole thing just tasted like store bought chocolate syrup. I knew I shouldn't have listened to hubs and gotten the strawberry one instead. Oh well, there's always next time!"}, {"review_id": "oI8KyekHhwrMnl3AvbBHYg", "user_id": "F8h-jVFO4IhhD5VL80PhPg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "Great place to stop by and spend some time with friends. This boutique like restaurant serves up some great soufflés. Though they're not exactly my cup of tea, I enjoyed what I had here. As a walk-in on a Saturday evening, the wait was nearly an hour. Plenty of time to hangout with your friends or family during the wait. They have a nice waiting area indoors as well as a small seating area right outside the entrance. The staff and service were great with kids and even put together a little scavenger hunt for the minors. A big plus on the service staff's ability to entertain kids. The food itself was okay in my opinion, not out of this world, but good. What they're known for and what they do best are obviously their soufflés. I've tried a few of their offerings and found most pleasant.Iced Mocha: It was in most parts a coffee with shavings of real chocolate pieces mixed into it. It was good and interesting to have the shavings and grit/pieces of chocolate in it. Not my preference of consistency in a drink, but others may like it.Grand Marnier Soufflé: Had a very strong alcoholic taste. I probably would not order it again, but I'm sure those that like their alcohol may really like this item.Bread Pudding Soufflé: This was awesome. Makes your taste buds want to dance with joy. It was not overly sweet, but you could sweeting it as needed with the sauce that accompanies this item. So it's kind of up to you how much you want to flavor/sweeten the bread pudding.Strawberry Crème Anglaise Soufflé: Lightly sweetened and super airy dessert with real strawberry chunks mixed in. Was not too sugary at all, even with the sauce added in. Smooth and delicious. I believe this is a seasonal item and not always on the menu, but worth a try if available.Chocolate Soufflé: This is likely my favorite of the soufflés they had available. It had a nice rich chocolate flavor, but somehow still felt light and not overly decadent. Guess it's because it's a soufflé. Comparably, to me it was like a lighter version of a chocolate lava cake as a frame of reference. More airy and less dense. Very good and would be my go to order amongst the dessert soufflés. Oreo Soufflé: As awesome as it sounds, I would not be ordering this one again. Ordered this one mostly for the kids, but it wasn't really all that amazing. It wasn't too sweet, but I kind of wanted it to be considering it had Oreos in it. To me, it had kind of an offsetting taste. Kind of eggy mixed with Oreos, which was a strange clash to the taste buds. Maybe someone might like it... maybe... I'm not really sure where I'm going with this one.Anyhow, great and cozy hangout place with some excellent service. Staff are friendly and helpful. Food is good, not incredible, but good. Prices can climb rather quick for what you're ordering, but considering the area and it being French food, I suppose you can expect a bit of premium on the costs."}, {"review_id": "Q4GySiDqFSbv8bSa1z_6iw", "user_id": "PNHJKKEt6HOxR9Ed-9pOjA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/23/2018", "text": "Last stop on my very girly Dallas sister weekend was Rise. I can't honestly say if I have ever had a soufflé before, but it was my sister's actual birthday and highly recommended so I was intrigued. For ambience they get 5 stars! Charming with colorful, customized tea towels ($20) on display and for sale, along with their fancy bread cutter. High ceilings and fairy lights compliment the dark open space. There is also outdoor seating on a type of sun porch. Waitstaff are extremely professional and attentive. While this could be a snooty lunch place for rich Dallas women, it's not. Everyone is very warm and welcoming. Now about the food. Each dish we had, from the savory seafood soufflés to the decadent bread pudding with sweet cream, was delicious. The aptly named Marshmallow Soup, a spicy tomato bisque topped with dollops of puffy cheese, is a must try and good to share as it's quite rich. I recommend also sharing a salad and soufflé. They may look light and fluffy but they are extremely filling! The mushroom one was a bit too subtle, while the crawfish and crab ones had a bit of kick. My only non-star would be the pricing. $145  (with tip) for a lunch for three no cocktails is just a bit too pricey for this Olympia, Wash. girl. So go there for a treat and share a few things. And don't miss the sweet little quote cards they pass out on your exit. Indulge and enjoy!"}, {"review_id": "q4F9Jp83JnL9fUr_IW3ROw", "user_id": "Ekp7bv1c2FjzR9nuH1uTFg", "rating": 2.0, "date": "3/6/2018", "text": "2 stars for strawberry soufflé. The decoration was very cute and romantic. The soufflé looked very beautiful but not tasty. I don't think it worth $12. It felt like eating bubble."}, {"review_id": "eev4TM36Ya-Q6ckOgLuTAw", "user_id": "ngVcXyYAIuR-BQBDiNLr2g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/25/2018", "text": "I have been wanting to try this restaurant for a few years yet none of my friends were interested. Today was that day!We arrived about 6:45pm and there was a 45 minute wait, normal for a Friday night. So we end back to the Inwood Lounge for a cocktail and discuss the movies we saw with fellow movie buffs.Try to form in about 35 minutes we received  a text and off to our French culinary treat we went.We loved all the dishes from the tomato soup to the rise n*1signature salad. A delightful mixed greens with pecans strips of Granny Smith, lite blue cheese and a savory balsamic dressing. Next we order the soufflés to share as an entree. What came out of the kitchen was 3 delightfully light and delicious soufflés; crawfish, jabon and gruyere cheese and a mushroom and truffle one.Desert a bananas foster and a fresh strawberry soufflé.Pure Bliss.The don't have a liquor license; yet the wine list made up for that."}, {"review_id": "TLpLZbcS6hdvxXQSR158lQ", "user_id": "1t9pHpZUokQCt8ihAG9JLg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/4/2018", "text": "Nice: The ahi tuna steak, while small in portion, was perfect in flavor and texture. The ambiance is cottage-like. The manager was stopped by gave us suggestions and told us a bit more about the restaurant which was nice as it was our first time.Not-so-nice:The bartender was pretty absent and inattentive. There were several gnats at the bar that kept us company and distracted from our meals. Given there wasn't much light I was constantly swatting, paranoid, a fly might land on my tuna. I  felt victorious as I swatted one down as it approached my soufflé. But then I wondered what would happen if I didn't see them- do the gnats just share in my meal with me. I was compelled to eat faster and as a result, rushed my otherwise solid meal. Pro tip:- ask for the regular wine glasses- don't sit at the bar- grab an adequately lit table so you can spot any flying intruders - stick around for dessert"}, {"review_id": "ZwXj3uQ-zosVyDylVXoakQ", "user_id": "W8dR4NRAPuW5J15c41HYVg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/8/2018", "text": "The best way I could describe this is if God took a fluffy cloud from heaven and folded in fresh ripe strawberries that He hand picked Himself and then allowed rays of spring time sun to shine on it and then, right before He handed it to you He poured straight love over the top. That is what this soufflé taste like, warm, fluffy love. Everyone was very warm and welcoming. I think I was the first customer to arrive. I got to sit at the bar and watch the magic happen.I'm so satisfied."}, {"review_id": "PhapdHCy8cunx-iWHt80Hg", "user_id": "l5UxVWZlqaaa5hQCAlrA0A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/31/2018", "text": "If I could manifest christmas into a restaurant---this would be it.I love everything about this place. The atmosphere is magical with twinkling lights, tree branches and garden-esque furniture with kitschy old world German decorations abounding on the walls. The lights are dim, and the charm is bountiful. The bread is plentiful, fresh, and served with mini guillotine like serving boards. And then there are the soufflés... both the savory and the sweet options are exquisite, with my personal favorites being the southwest chicken topped off with a slug of salsa verde, and the banana. Each type comes with their own smear, sauce, or other topping. And of course, don't miss out on the savory \"marshmallow soup\"( a big cup of tomato soup with cheese cubes). And bonus, each of these babies are a pretty big portion size, so you won't leave hungry!That being said, I don't necessarily think the soufflés are for everyone. And not everyone will like the soft on soft texture of these meals, and some of the flavors fall flat, not working well with the baked fluffy cavelike vessel. But, you have to take this as an experience, one that everyone should try at least once."}, {"review_id": "VjJYbnmQ0NPj9CnRuihg2w", "user_id": "JCZXjV7tq9140qNSCdM_Vg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/1/2018", "text": "I was only in Dallas for around 24 hours and this is where I chose to have the only meal I could have. I came here on a Sunday evening and there was no wait at all. Based off of some of the reviews, I was worried about the wait but I just called and they let me know that there was no wait. As I got seated, they gave me water and free bread and explained that I would have to order everything at once. I'm assuming this is because souffles take a while to make, but how am I supposed to know if I will have enough room in my stomach for everything? My waitress was super knowledgeable and recommended the banana foster souffle instead of the bread pudding one. She asked me if I liked raisins because the bread pudding one has raisins.I got the:CRAB SOUFFLE ($25)This is a seasonal item that isn't on the menu, but when my waitress told me about it I knew I had to get it. EVERY BITE WAS DELICIOUS. Every bite has just the right amount of fluff and crab and ugh... so good.... Honestly, this is more expensive than all the other souffles but very much worth it.BANANA FOSTER SOUFFLE ($12)At this point in the meal, I was a little bit full. I was eating by myself and usually I like to get an entree and then split a dessert with a friend, but you know.. I was here.. so why not just get a dessert anyways. This sweet souffle was so disappointing after my crab souffle. It was not even at all, some parts were sweet, some just tasted like egg, some were soggy from the sugar. IDK. After an amazing crab souffle, I expected more from this one. But.. it was still decent. I wouldn't get it again, but I finished it even though I was super full.Overall, GET THE CRAB SOUFFLE. YUM YUM YUM."}, {"review_id": "Z_vBBbhulsTygJWNxpO2nQ", "user_id": "YyvWg2ZqMmHu0h6w8gz9OQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "1/21/2018", "text": "The wait was 1.5 hours, but I kept telling myself that it would be worth it once we got to sit down and see the beautiful trees inside wrapped with Christmas lights - unfortunately we were seated outside in the enclosed patio right in front of the giant door. Our waiter was less than attentive and only came by to take our order and drop off the bread - never stopped by to ask how the food and didn't make even the slightest conversation. I understand that they were trying to turn tables, but goodness...after waiting an hour and a half, I don't think it's unreasonable to ask for another small loaf of bread to split between 3 people. I swear our waiter stared at us like crazies when we asked, but in our defense, the menu says something along the lines of \"you'll wait for your soufflés, but the soufflés won't wait for you\", so we didn't know how long it would be. Anyway, onto the food - since cheese is the main event only second to the bready goodness of the soufflé, I wish there were more of it especially since I ordered the cauliflower and brie. Bread and cauliflower don't exactly have a lot of flavor on their own, so I was really counting on the brie, my favorite cheese, to bring the oomph. My dad's opinion of the escargot was so-so. There were about 6 pieces of escargot in those dishes that look like paint palettes, each filled with olive oil that he didn't mop up because of health reasons, so there really wasn't much food. We also tried the bread pudding soufflé, but I found it too simple for how much bread I had already had that night. I should have tried a more \"fun\" flavor."}, {"review_id": "v5plzdIUMwK4EvZKGbbDAw", "user_id": "vsy3sEzVIBu03mzhtf103A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "This place is sooo quaint and so unique, it makes you feel like you're in someone's cute cottage located in Europe somewhere. Their soufflés don't disappoint, that's for-sure. We came here for an after dinner treat and ordered the bread pudding, chocolate and raspberry soufflés. All but the raspberry soufflé came. Our server messed up and rang in 2 bread puddings. However, the chocolate and the bread pudding was enough for a family of 3. What we did try was sooooo light, soft and amazing. I can't wait to come back one day and try more flavors! Had I not waited 45 mins to get in, 30 for the food and then not got what I ordered this place would have gotten 5 stars. But I was pretty let down that by the time we finished eating 2 of 3 ordered the raspberry soufflé still didn't arrive."}, {"review_id": "1C13uDiUyCgk0Phs88yYwQ", "user_id": "wrx5QHonkd1yxH9qt788QQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/4/2018", "text": "I really enjoyed this place, although I don't think I like souffles. The place is cute and the service was impeccable. I enjoyed the fresh baked bread and the french onion soup was probably the best I've ever had. I had the truffle mushroom souffle and it was interesting. Great flavor, although maybe a little heavy on the truffle, weird texture but I think spot on for a savory souffle.  It was risen and stayed risen the entire meal. It was filling and the flavor was good, but I'm not sure I'd order another one...maybe I'm just not a savory souffle person. I'd be back for the soup and to try a sweet one!"}, {"review_id": "oEQLw7uEioT_7hv_9OqkXg", "user_id": "6H40K6iKmP9LORYXqeO3qA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/14/2018", "text": "I love the whimsy of this place.  Such a welcome change to Dallas' overkill of haughty, industrial or edgy dining themes.  At rise, one feels as though they were whisked by floo powder into Ron Weasley's kitchen.  The souffles are divine.  So rich.  So.....darned good.  I didn't order the salad but the rise #1 salad looked great and the person next to me ate every last bit.  And the choices for the dessert souffles left me sad, because I could only order one.  I'll need to go back.  They did that on purpose."}, {"review_id": "04VZaqFKAEiAUjztRmuiYw", "user_id": "JJLq1TGP-0bDdBP0DkTpYA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/18/2017", "text": "Brunch extraordinaire!!!!Seriously, they have mastered the art of the PERFECT Soufflé!!!They start by bringing you out a fresh loaf of baked bread and butter!  Yummy!Jambon & Gruyere is my go to (ham and cheese)!  Flavor for days!!!  The Soufflé doesn't fall when you cut into it and stays full the entire time!You MUST get the marshmallow (goat cheese looks like marshmallow) soup (tomato). Amazing!The ambiance is a perfect girls brunch or romantic brunch!The service is ALWAYS on point!A tad pricey but worth every penny in every bite!If you've ever thought about it and didn't go you are missing out!  If the cost scares you then split one!"}, {"review_id": "gDlrdzWZBtYVpErL94W5NA", "user_id": "KZhGcadbHNZzJ5gOSdvmRQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/25/2018", "text": "I really love the Violet Soufflé and the Reese's Soufflé for desserts. The violet soufflé is perfect when you wants something sweet light and airy. The Reese's is delicious and my favorite it feels a little heavier because it's peanut butter but goes really well with the whipped cream it comes with. But I would only come here for dessert the food isn't that great. I got a steak and asked for medium rare and it was well done and terrible seasoning. The fruit soufflés are really tarty and I'm not much of a tart lover, but they're still good. The ambiance is really great, photographs really well. And when you leave they give you a quote which is really cute."}, {"review_id": "_M4BwOixV5OwSBxDu47b4A", "user_id": "_USHJUh6qSoobDDV3FqHwg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/18/2018", "text": "It's like stepping into France! We went for brunch and was pleasantly surprised with how delicious everything was. Very relaxing ambiance, and there is a dog friendly patio! Bonus points. The staff is friendly and informative. We started with pomegranate mimosa's, got the marshmallow sop; which sounds weird but YOU MUST GET! Marshmallow soup: tomato bisque, goat cheese \"marshmallows\", pesto.Crawfish souffle: light and fluffy, not overpowering at all. Escargot souffle: true to it's name, it is rich and delicious. It is everything wonderful about escargots topped with a souffle. Yum. 100/100 would come again and take everyone I know. This was a hit!"}, {"review_id": "VliUelhJ4qAlIZ-OXv0low", "user_id": "fLkpRXO6PHuEvYzITHaf3g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/1/2018", "text": "This place is am eclectic looking restaurant. Nice vibe with great food. Definitely a good date spot. Keep in mind that the Soufflés take time, so sit back and enjoy the wine!"}, {"review_id": "3yIBN5t_L32TR-gUBUFqxw", "user_id": "jBhl5uiPT2I3xVNvNsQm2A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/16/2018", "text": "This spot has such a cool, eclectic vibe for being located in a shopping plaza. I stopped in on a Thursday evening around 6 pm. I opted for a seat at the wine bar as I was dining alone - the bar is towards the back of the restaurant so it doesn't offer a fabulous view...just a window with a view of the shopping plaza parking lot. The bartender greeted me and explained the menu in detail, which was super helpful as I have never had a proper soufflé. I started with a glass of cherif which was light and crisp. FYI - they have an extremely extensive wine list! For a starter, per my waitress's recommendation, I had the marshmallow soup which in fact has no sugary marshmallows in the soup. It is a rich tomato bisque, mini goat cheese soufflés, and a pesto basil drizzle. HOLY YUM! I could eat this soup for the rest of my life and never be disappointed. Rich, decadent, and worth $10 for a crock of soup. I then had their seasonal crabmeat soufflé as my main dish, which did not disappoint either. It was light, and packed with flavor. To me it tasted like a crab cake in soufflé form. Definitely order this if they have it during your visit! You will not be disappointed. To finish off the evening, I had the sweet strawberry soufflé. It wasn't anything special, but I did enjoy it. It is basically purred strawberries in soufflé form. For those of you looking for a low calorie dessert option, this one is only around 120 calories for a large portion. All in all, I enjoyed my dishes and the experience. This is definitely a special occasion spot as the dishes are a little pricey (savory soufflés run around $19-$26 + sweet soufflés are $12). It would be a perfect spot for a date night with the dim lighting and whimsical vibe! The wine bar bartender is lovely, too, so pay her a visit if you're stopping for a drink."}, {"review_id": "UtEkJe3jMJFu7TJemm9Yyg", "user_id": "AtALJkdcYzuTt1n_6bgdHw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "Looking for good soufflés? Keep scrolling Looking for the best soufflés? Stop right here!Rise n°1 rises above all others in its class. The soufflés are always executed perfectly. Don't forget to check out the cheese cart. Yes, a cart full of cheese! My favorite dessert soufflé is the strawberry, with a side cup full of homemade strawberry syrup!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/rise-n-1-dallas?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]