[[{"review_id": "r3Lep7qCX_2cEYBYMNXmmA", "user_id": "cwWtKmvvirI5j7wtyvFtUQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "I went to Uchi for the first time this past weekend for my birthday. It was hands down one of the best meals I've ever had. Not only was the food amazing, fresh, and flavorful, but the service was impeccable. Mindy was our waitress and she was absolutely wonderful. As someone with a gluten intolerance, eating out can be stressful at times. Mindy was reassuring of all that could be accomidated to my dietary needs. Other than soy marinated or tempura dishes, the menu was able to be modified sans-gluten. Every single dish that was dropped by at the table, the servers made eye contact with me as they explained the dish and ended their explaination with \"...and this is gluten free.\" Top notch communication! I was able to have a completely relaxing and stress-free meal for the first time in a really long time. Oh and do yourself a favor and order the brussel sprouts."}, {"review_id": "CXj6S29fcCaFy-6KglGz6Q", "user_id": "4SWXres88CflmtERFgV9tg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "Life changing. I've seen plenty of culinary food on tv and movies, and generally dismissed it as pretty, tiny servings that probably taste weird. I've eaten at upscale steakhouses and they *used* to be my favorite outings. Now I finally understand the hype around this kind of food.It's the best food I've ever had, and has prompted my wife and I to start seeking artistic food like this. Every single bite was perfection, and I really enjoyed ordering like 10 things (everything is small) and experiencing a variety of presentation/flavor, as opposed to my usual preference of getting a honkin entrée and a side/dessert.If you aren't sure what to order, simply ask the phenomenal staff and they'll make sure you have an outstanding meal. Everything is amazing, so you really can't go wrong.We'll be back, many times."}, {"review_id": "PdVGT5FNPVrTYnALTJz2fQ", "user_id": "Tb4k7_xcPJLznpAuxy_KdA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "Best sushi in Dallas for sure! I find the fish to be much fresher than the rest of upscale sushi restaurants in town. A must to go during sake social (5:00-6:30) for awesome specials, especially if you are trying to be budget savvy. However, would spend the last dollar I had in my pocket at this place. YES, it's that good."}, {"review_id": "samItXEEEfcdwbNSf18tMA", "user_id": "bfr7K0y5LXxvI7XGZHtunQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Went to Uchi for the first time. Got there around 5:30pm for social sake hour* on Saturday, had no reservation and seated down immediately. Around 6:30pm is when it started getting a little more crowded. Hands down one of the best place I've been to. Hot rock, machi cure, foie gras, hama chili, hirame usuzukuri , fried milk-- thumbs up! And the kara kyuri drink its amazing, def would just come back for that."}, {"review_id": "RzB_A2qrgtATHzu67mRCpg", "user_id": "3z_Ls0kp689rDtxZCUDKTQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/3/2018", "text": "Hands down the best sushi experience we have ever had. We sat at the sushi bar and had wonderful service the entire evening.We started with a cocktail and then enjoyed a few hot sakes while it was sake social time.During our meal we enjoyed daily specials like uni, king crab, and fatty tuna.We also ordered a few composed dishes which were absolutely wonderful. I especially enjoyed the hot rock where you can cook your own wagyu pieces on a hot rock!The rolls we had were also great. There wasn't a single item ordered we didn't love!"}, {"review_id": "y56yoV20G-fJ1cVBiLvNdA", "user_id": "31cJ7Fwm-4A0SVFetaVa5Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "Went to Uchi for dinner this evening. This was an amazing sushi find. The fish was so fresh you would never think you were no where near a ocean. 4 of us all did the omakase. So we left it up the our server and the chef.  The whole dining experience was delicious!  The foie gras sushi was insane how good it was. The waygu beef in hot rock was tasty as well. All the different dishes they brought us to sample were all amazing ! Uchi is a bit $$$ but worth every penny! You won't leave this place disappointed. So if you live in Dallas or visit Uchi is a must try !"}, {"review_id": "HASWq8rPIV4aJl89DAYpYw", "user_id": "WrHCEpls59Uu4XNXNaK7fw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/10/2018", "text": "Wow. Uchi offers an incredible, thoughtful, and delicious dining experience from start to finish. The restaurant itself is beautiful, the staff is on top of everything, and they offer free valet parking. Here's what we ate:- Hama Chili- Karage- Brussel Sprouts- Ham & Eggs- Yuzu MasuAll of that was enough food for three people and we spent less than $100! Everything was so good. The meal was perfectly timed, giving us time to really savor everything. The plates are also beautifully presented, seriously, everything looks like a painting. I've had karage at other restaurants and this was by far the best I've had. If you like fried chicken, get this! It's light, the meat so moist and tender. You won't be able to stop eating it. The pork belly on the ham and eggs roll was perfectly cooked. It'll make you appreciate pork belly again.If you live in Dallas and you haven't tried Uchi yet, you are definitely missing out."}, {"review_id": "6aUMohUwlbeM8gNO-_pcsQ", "user_id": "_AHnESjA03iOCnKw0OLzng", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/17/2018", "text": "This was the first time I've been to the Uchi here in Dallas. I honestly had more high expectations since my boyfriend and I are used to the Houston one and we were bringing m friends out for the first time on a double date. Our server was absolutely delightful! Caleb was such a down to earth waiter and was thoughtful and kept it very transparent with us which is what I love in a waiter. His service was absolutely amazing! We were also suggested a Rosé to go with our dinner and it was exceptional. I'm usually not a blush wine fanatic, but the note of the wine was gorgeous and went perfect with our food.Now all good things out and done; my biggest reason for 3 stars was due to the food. The taste was there....somewhere hidden in all the salt that we had. Everything we had that night was basically heavy handed with salt. Even the dessert!! For all the times I've been to Uchi, I've got to say this is the first I've been to the Dallas area and it's the first where I've felt so violated by salt. It was a little disappointing since I wanted to especially bring my friends here to enjoy something like Uchi which we don't do everyday. The quality of the fish was great, but I just wish everything was chilled a little more, and was less salted. By the end, the bill came out to $600+ for the both of us and we each had shared a 10 course Chef Tasting. They gave my boyfriend $25 for military discount when the one in Houston gave us a $60 discount on our $200+ bill with a few extra complementary dishes which I felt was very generous and personal. So as a comparison to the Houston store, this would be a 2.5 star for me, but stand alone, this is my personal review for it."}, {"review_id": "OSkLEUunpCwe7QlrdEEUzw", "user_id": "NzVyhONQ5naUYjQEVYJLZQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/3/2018", "text": "Food: 4.5/5Service: 5/5Atmosphere: 5/5Value: 4/5-----This place is incredible, and I think it really lives up to the hype! In my opinion, the best approach to this place is to go big or go home. I think some of the top-cost options are the most worth it, as you're getting a better overall experience. I've never been here for happy hour, but I'm sure it's worth it as well.We did the off-menu omakase, and we told our server what ballpark we wanted to pay for our meal, what some of our likes/dislikes were, and they figured out the rest. The fish quality is incredible, and the flavors were all very nuanced and bright. They have a great wine/cocktail selection, and great service at every turn. They explain the best way to enjoy each of the dishes they bring to the table, which I definitely appreciated. They did bring out a dish on the house in the middle which was filling (a mushroom vinaigrette fried rice) but I didn't tasted very good, so I think that did detract from it a bit, but overall, a great way to celebrate the end of the year. Will definitely be back for other special occasions!"}, {"review_id": "K04vjb2SXUfZ-iE4-BHbXw", "user_id": "tjWAig96PU8SMzAQigUC8g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/12/2018", "text": "I took my boyfriend here for his birthday. The scallops, the duck, sea-urchin, and everything off from that sashimi list will never do you wrong. The hot stone was also very good. We end up with the fanatics dessert, their famous fried milk. If you a big fan of sashimi, this is a place to be. I only try 1 roll here but i would perfect the sashimi over the rolls. The atmosphere is very warm and nice for a couple night out. Highly recommended reservations.Hint: when eating sushi, use your hand to pick up the rolls instead of the chopsticks. And no need the soy sauce their food taste just right."}, {"review_id": "L1nuCwtJ68Bfx7PfPQZsDQ", "user_id": "8ghlDOGFXTxTwLyKbTikAQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/26/2018", "text": "Our experience at Uchi was phenomenal! We went for my dad's birthday and we asked our waitress for her recommendations and to just bring out whatever she felt we would enjoy. We had about 15 dishes to share, and we were very full by the end. Some of the dishes, I thought was a little too salty, but that's personal preference. Each dish was brought out and the server explained what it was composed of and how to eat it to maximize flavor. I would say expect very unique dishes - this is not the typical \"sushi\" you would imagine (you will not find soy sauce, wasabi, spicy mayo).Our waitress recommended a pairing of the dessert wine and duck liver - we were amazed at how well it went together. At the end, the cost ended up about $50 per person, which wasn't bad considering this is Uchi and we all had a great time and were very full towards the end. We also went during happy hour (which is DAILY!), which helped with costs.This place has great servers, amazing food, great atmosphere, and what's even better is they offer complimentary valet (since it's probably very hard to find parking on busy nights)."}, {"review_id": "e-MHsKsFzxu3BeK-mFa06g", "user_id": "GN1Z4kG8oqc21EX9OWOs8Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/3/2018", "text": "If you are looking for traditional Japanese food, then Uchi isn't the right place.  But if you are looking for a slight Texas twist to Japanese dining done in a tasteful way then saddle up to the sushi bar here.  I've had a number of very very good meals here.  I don't come here from classic Japanese dishes, because those are available for much less at other Japanese establishments around town.  Don't get me wrong, the classic stuff is done well here, but it's just pricey.  However, the chefs here execute some pretty interpretive things on their cool and hot tastings menu and most of them are done well.  Also, their miso panna cotta might be one of the best desserts in town.Their sake social hour is the best happy hour in town.  Good value on wines, cocktails and sake and you can also have a full dinner on their happy hour tasting menu.  The yellow tail and tamari roll is my favorite.  Simple, fresh and a strong umami undertone.  The crudo served on a fried yucca chip is also very very well done.  Many tasty options on this small bar menu.  If I was to rate Uchi on their HH alone, it would be 5 stars.The scene here is very trendy, but it is lively but not too loud.  The space is well done.  Think modern and clean Japanese aesthetic and decor."}, {"review_id": "Db8XGXVJd5XiuKvRdV3Wxg", "user_id": "6H9g6agwpmiHG8ZYgBJq5w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/2/2018", "text": "Came here for a birthday dinner with some girl friends and it was great.The quality of the fish and good in general is top notch and the service is great too. The hot stone wagyu steak did not disappoint! The slices of wagyu steak were truly melt in your mouth good. The Brussels sprouts are a hidden gem on the menu. They are amazing!Would highly recommend getting here for happy hour! They have some great sushi deals.All slices of fish were delicious. Salmon is always a personal favorite, but the eel and foie gras nigiri pieces were a great way to finish the meal. The fried milk was a good dessert to top it all off."}, {"review_id": "xzMatc4G8spZZQNvahu3_Q", "user_id": "hNc9ICYav-FcOkcKaGBZDw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/10/2018", "text": "Apparently the statement \"everything is bigger in Texas\" really does apply to everything - including their sushi restaurants. My friend and I decided to split the 6-course omakase and order the machi cure appetizer and scallop nigiri à la carte. It ended up being the perfect amount of food - and man, was the food good.My friend's favorite dish, the machi cure appetizer, consists of four elegant, ribbon-shaped yucca chips topped with yellowtail, Asian pear, and almonds and stacked atop each other. At $18, it's a pricey appetizer, but the combination of different textures and flavors pulled from Southwestern American and Japanese cuisine was wholly unique, and the portion size was fairly generous. My favorite was the hama chili - sliced yellowtail (guess we just really like yellowtail) garnished with birds eye chili atop delicately sweet orange slices, served with ponzu sauce. I've never had a dish like that before, and it was just such a refreshing, new combination. As part of our shared 6-course tasting (~$95), we also received the pork rib with apple butter (succulent and full of flavor), a sushi roll (surprisingly the weakest dish - I can't remember what was in it), a lovely, perfectly cooked piece of escolar in ponzu sauce, and sake toro and hamachi (yellowtail dish #3) nigiri, both of which really showcased the fattiness and freshness of the fish. We then added on the scallop nigiri - my god. I don't know what they do to it, but it was the best scallop nigiri I've ever had, and possibly one of the best bites of food I've ever had. For dessert, we ended with the fried milk, which is Uchi's most popular dessert. The dessert is plated beautifully, but still manages to taste better than it looks - the way the chocolate mousse melded with the ice cream and the chocolate cake crumbs was indescribably good. The fried milk balls were crispy on the outside, and when popped, they coated the tongue in warm, perfectly balanced salty-sweet liquid. (My friend literally shed a tear - maybe we were a bit drunk after enjoying the sake social deals but it really was that good). The beauty of Uchi's menu is its innovative marriage of American flavors and Japanese culinary technique. Their strongest dishes were the ones that included a twist, while the only dish of the evening that we didn't love was the fairly traditional sushi roll. I also love that they allow diners to split the omakase - we got to sample what the chef wanted to share with his diners as well as a few dishes that caught our eye, and left perfectly content. There are so many other interesting items on the menu I want to try, I look forward to stopping by again next time I'm in Dallas."}, {"review_id": "pKqhDUn3oIW3Ofx6nHpB0A", "user_id": "825BDctjJVnLPc0CTcnruw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "WARNING: You'll never be the same after eating here.I discovered this place on Yelp while searching for places to eat in Dallas.  I would suggest to make a reservation if you're with a group because they are busy every night of the week.  Although waiting for a table is NOT at all unpleasant.  They have dedicated staff who attends to those waiting for a table.  There's an outside patio where you can sit and sip a cocktail while you wait.  If you want a cocktail they can get it for you without you having to go to the bar.  They also come around with tasting samples.I've sat at the sushi bar when I came here.  I love how you can interact with the sushi chefs.  They have happy hour which they call sake social which starts at 5 to 6:30.  They have daily specials which includes fresh fish flown in that day.  On there menu, they offer Omikase style (chef's tasting).  I used to request a seat at Chef Ahn-san's station when he was working there.  I believe he moved to another location.  But I would tell him what I like and don't like and he would prepare a course depending on my tastings.  When you're here NEVER ask for soy sauce.  YOU DON'T NEED IT!!!  You have to eat the dish the way it's prepared and you won't regret it.  Don't forget to save room for dessert, they are pretty awesome.You can't go wrong with anything that you order from the menu.  I haven't had anything I didn't like.I can keep going with this review and tell you how much I love this place.  I'm drooling just thinking about it.  But you should just take my word for it and try it for yourself.  I wouldn't even go to Nobu.  Nobu who?!  This is waaaay better than Nobu.Disclaimer: I am in no way sponsored by Uchi to write this review.  I love sushi and I would fly to Dallas just to come here and eat. I live in SC and I wish they would open one here....  I'm still waiting and hoping...."}, {"review_id": "pKP3511Izgt88tjUveJ5SQ", "user_id": "2Q_1kMY9QPjaGmVAjcGgCg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "11/22/2017", "text": "So a good friend of mine was generous enough to give me a gift card to Uchi as he knows i am a die hard sushi person. I was beyond thrilled  to spend the card and even better, trying it at a new establishment.My experience though is mixed.  There were no issues with getting a reservation to the restaurant and we were able to get in that same evening.Uchi is situated in trendy Turtle Creek area and parking is plentiful as long as you don't mind valet. As we enter, the host staff quickly welcomed our party and sat us at our table with a great view of the sushi bar. Our server came by who had a pleasant demeanor and a vast menu knowledgable gave us a brief tour and explained the different types of Sushis, Appetizers, and hot and cold items offered on the menu. There were a lot of unfamiliar and untraditional items that I have never before seen so it certainly caught my interests.  My party and I ordered the Shag roll which is made with Tempura, Salmon and Avocado.  We also wanted to try the Spicy Crunchy Tuna so ordered a few of those.  In addition, we had to try the Biendo sushi which has Tempura Shrimp.  You can tell we don't love Tempura at all! jkOur items quickly arrived and from a presentation perspective, i was impressed with the use of colors and sauce. However, from a taste standpoint, the sushi was nothing extraordinary.  In fact, I have had better sushi elsewhere and the portions were really small.  The decor however was striking!!! Dark hardwood interiors with pendant lighting and the center piece is the kitchen/bar filled with busy sushi chefs making sushi by order. It felt incredibly intimate, modern and sexy.  Ideal place for weekend dates with your significant other or classy enough for a professional work function.  Drink menu is eclectic albeit no spirits are available. So if you like a Vodka or Tequilla with your meal, it's not an option. Highly disappointed! Overall assessment: Trendy new sushi restaurant offering a sophisticated decor and high quality sushi and wines.  Phenomenal service to match. Ideal for special occasions when you want to impress your guests! Be sure to bring your Amex!"}, {"review_id": "aX38AJUjj9cnSs6i2-_uBg", "user_id": "eIa4QJXp5ZNmuFORnuPvDA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/6/2017", "text": "What a fantastic meal here. Everything here from the design to the service to, of course, the food, was such good quality. We were full but not bursting, our palates in a dizzy from the exposure to such unique combinations. RESERVATIONS: Made at midnight exactly 30 days in advance, online. I had one meal free on Dallas to go here and I had to get that table! SERVICE: Incredibly friendly, professional, and patient. Great recommendations too! When our last entree came out, we found we had room for one more savory dish and wanted to order the Pork Rib, which our server had recommended earlier. However, it would have taken 45 minutes, so we decided not to get it (yes, our server could have mentioned that when he first made the recommendation, but not a big deal). They felt so bad that they comp'ed one of our desserts! That came as a complete, and very nice, surprise to us.THE COST: $172.12 before tips for dinner for two: 4 drinks, 5 dishes, 2 desserts. Pricey but definitely worth it for a special occasion!MUST-HAVES: Aki Ringo cocktail. Brussels Sprouts. Miso Panna CottaCOCKTAILS* Kara Kyuri ($11) - 4.5 starsA great light/refreshing cocktail.* Aki Ringo ($12) - 5 starsOmg this was so good! The little things from the sprig of rosemary to the autumn flavors and hint of spicy. Fantastic! I told my server it would be hard to top the Kara Kyuri and yet they somehow managed. FYI this is on the sweet side, though more because of the apple, and definitely has less kick than the ginger/jalapeno in the Kara Kyuri.DAILY SPECIALS* Miso Halibut ($22) - 3.5 starsGood, very flaky texture, with a perfect, even, thin crust. Otherwise not as much wow-factor as other dishes!COOL TASTINGS* Hirame Uzusukuri ($16.50) - 4 starsNicely done & simple. Very fresh & soft fish. * Maguro & Goat Cheese ($18.50) - 4.5 starsDefinitely a \"wow\" dish, great presentation. Fresh soft tuna, good experimentation of flavors/textures.AGEMONO* Brussels Sprouts ($7.50) - 4.5 starsFantastic as always. Crisped edges, soft to bite, sharp sweet/savory/sour flavor.SUSHI & SASHIMI* Gyutoro Nigiri (72-hour short rib, $10 each) - 4 starsHeavenly soft, definitely for the steak connoisseurs. For me, it was good but I found myself unsure if it was worth a $10 bite of food.  MAKIMONO* Shag ($12.50) - 4 starsGood! Love the soft yet crisp tempura around the roll. Perfectly cooked soft rice.DESSERT* Japanese Cheesecake ($9) - 4.5 starsLovely soft texture, great callback to the autumn theme. And I dont usually like sorbet but this one was smooth and rich. Just an all-round excellent dessert. * Miso Panna Cotta ($9) - I didn't think it could do better than the cheesecake but this easily was! Though both desserts together had a multiplicative positive effect. I loved that this was served in the jar, and I swear this was the smoothest, silkiest panna cotta I've ever had. I couldn't have enough of the coconut and barley. Excellent!"}, {"review_id": "EOtmFfSvt8dbx9SkJFmQaA", "user_id": "1_yeQrMtdWsM5hmAcWZlMw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "Last night I had the BEST sushi I've ever had in my life. We split the omakase and every single roll, dish, and dessert was absolutely delicious. Not to mention the great ambiance of the place. Definitely will be going back next time I have the chance!"}, {"review_id": "RO9wnn7wBfOFhs29HS5dAA", "user_id": "Whqvj9h6Rye5A_YsclNj_A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/19/2018", "text": "Pricey for sure but the quality and flavors are unmatched. I highly recommend making a reservation as it's always busy. The service is fast and incredibly knowledgeable. Even if you don't like raw fish there is something for everyone at Uchi. And if nothing else, the cocktails are fantastic! :)"}, {"review_id": "-rUb6zFRWjovTcUFiI6r_Q", "user_id": "sZZS9JnR6r2fYjdHp_czIg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/16/2018", "text": "Where do I begin? Easy to spot, Valet everyday. Coat Check at the hostesses podium. With reservation we were seated within just a couple minutes. We were seated at the bar which is where we prefer. Our waiter was on us like white on rice! He was always there to make sure we didn't go without anything! They have purse hooks, and crafty holders under the bar for menus for maximum space. We had the honor of \"Omakase by Jamie\". Very friendly chef and a great aptitude for his customers and what they want. We just told him how much we wanted to spend and he went to town. So much better than ordering from the menu. I will do my best to try and figure out how many courses we had (probably 10) but there was so much sake involved! First we had the Walu Walu soup it was a great start to the meal because when you first get there you're ready to start so having a fuller soup helped. Also was so refreshing to have the citrus as an entrance.Ahi tuna and watermelon. We never saw it on the menu but the compliments of the watermelon really really came together nicely. The thai chilis also made each bite perfect!Hamachi chili w/ yucca, mandarins, and ponzu sauce. I cannot explain this dish much better than whoever created this dish was genius. It all came together and reminded me of something I would find in Thailand possibly. The mix of the fruit, savory ponzu, and fresh Hamachi was very beautiful, mesmerizing, and unforgettable.Pork Belly Sushi. A great filler in between raw fish. Sometimes you can have a dozen sashimi but you're not satisfied. You will leave satisfied! Simply put pork belly had crisp on the outside which acted like a tempura in the roll. Great roll and creative. If you enjoy pork belly don't miss this dish.Machi Cure Yellowtail with pear. This was a waiter favorite and I am glad we tried. Easily one of the most creative and interesting combinations. I'll leave it to you to just try It when you come.I cannot remember the name of this dish but it was a cooked white fish with yogurt sauce, dill, lime zest, and leeks. I wanted to stick it under the immersion blender and drink it, it was so full of flavor!  A pretty typical flavor content but the leeks sure stood out.The wagyu short rib sushi was to die for! I am quite familiar with the sous vide process and I will be TRYING to recreate this. The beef was full of flavor, soft, tender, and super aromatic. I could get fat on those. Japanese Uni, very tender, easy to take in if you are not a weird fish fan. It does not taste the way it looks. The Uni was hardly fishy and complimented with seawed.Fried Chicken \"nuggets\" in a sweet ponzu sauce it was so crisp, flavorful, and fulfilling to any chicken addict. Definitely the best fried chicken I've ever had. The proportions of the crispy vs chicken was everything. Foie Gras. Not only was this the finale of sushi it was the best. My first experience having it and hearing of the unforgettable process. But hat poor duck gave It justice. He did not die for nothing! He showed me how tasty he can be without the dry and tough meat they have. Dessert was the fried milk and the cheesecake that looks like a block of butter. Both were very satisfying as sweets and were worth ordering. My favorite was definitely the cheesecake with guava sorbet. I am buying an ice cream attachment for my kitchen aid just so I can recreate this. You can't find it anywhere but here. My whole experience was magical, yes pricey but unforgettable. The chefs are very professional and organized. They also know how to get your attention and keep it. Other sushi restaurants just can't compare. Why even try to find another place?"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/uchi-dallas?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]