[[{"review_id": "VYQbJIkdaTm_noGF3zrSfQ", "user_id": "2jCrH48LDG4c3ja4CLh0qg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "Have you ever had those moments thinking about what your last meal would be? From appetizer to dessert? Shoot even the bread that is served at your table... Well I have and I have to say Bliss is one of my top contenders.Not only is the atmosphere divine and intimate inside, but by-golly the outdoor patio will have you falling in love at first sight. It really does feel like your dining in another city. The service here is great and every time I have dined here it HAS ALWAYS been a splendid time. The staff is so accommodating and courteous and they're so mindful of your dietary needs.If you're a fan of charcuterie boards then you are required by the laws of meats and cheeses to order a spread here. They have some of the best selections in my opinion and the fresh figs and honeycombs makes it that much better. Your server will be super insightful to answer any inquiries and give you a reminder on the gnodes and flavor palette each one carries. You can build a small or large spread and decide on which ones you want to indulge in.Two of my favorite dishes to have an anxiety attack when deciding to over are their scallops and braised short ribs. Each one is set with their own flavor palette but hot-dang are they delish! The grits with the scallops are so good, and I do recommend this dish if you're wanting something on the lighter side. I loved the short ribs; however, those honey glazed carrots and mashed potatoes are so damn good. I could have a whole plate of simply that with their honeycomb and figs with bread and I'd be just as happy.Their wine selection is great and I do recall them allowing you to bring in your own liquor (they serve been and wine here) for a small fee. I always forget this part though every time I go lol.You'll see and understand why Bliss has a loyal following and why many foodies come here when they visit San Antonio. The Alamo City is lucky to have Bliss in town. (heart emoji)"}, {"review_id": "HugL9c4quIFKFdLdPnk71A", "user_id": "YIMeEHUYm69m-Mqf-NjPHw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "Loved everything about Bliss.I was visiting San Antonio for work, and was lucky enough to have a friend date to a cool spot. She selected Bliss as a true splurge for our night away from the kids, and it did not disappoint!It has a very adult ambiance inside, which is to say it's hip and upscale and intimate without being stuffy. If the weather had been nicer, we would have sat outside on their beautiful patio, which seemed more casual than indoors.Service was excellent, from start to finish, with an attentive and knowledgeable wait stafff.And the food! The food was so good - scallops, shrimp, polenta, salad. Loved it all. Excellent wine list with okay-ish prices.Cool location in the King William district, walking distance to lots of other grown-up type restaurants and bars. I looked forward to seeing a neighborhood other than the Riverwalk.Overall enjoyed our Mom date to Bliss. With the family, I would definitely try to sit outside on the patio or come earlier in the day."}, {"review_id": "IdEZGWDJemCf2MKwIJjDqA", "user_id": "4aPWh0jgwxQSt_n177MN3A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/11/2018", "text": "O.M.F.G. My friend and I tried this place for Restaurant week and then I came a second time with my S.O. towards the end of that week before Restaurant week ended. It's a small restaurant that appears to be fancy (there were a few people who were dressed casual). Service is excellent and staff is friendly. el GOODs:-For starters: Oyster sliders, Japanese Hamachi Sashimi tostados-For main: Sea Scallops, Braised short ribs-Pistachio cheesecakeAll were delicious!The bad: -$$$Don't come hungry. It is delicious food that can dig deep into your wallet...for portion sizes for ants.A great place for a first time date night or special occasion. Will be back for restaurant week or an anniversary (whichever comes first! :p)"}, {"review_id": "up-WlDQpAwVufm0si8B4MQ", "user_id": "BoYpC2LniHJA_cMUVo9GDw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/24/2018", "text": "First time here after many reviews from YelpersScale1-5Food- 5/5Oyster sliders 3/5 - Not too much flavor, but the biscuit and oysters were good. (Not pictured)Hamachi sashimi  tostado 5/5 - this was a wow. The flavor explosion with the jalapeño and seasoning was incredible. (Not pictured)Branzino- 5/5 Grilled to perfection and sides great compliment Sea scallops -5/5 Melts in your mouth Service 4/5 - Service was good, not really blown away like \"Signature\" Nothing spectacular. Those Yelpers made it seem it was a wow in the reviews? Ambience 4/5- Casual ambience with the brick. Avoid table near the walkway towards kitchen area. (It's a 4 Top) If dining for two, request 2 top or 4 top away from the restroom area.. ***We would come here again and recommend!"}, {"review_id": "Fo0D6Xd3myIRb29nVNKWEg", "user_id": "NoEovvGJM8-VW_PIntWCtA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/19/2018", "text": "I went to Bliss during Restaurant week with the SO and we got the bone marrow, sliders, sushi taco, rib entree, and goat cheesecake! Everything was absolutely phenomenal!! The bone marrow was out of this world and so unique and flavorful. The sliders were filling and so delicious despite their smaller size. The sushi taco was made with fresh fish and packed so much flavor. The rib entree was perfectly cooked for that melt in mouth texture. The goat cheesecake was next level in originality! My mouth waters just thinking about the meal, and I do not think any words I write can do the food justice. However, I hope my words count when I say I've found one of my new favorite restaurants in San Antonio. I will definitely go to Bliss when I'm splurging or celebrating an event!The restaurant itself was flawless in design - with a combination of modern and industrial. The service was amazing too! I haven't been to a restaurant that served its clientele in such a respectful way in a long time. I would even go so far as to say Bliss has the best service and most polite staff in town. They are so nice and friendly to talk to and ask for help!"}, {"review_id": "3UMzJWFgsuyOaOHKg8iWXA", "user_id": "Pe1yOSygIRlaGB2k1d0beg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/30/2018", "text": "Good food and ambiance.  Smaller portions with fancy presentation, but everything was delicious.  I enjoyed the scallops.  My teenager said the short ribs were good.  Although, he had enough room to help my youngest finish off her chicken fingers and fries.  I'd recommend ordering a starter or salad if you come in hungry.  The French toast dessert was not a small portion.  It was truly enough for 2  or more to share.  It was also very tasty.Atmosphere is fit for business dinners or a special date.  It's clean, industrial modern, and the patrons were well dressed.  Ladies were in cute tops and jeans or a cute dress.  Guys in a button down and jeans or slacks and a button down.  Although, my tween and teen rolled in cut off denim and athletic gear and no one on staff blinked an eye.  So, no complaints there.  I felt a bit self conscious about it for a second though.Service was quick.  We had an 8pm reservation and were seated immediately.  I don't think I'm exaggerating that it felt less than 10 minutes for our meals to come out.  My children were pleasantly surprised by the entire experience."}, {"review_id": "Ao39RdPe6QmrLDC1xLzi2w", "user_id": "5w52gDGmCbS-Bpdv1XKHtg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "One of my favs in San Antonio. Nice ambience, inventive, beautifully presented dishes."}, {"review_id": "BkW3JewNv9ZNEhM40Jtuqg", "user_id": "k0vH6pqBwNWh81TxIslfEg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "Was in town to see \"Book of Mormon\" (which was wonderful BTW), and my girlfriend wanted to go someplace other than the Riverwalk and picked Bliss.  All I can say is that the food was excellent, the service superior, and the prices modest for such a great atmosphere and ambience. She had a which fish, I had the beef... both were excellent.. and with two drinks and dessert we got out of there for about $100...not bad! We will be coming back again."}, {"review_id": "qBZMdcMA83qT9turMxGhhg", "user_id": "RY9N06_9lwPb9hXY7dk60Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "Totally enjoyed Bliss. The weather was perfect for dining on the patio. Service was great. Waiter recommended a really nice wine from an excellent wine list. Had oysters on the half shell and sashimi tostadas that did not disappoint. Will be back soon to try out more of the menu. This is a great date night place!"}, {"review_id": "iOUI_0MQhMULKO2Djk-Y8Q", "user_id": "THhfBvFUj8IYEy5YZag8xQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/16/2018", "text": "Absolutely amazing experience....Mind boggling food for Texas...eye candy and so many flavors...WOW...I have to upgrade my home cooking...If you are a foodie this is the place..Terrific wine great atmosphere ( old cool brick building that is revamped) amazing chef and best waitstaff in San Antonio So our cheese platter was so incredible I would be proud to bring my French and Italian friends The oyster sliders where better then any we had at New Orleans and the duck was best duck I have ever had ( not my first duck... I have a certificate from eating duck in China .... one of a Billion)My advice.... best food in San Antonio that is not barbecue in your backyard for hours w beer and margaritas Friends .... this is the place to treat your loving spouse PS bring your credit card"}, {"review_id": "4ufItxS8QJW9EBk5yp89Gg", "user_id": "Trxse5nkXBQP4e_oVXX7UQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/19/2017", "text": "The food and service are always amazing. Great atmosphere to hang out for date night, work family or adult family to enjoy. Not sure I would personally take my young children to this establishment because it is a smaller venue and I personally enjoy the quite atmosphere for adult guests. We've been here a few times and are never disappointed. The staff is always friendly and the food is always great. Make sure to make reservations as their seating is limited to ensure you can get in and don't have to wait. We tend to dine on the early end so we have been fortunate in not having any issues though we do try to make reservations.We've had a variety of their appetizers, dinner entrees and desserts and have always enjoyed it. Bar options are limited -- more of a wine bar.It's a great place to try during Culinary week as well."}, {"review_id": "eF3iAq0xs47IdSjQQtPILw", "user_id": "_66F0QcHLHQXVQjoiXll8A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "Excellent food.....portions too small for my guy, but ok for me! Service excellent!  Ambiance excellent...patio is lovely...Jasmine everywhere smelled wonderful!! A bit pricy...but quality was great!"}, {"review_id": "D1vJXCOieMDra_U0OwupFA", "user_id": "Oavbr8dUe96Ap75kSwHhww", "rating": 5.0, "date": "6/22/2017", "text": "Loved it!I came in by myself and didn't feel like the wait staff treated me any different than if I were two people.  So because of that, I instantly liked this place.  I wanted something a bit lighter for my appetizer and ended up getting the octopus.  I've eaten quite a bit of the stuff and have never had anything as tender as their steamed version.  Not sure if this will make sense, but it had the same texture as mozzarella.  Meaning it was smooth and creamy-like, instead of chewy.  Total mind f.  Then I ordered the duck breast and foie gras.  It's extremely rich but well-balanced.  There's enough acid from the vinaigrette on the salad that it cuts right through that delicious fatty taste.  The kumquats and grapes were a nice touch but the whipped parsnip and broccolini were definitely my favorite.  Overall, everything was pretty damn perfect in my book."}, {"review_id": "yWYh0ckWwXMD0rylHP6oKw", "user_id": "ylidjKyb_BAQakGCRl4wrA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/22/2017", "text": "Bliss has been one of San Antonio's top culinary destinations since its inception five years ago. In that time, I have become one of the restaurant's most regular patrons; you know you've arrived when an institution of such pedigree has a table reserved for you in perpetuity. Thankfully, Bliss's standards have not wavered since day one. The menu, inspired by owner/executive chef Mark Bliss and helmed by chef de cuisine Tony Hernandez, has changed gradually over time, with some items being reimagined according to season or whimsy. A crispy soft shell crab appetizer, for example, might evolve from a Cajun/Creole interpretation to one bursting with South American influences (e.g., a bright watermelon mango salsa with roasted corn). What never changes, however, is the quality. Perhaps the best example of Bliss's \"less is more\" philosophy is the whole roasted branzino, resplendent with crispy skin and flaky, buttery flesh. Served with side of roasted artichoke hearts, grilled zucchini, and white bean puree, it's a dish of bright, clean, simple flavors that compliment rather than clash. At $34, it's also an outstanding value. Desserts are equally inspired. Goat cheese cheesecake might sound offputting at first, but give it a chance; the slight fermentation from the butyric acid prevents it from being the cliche, one-note NY cheesecake found at innumerable restaurants. Another winner is the dark chocolate candy bar with layers of chocolate mousse, a sprinkling of fleur de sel, and dulce de leche ice cream.If you're looking for the perfect special occasion restaurant, then Bliss should be at the top of your list. Ask for Daria and enjoy an evening of impeccable service and food at one of San Antonio's premier fine dining establishments."}, {"review_id": "OGn6KqOFqWw25Mnmmd3WWQ", "user_id": "0G-QF457q_0Z_jKqh6xWiA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "10/26/2017", "text": "Truth in a name! From start to finish (we closed the place down last night, hanging with Mamacita, the resident gorgeous white kitty, on the idyllic patio on a perfectly crisp fall evening)... pure bliss!To be clear, if you're vegan and look at the menu, you may wonder if there's going to be anything other than plain salad as it's extremely meat-focused. But the chefs are food wizards who can and will whip up both an app (one of the best veggie plates I've ever had, with perfectly char grilled asparagus, broccolini, carrots, squash and a delicious bean puree) and an entree (the vegetarian enchilada without cheese) to please just about any veg head.This was almost a five star experience, but to offer a little constructive feedback, I feel they could make a vegan feel more welcome by acknowledging a couple options on the menu. There's a lot of us out there now, so I don't consider it an especially progressive request. They do absolutely wondrous things with vegetables! I appreciate this. That is, use of seasonal vegetables, rather than faux meats and cheeses. The enchiladas are loaded with vegetables and beans, have brilliant flavor and do not need the cheese, which is an incredible achievement. Instead, they are smothered with peppery arugula, which made me ecstatic. Priced at $25, it is a bit high, in my opinion, and if I had only ordered these, I honestly would have left still rather hungry. On the other hand, the vegetable plate features an abundance of veggies (all the colors of the rainbow!) It is the size of an entree. I can't even believe I'm going to say this, but... I think I would have been happy with just that plate and normally I find vegetable plates to be pedestrian affairs reminiscent of a 1990s wedding (yes, I was vegan in the 90s. It was a dark time for us). And their house made bread is LIFE (and vegan). Pro tip: order a side of Sicilian olives with the bread (on the Charcuterie menu).Marcella, our outstanding waitress-- we actually were wishing she'd sit down and hang out with us instead of closing the place down! She is the best server I have had in recent memory. Mamacita, I'll be returning for your sweet company and to enjoy another veggie plate under the fairy lights and stars!"}, {"review_id": "RpN_mYNDkEGnvR-3C53lxw", "user_id": "WBspqxCXFSuVuhNrYhF6og", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/16/2018", "text": "Oh yes, Bliss is my third place to go.  Great food and service . Never had a bad meal, and the best Halibut I've ever had, including the one I caught at life peril and had cooked in Homer Alaska"}, {"review_id": "xOOXf5YOuaSIQwC_YZKbcQ", "user_id": "_jy-41EMr_guhDY9bAxA-g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/12/2017", "text": "Delightful creatively prepared food with a wonderful energetic waiter who took care of us at Bliss. Started with small plates including a velvety mushroom soup topped with a touch of sour cream and caviar and delightful oyster sliders on tiny handmade biscuits.Entres were stuffed Lockhart quail, delicious scallops perfectly cooked and a rich, tender braised short rib dish. We all cleaned our plates.Dessert was a  chocolate flourless bar topped with caramel corn and a medley of unique locally made sorbets.Would highly recommend this restaurant for its ambiance, original and tasty food and attentive service."}, {"review_id": "2BhHVHiHg8E7Tatw06OfqQ", "user_id": "g2juRInfvARVA01wdB7Q-A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/5/2017", "text": "I finally got to experience Bliss on my birthday this year and oh goodness... it's probably some of the best food San Antonio offers. I loved the intimate seating inside and the staff was incredibly friendly and accommodating. Started off with the bibb lettuce salad and had the duck/foie gras as my entrée. My boyfriend ordered the lockhart quail. Bibb Lettuce Salad (5/5): Salad leaves were crisp and fresh! The jalapeno ranch dressing was creamy and complemented the tomatos, cucumbers, and leaves.Duck/Foie Gras (5/5): Oh my gosh. Okay I can't even tell you how AMAZING this was. The duck was so flavorful. It tasted like they marinated that bad boy for days. Gave a sizable piece of foie gras too! I couldn't believe it. I'm super salt sensitive, so the fact that they didn't over season the dish means a lot. Lockhart Quail (4/5): The stuffed rice inside the quail is genius. Two pieces of roasted quail is more than enough to make you full. Only complaint is that it was a tad  salty for me, but the sides that came with the dish were seasoned perfectly."}, {"review_id": "pmUvnpXiRyRVnB8-IyPDxg", "user_id": "tJGD_YYTltoOVbMdwj9CaA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "Such a gem of a place!  We sat on the patio and thoroughly enjoyed our meal!  We had the hamachi tostadas, pork belly, arugula salad, frisée salad, vegan platter, short rib and miso halibut special. Everything was delicious!  Our favorites were the tostadas, pork belly, arugula salad and the miso halibut!  Service was amazing from start to finish!  We will definitely be back next time we're in San Antonio!"}, {"review_id": "uDZ8iUxNK86vq_RT7xkZNQ", "user_id": "bBIsg912kX1mlk5ytnCi1w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/20/2017", "text": "Wow. Omg. Love.That was my reaction to basically every dish we had. My boyfriend and I had our late Valentine's Day dinner here and it did not disappoint!FOOD:*Oyster Sliders: 5/5. I usually don't like fried oysters because there's always more batter than meat. These were fantastic! The oysters were so meaty and fresh. The biscuits were fluffy and soft. And the brown butter hollandaise brought out all the flavor. Oh my. *Duck Foie Gras: 5/5. WOW, A MUST! The duck was cooked SO PERFECTLY, it was probably the best I've ever had. The foie gras just melts in your mouth. And the sweet potato puree was marvelous. The brussel sprouts were steamed, I kinda wish they were baked or fried but it paired well with the sweet potato puree. *Pork & Beans: 4/5. The pork literally fell off the bone. It was so tender and soft, full of flavor. You could tell how fresh the vegetables were, it was amazing. The beans were jumbo sized and actually tasted like potatoes. It was so good! *Fried Sweet Potato Pie: 4/5. They kinda looked like empanadas. The sweet potato oozed out of the warm crispy pastry. It was paired with a little scoop of cinnamon ice cream with bits of almonds inside. I wish the scoop of ice cream was bigger but it was great overall. SERVICE: On point. Our server was amazing! So quick and attentive. Our waters were constantly getting refilled. The boss lady even checked up on us to see if our dining experience was going well. AMBIANCE: Dark, intimate, and rustic. It was simple, nothing too flashy. I liked it. Yes, this place is pricey, but it is well worth it for any special occasion! Highly recommend."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/bliss-san-antonio?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]