[[{"review_id": "idGek38WEnB4rkP613M2dw", "user_id": "zl7kseOuAXj1XDMJ5wsA2w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "I don't give 5 stars often, the the BK gets one.  First off, if going on weekend or for lunch, be early - there will be a line.  Weekday mornings not so much.  And the line is for good reason.  Just outstanding food.  Now I've only done breakfast here, so I can't speak for lunch, but considering what I had, I've had lunch as well.  I have had their signature dishes, chicken n waffles and the catfish n grits.  Probably best ever of both.  Certainly these are heavy meals for breakfast, and not a thing healthy, but some kinda good.   Both the fried chicken and catfish are cooked perfect for me.  I guess they have some healthy options, just didn't look too close for them.And huge cups for the coffee. Huge.   Very family friendly. No alcohol.  Small outdoor seating if the weather cooperates. Not sure about WiFi. Parking is small so may have to look around."}, {"review_id": "OgIPCpisM5IlsdpFKI-NCw", "user_id": "R9Bh7ZOfxRNnllMA4G4k7A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/9/2018", "text": "I don't like bone-in wings, but man these wings are the best i've ever had! Not too greasy, very good in size! Larger than most bone-in wings. The line is ridiculous HOWEVER. The food comes out quick right after you order it takes less than 10 minutes. So you wait in line for 30, sit down and get your food in 10. So it's kind of like a restaurant without sitting down for the wait if that makes sense. The prices should be reduced... Waffles/Wings for $13 is ridiculous. Everything on the menu was pricey but i'm sure worth it. I would at least go here once, but not again and again."}, {"review_id": "LlhrsmMIETpVdDagPiAgBw", "user_id": "O18aCVcJlY2_HuNfySgLUA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "I went there three times. The first and second time was on weekends, i didnt get in bc i saw a ridiculous longgggg line. and no parkin spot! And the 3rd time i went there at Monday noon time about 1pm still had to wait for like 10-15mins to order food but forturnately i parked at their tiny little parking lot...My houston friend told me if i am a chicken n waffle fan this is the spot i must try.. I was so excited so i ordered their signature food chicken n wings...Carmel macchiato. The coffee blowed my mind it so smooth and sweet and creamy i just really love it  One star out is bc even though the wings r crispy n juicy... the waffle is too sweet so if you add syrup on top..eat the waffle and zip a coffee..I just feel like I was getting diabetes In all, i enjoyed the meal def the best chicken n waffle i ever have i hope u guys will serve shrimp n grits in the future. If so please let me know! I am willing to waiting that freaking ridiculous super longgggggg line and pay 20 dollars for parking and just give it a try! I bet it would be really good bc you guys r expert of comfort food(Forgive my bad grammar~'LOL)"}, {"review_id": "NmLesqyFNhpycRSt71x8fA", "user_id": "XDtVRePFYEcqh_WIq2aXyQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "Best breakfast food, hands down! It took me about 2 years to summon the courage to wait in the line that wraps around the building. I really wish somebody would've written a review on how the restaurant itself is cafe styled. The line actually moves rather quickly! You order and pay for your food, and take a seat with a number. The wait is not so bad, maybe about 20 min, so don't let it discourage you.For food: we had the famous chicken and waffles as well as the French toast plate. So impressed on how great the batter on the chicken tasted, and portions were huge!Staff was so friendly, and the restaurant was very clean despite it being so busy. They also have an additional parking lot, which is a plus! Definitely recommend trying this place out."}, {"review_id": "BdMDEIoiGi_M7oA8bdP6Lw", "user_id": "Hxp1deAhZWKF_Pv76fJqGw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "Whenever I'm in Houston, I make sure to stop by here for the Chicken & Waffles. The BEST I've ever had. And believe me, I've had A LOT! There's always a line out the door but it moves fast. The chicken is sooooo juicy/crispy/flavorful. The waffle is fluffy/airy and absorbs that syrup like a sponge. The sweet/salty combination is heaven in my mouth. Kind of pricey but totally worth it. The staff are very friendly and our food always comes out in a timely manner. You have to stop here if you're ever in Houston!!!!"}, {"review_id": "Wbx4cI_UDphPoGnq89XaNA", "user_id": "fyVSl_fjJQ5T86M0N87njw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "We were back in town for a quick visit and had to stop in again.  I must say I was concerned by the line around the building on a Saturday morning but it moved quickly. I had the wings and grits and my husband had the catfish with biscuits and gravy.Everything tasted exactly as remembered.  My chicken was piping hot and grits were perfectly cooked.  My husband equally enjoyed the catfish. Will visit again in June when back in town."}, {"review_id": "ZgW6_xHiunqr5zysfOG-QQ", "user_id": "Me8g75jP3JDQFcZRyx-uUQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "OMG!!! We visited Houston for 3 days and went to this spot twice! It was truly that delicious. The service was extremely fast and the food was amazing!! They hand you menus as soon as you walk in the door to get in line. Once you get to the register, you place your order and grab the number for your table. You pick up your condiments and choose a table. Before we could even sit down and get our butts comfortably seated in the chairs, our food was being brought to us. I recommend this place to anyone visiting Houston. You'll be beyond satisfied!!"}, {"review_id": "ElRSPERc2wrZ6CA1KguVWw", "user_id": "dhBxRg8KcOASzcEwd_boIw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Been there twice in the past 5 years. We think it's OK, not great, but services are excellent, not sure what reasons it's a Houston stable breakfast joint.We're not overwhelmed, but we all waited in lines, less than 20 minutes."}, {"review_id": "HUR4Kl5_U1f2hvL0_CYjcg", "user_id": "grcQqd-cSvvSxUo-EiFzpg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "I visited this location while celebrating my bday in H-town. I'm so glad that I got a chance to visit The Breakfast Club. The food was amazing. The neighborhood that it is located in is a little ran down. Parking is really limited as well. So be prepared to drive in circles while trying to find a parking space. Also, the line is wrapped around the building. I've never ate at a sit down resturant that allow the customers to wait outdoors in a line. The service is not your traditional service. You do have to order your food before being seated. Which means you'll have to pay for your food once you place an order. However, the food presentation is great. The food is also so very good. I would have to say that I enjoyed my visit while at The Breakfast Club."}, {"review_id": "axf4T3jL3UpyqB_EfpM2Sw", "user_id": "bBzLhYqnySWrD5BsA-4Vqg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/30/2018", "text": "This place was PHENOMENAL. I came here in a party of 2 at around noon on a rainy Saturday morning.Parking: The sheer number of visitors makes parking difficult but there are multiple available parking lots that they will list out for you if you call them! I personally got lucky and got spot in the lot adjacent to the restaurant. I don't imagine I would get lucky every time. Nonetheless, the restaurant does their best to accommodate and help customers with parking difficulties, which are inevitable at a place as highly-trafficked as this. Line: For noon, on a Saturday, the line was actually not terrible. We did have to wait around 10-15 minutes to get to the front of the line. The line does, however, move quickly. There is a lady that hands out menus ahead of time and advertises their affiliated cafe.Seating: You order the food at the cashier and get a number to take with you to your seat. For smaller groups, they let you choose to sit wherever (there were at leas 3-4 tables for us to choose from), but it looked like they were seating larger groups by helping organizing tables. Nonetheless, I would not advise coming here in a group larger than 6.Service: The staff was helpful in finding utensils and explaining how the place worked. Nothing exceptional really.Food: I ordered the waffles and wings. I believe they were like $15 or something, but tbh I would've easily paid $20 for those. The waffle is nothing special, just a waffle with a strawberry placed on top. They have self-serve hot syrup which was perfect for the waffle and the AMAZING fried chicken wings. The breading was salted to perfection and pairs well with the juicy chicken and sweet syrup. I'm definitely getting this again next time. I also tried one of their sandwiches which was delicious and tbh enormous.Atmosphere: There is very high table turnover because they bring the food out to you quickly. I anticipate they are continuously making waffles and wings and can chug them out quickly. It's bustling but I was really just busy eating to care for the environment.Bathroom: Okay, I only include this because the bathroom was exceptionally not great. I would advise against using their restroom if possible. One person bathroom per gender seems suspiciously small for the number of people that go in and out of this place.I paid $29 including tax and a $2 tip for a fat sandwich and fabulous waffles+wings. I can't wait to come back and give more money to this place. I would say this place is ideal for people just looking to get some amazing food. You don't come here for the service, the lines, or the atmosphere."}, {"review_id": "pFbyXWWhu_MfgV5c6Q4ydg", "user_id": "-Tg5YTEMbnYw3fQN99xKCQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/27/2018", "text": "Shocking!!!  I came and there was only 3 people in line but when we left the legendary line that goes out the door was present.  The lady who first greeted us was helpful and hilarious, we were sure if you set yourself or stood in line to order, the lady just smiled and said when in Texas do as Texans do....I said I thought it was Rome and she said well baby your in Texas. LOL.  My party ordered a variety of items, Chicken and Waffles, Fish and Waffles, Grits, Scrambled Eggs, Pancakes.  It was all good and the chicken, I don't know what they marinate the chicken in but it was very good.  The customer service was great, everyone  moved around the dining area and was very attentive to all of the guest inside.  Even when we left the same charismatic greeter made another funny comment, if I am ever in houston again I will visit this very good breakfast spot."}, {"review_id": "3llU7T5KQimloggBHATLZw", "user_id": "A5DZl1mMH-ZQ04LCT19ZHQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "Came here for Sunday brunch and I agree with all the other reviews..the fried chicken. Is DELICIOUS! I wish I had gotten that but the 3 star rating is based on what I ended up getting, the benedict. Before I get to the Benedict, let me talk about the goos things which is everything else other than the benedict. My friend got the fried.chicken and the chicken was tender, flavorful.and juicy and you get a lot of food. The waffle was good as well and a pretty solid dish. The French toast was also good and all the servers here are friendly and welcoming...I was the idiot who changed her mind last minute and decided to get the Benedict. The benedict was a decent size but I wish they could have scaled back on the meats a little and added some potatoes or fruit...they don't skimp on the meats. The only problem was it made the dish too salty and there was nothing to balance that out. The eggs were poached perfectly and were oozing when cut into but no flavor, the hollandaise sauce was bland and it needed some spices or herbs to make the dish tasty. The biscuit was very rich and the final taste in your mouth was a buttery fatty feeling with salt from the meats. My recommendation would be avoid the Benedict and get the fried chicken or the French toast, can't go wrong with those. Also the line moves by pretty fast so it wants bad at all."}, {"review_id": "zIPGTXv3n6D7svqEZz5OhA", "user_id": "McQWSLZV02qr1oYTjtPtWA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/7/2018", "text": "OMGGGGGGG IS ALL I CAN SAY!!So, My Girls and I were in town for the Houston Livestock Show aka Rodeo, and on the way to the hotel, my girls want breakfast. We stopped in here for breakfast and were met with a line of people outside and around the corner  My girlfriend tells us to jump out of the truck and get in line while she goes to park. Thank goodness they direct you where to park. The great news is that the line moved very quickly, about 15-20 mins. Even better, was that we were met outside by Miss Mary, one of the employees,  and handed menus to expedite the ordering process. Miss Mary told us a little bit of history of the 3rd ward and it's recent \"gentrification\" while we waited and enjoyed artwork on the exterior of the building. We made it to the cashier, where they took our orders, explained the setup - get your own utensils, drinks, napkins, syrup, etc. - and be seated where they direct you. Well, let me tell you.....This is THEEEEEEEEEE BEST breakfast (and after hours) spot EVER. Ms. Mary was the hostess with the mostest!! But the FOOD?!! OoooooMmmmmmGeeeeee!! Sooooo good! The chicken and waffles, grits, fried fish, scrambled eggs, bacon, pork chops, lattes, tea, etc. I've had a taste of EVERTING on the menu and it is literally the best food out, hands down. AND my Girls and I met the owner. He graciously came out to meet us and ensure that we enjoyed the food. WHAT?! That was some MOUTH WATERING FOOD (we ate there EVERY day we stayed in Houston) and exceptional customer service!! What more could you ask for?! Don't let the line discourage you. It is SOOOOOO worth the wait !!! Finally to note, they had a live saxophonist there on Sunday to serenade the patrons as we waited outside. If I could give this place more than 5 stars, I would."}, {"review_id": "rgr0eiok-d58vbJMK0YU2A", "user_id": "sKJxTyT0PGpzXolP8zIuvg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "Idk what all the hype was about. Ordered eggs Benedict plate they have and their hollandaise sauce was sub par, every dish we had tasted mostly of salt if that's what you're into lolStaff was very good"}, {"review_id": "q8o5DQsrHo9U-Gu1xVzT-A", "user_id": "_HlF1_dpaL3RAE8u8KoWUg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/30/2017", "text": "Wow, wow, WOW! This was hands down my favorite meal in Houston. There was a 30 minute wait in the cold rain, but I would have happily waited twice as long. WORTH IT. You order at the counter. My fiance and I didn't even think twice about getting the two specials here: the waffle and wings and the catfish/\"katfish\" & grits. After you order, everything is essentially self-serve - condiments, hot syrup, utensils, drinks, etc. are all at the front. There's plenty of seating so don't be alarmed even with so many people waiting.The food came out quickly and I was transported to food heaven. The fried chicken was the most well-seasoned chicken I've ever had. I'm honestly ready to drool all over my keyboard again just thinking about it. Honestly, I'll just let the pictures speak for themselves. You can't go wrong here. I'm ready to book a plane ticket back here just so I can eat at the Breakfast Klub again."}, {"review_id": "WVDoWZgQ_-iZ1472dKd95w", "user_id": "ZVFwdSz0DxwbOhy6RgISNw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/21/2018", "text": "This is Life! From Gail (the welcoming hostess outside the door) welcoming me with the utmost southern hospitality, in the Black tradition, to Juan, the dining room host making sure my first bites were beautiful, I give TBK 5+ stars.I got the two pork chop plate and was not disappointed in the least. I couldn't decide if I wanted them grilled or fried so the cashier offered one and one. The grilled chop cane out about 2 1/2 minutes after the rest of the food was was worth it it was cooked to perfection, seasoned well, fork tender and juicy! The fried chop came on the plate of cheese grits, eggs and homemade biscuit (like a cloud fluffy). The chop was seasoned \"to-be-damned\" (the highest honor you can give a well seasoned food item), hot, juicy & tender. Even though the line was outside the door, I got to the cash register to order within 5 minutes. However, it would have been worth the wait for 5 hours! Real talk!  The parking lot is small so expect to park elsewhere and walk it Uber ( joke but.....). I came at 12:15pm, the peak time and was seated (self seating) within 10 minutes of getting in line. I would estimate about 30 or more people in front when I came.The service is great, hospitality is superior and the food would be able to withstand horrible service and hospitality! I will be back to try the \"Katfish\" and wings and waffles ( both signature items). My experience was so outstanding, I wish I could give it higher ratings.Well done Breakfast Klub, well done!"}, {"review_id": "m7GyqvEq7aiC-Abl4YyuPA", "user_id": "gfdr_hQYgygCZLD_mvC2DA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "While in Houston I was searching for places to get brunch and a lot of people recommended this place. Let's just say I am super happy that I came! It's always crowded because it's that good. There was a line outside the door when I arrived but it moved pretty fast because as people get in line there was a worker passing out menus so you could browse before getting inside. I ordered the chicken & waffles. Once you order you can grab your utensils, drinks, & condiments and then sit anywhere in the building. They give you a number and they'll bring the food to you. That chicken was so well seasoned I didn't even think I was at a restaurant. Taste just like grandmas fried chicken! I'll definitely be back to try more on the menu!"}, {"review_id": "qfKXApevzROjnbhEQRXobg", "user_id": "IQBhCt21_NrwkiWcrysVaQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/19/2018", "text": "My first introduction to The Breakfast Klub was about 6 years ago. A friend of mine took me and I was so confused about why we were standing outside in a line to eat. However, after I had my meal, I completely understand. I was able to introduce some colleagues to TBK this past weekend and they were equally perplexed about having to wait outside. Just as I suspected, they clearly understood by the time we left the restaurant. You can't come to Houston without at least 1 trip to The Breakfast Klub. Even after all this time, it's still as delicious as it was years ago."}, {"review_id": "5TNxtcJrAU6hYRsprDQ7Mw", "user_id": "EJXUHkai6FLEIBTNpLx7BA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/20/2018", "text": "Delicious! Just be prepared to wait in line. I personally was curious before I arrived how the service worked, so this is for you Yelpies! You wait in line, order at the counter, get a number, and someone brings food to your table. Surprisingly, because of this method there were tons of tables open.Would I go back again? Sure! If I had friends in town. I just hate waiting in lines :P"}, {"review_id": "9OG4hc4s02iwRXAuGm-r3Q", "user_id": "YbLf1e_VeIeLD6ZRrBdOfA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "Great service, delicious food, beautiful vibe. Staff was warm and welcoming. The music was perfect, and breakfast blew me away. Try the chicken and French toast!!!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/the-breakfast-klub-houston-2?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]