[[{"review_id": "sMI734Ch9oa7vn2xluiVUA", "user_id": "ziiMYejVJAjbkRjSeAzrbQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "There is a reason that Gino's Deli is the only restaurant in San Antonio to make it on Yelp's top 100 best places to eat list. It's that freakin' good! My fiancé and I came at 11:45 and it was packed. The people working here are incredibly nice and since it was my first visit the chips and soda was on the house!It was a 25 minute wait for our Philly cheesesteak sandwiches. They have bench seating inside and it fills up fast but we were able to find a couple stools against the window and made a makeshift table. It was an agonizing 25 minutes but finally our sandwiches were ready. The meat was more finely diced than typical cheesesteak slices but I liked that. To me it soaked up the cheese and seasonings better. We left with full bellies and a repeat visit on the horizon."}, {"review_id": "jSemKLc6qvigEPXY--up6A", "user_id": "LCwDbeONjeBOUTbG_myIsw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "Quirky, clean, with quality ingredients , and a staff that is downright neighborly.   This place puts it's food where your mouth is; don't like it, don't pay.  The Philly would stand up in South Philadelphia, if there is an authentic cheesesteak this is it.  It has all the gas station snacks you love, but is not quite a full deli.  Full marks for personality and service."}, {"review_id": "bAjIy2aUVaMt2wEbeNEBoQ", "user_id": "hxskUL2i62hO7BpudGSESA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "Wow! Totally deserve 5 stars for a few reasons. 1. Philly cheese sandwich was hot and delicious. 2. They are first time customer friendly. They offer you a free bag of chips and a medium drink, if it's your first time. 3. The staff is awesome and continually checks on you to ensure you are doing okay and are satisfied. 4. You don't pay unless you are happy with your meal (dine-in). Im definitely coming back soon and bringing some peeps with me to share this gem."}, {"review_id": "dMl7Breg7Xg5iF6YHZydRA", "user_id": "lzYIHlsmFtqSOK9vK-KL9w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Must try spot! I had imagined a run down gas station convenience store and I was totally wrong! I love sandwiches and especially Philly cheesesteaks after I met my significant other.  I read great things about this spot so we had to try. This place is truly a deli with snacks and drinks that a convenience store has.  It's super neat with all different levels of seatings that accommodates your comfort.  There's a tv menu with all that is served and they take your order from there.  I'm not sure if it was because our first visit but the owner gave us a free drink and chips along with our meal.  Not only that it was pay after you eat and he said we didn't have to pay if it wasn't good.  The Philly cheese steak had a buttery light toasted bread filled with freshly grilled thin beef, peppers, onions, and melted cheese. I devoured the whole sandwich with no problem.  I'll definitely come back!"}, {"review_id": "4nz8M5l5a0f1rmPL9aF8wg", "user_id": "XuUa4-fCCuHBP9hELTxYAQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "I've heard about Gino's and decided this weekend was the time to experience it.  Early Sunday afternoon is a busy, busy time for this small kitchen.  I'm sure people hearing about it being in the \"Top 100\" has only piqued people's interest.  I know it did for me.  But I get the feeling there are very few slow times here.  Especially on a weekend!  The menu is sizable for such a small place.  I went with the Philly Cheesesteak, my daughter went with the Smoke Stack, and my son chose the Rabbi Scott Style.  Oh, and the chips and drink with your sandwich is complimentary.  As it was very busy, it took a little while for our order to be ready, but that was fine with us.  We were looking so forward to you after the reviews I had read.At last my name was called and I picked up the order at the counter.  Wrapped in glistening foil, it was like a Christmas present just waiting to be opened.  They all served on the same soft, wonderful bread.  My Philly has a good amount of meat, grilled up peppers and two slices of melted provolone.  You can't help but have high expectations when you open the sandwich and the cheese is \"stringing\" between the pieces of bread.  The sandwich fillings were spilling out.  I got a taste of everything with each bite.  The meat (not overly seasoned) was done on the cooktop just right.  Not tough or chewy.  Scrumptiously perfect!  My daughters Smoke Stack has a great sauce on it that I can't quite describe. It was extremely flavorful and done just right.  I didn't have a bite of my son's sandwich, but he was finished before we were.  Oh, and we were told by the person who took our order that if we weren't happy with the food we didn't have to pay for it.  You just don't see that kind of commitment to quality and wanting what's best for the customer.  I applaud that and certainly hope everyone appreciates and enjoys their meals as much as we did.  Everything is made fresh to order and is done with great skill and talent.  I was happy to pay for great food in a friendly atmosphere.  I will definitely be back to the area to dine here again.  I'm sure there are many other tasty things on the menu that I will surely enjoy!"}, {"review_id": "UNpAJsqow7upD5biZsZH5g", "user_id": "8w0uKdZFuAvM0mRjo_aZCw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/27/2018", "text": "I read about this place in the newspaper. Decided to go give it a try.  The Philly cheesesteak is legit. The bread is just like what you would get in Philadelphia. The meat and flavor is delicious. The staff were very friendly. In fact we were told when we placed our order, to not even pay for it if we didn't like it!The sandwich was fantastic. Service was great. I definitely recommend it. Attached is a photo. You can't go wrong with this place."}, {"review_id": "WUnmXbMmsxF_QTezzmdCoQ", "user_id": "k2RPYM69kQRKuVlK97H6JA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/30/2018", "text": "Best service I have experienced by a restaurant of any caliber in the city. No muss, no fuss, and absolute compassion for customers. The gentlemen at the counter will let you know they won't make you pay for your philly cheese steak unless you love it. I'll go ahead and spoil my story by letting you know my entire sandwich went down easy as a summer day. Gino's doubles as a convenience store, but don't let that deter you. In fact, I don't really want to announce any of this on Yelp because I know there will be lines here once people experience the efficient, kind service and delicious food. The sandwich is long and skinny on a toasted, buttered bun. I ordered whatever the guy at the counter recommended, and it was perfect. Hot peppers, a bit of cheese, delicious beef. Simple and no complaints.I loved eating at one of the window counters. No one talking loudly led to a really peaceful meal. No one even ragged on me for my terrible parking job (which I left early to fix.) When I went up to pay, I knew this was a place I would come back to. So, spread the word? Just...carefully, because I love the fact they don't have a line."}, {"review_id": "2x2MxM5-fZx5b-0Ij_dm1w", "user_id": "2-qk8ijAEjYszDZXwRmbQA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/23/2018", "text": "Wow, what a find. This place is absolutely as legit as the other reviewers say. The customer service is absolutely fantastic, and the product is stunningly good. It's not gourmet by any means, and yes, the atmosphere is strictly \"convenience store with seating added\", but my goodness, what a treat!We dropped in for lunch on a Wednesday, and were eagerly greeted by the staff as they learned it was our first time in. Free fountain drink and chips were obtained as we placed our orders, and I went for the venerable Philly cheesesteak, one of their specialties. After waiting for and getting the sandwich, we made our way to the tables and dug in.Immediately apparent was the look of the absolutely incredible bread. It's almost croissant like in texture, in a way, yet still retains the deli bread texture on the inside. I'm quite sure anything at all would taste great on this bread, even air. The meat, cheese, pepper, and onions inside were absolutely top quality as well, and the overall sandwich was truly one of the best such experiences I've had in many years. If you want to truly experience a great sandwich in San Antonio, this place is a must visit. You definitely will not regret it."}, {"review_id": "zM3CUjh2jkNC0wO4q9j-2g", "user_id": "xgldCGI0n6Q-wZIMF9S4bw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/3/2018", "text": "Just had the most delightful food and experience. Saw the ratings and pictures and decided I had to give it a try. Had to go with the Philly Cheese Steak as a first timer. We were greeted with smiles and positive energy. We were told by the staff(maybe owner) that we only were to pay if it were good. They kept their promise. The sandwich was perfect from the soft and fresh bread to what was on in the inside. As a first-timer they also offered a free bag of chips and soda. This place is legit. Another sign of great food was the 3 SAPD cars out front. Cops always know the good eats. I look forward to going back and trying the burger. This is inside a convenience store but the staff make you feel at home and work with a smile."}, {"review_id": "pzladsnVI9qDZ-Xox_ZWFw", "user_id": "AJ1Ou-QMj5k2H9EtdRoY-g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/2/2018", "text": "The food is fantastic. Best cheesesteak I've tried maybe ever. No sinews in that beef, it almost melts in your mouth. I get mine with no lettuce or tomatoes, and add American cheese. And mind you, these folks are happy to customize anyway you'd like all the while smiling even if they've been there 12 hours.Burgers are solid, great flavor. Their bread, which they've worked really hard with a local vendor to perfect, is yummmm. Im so glad this place went viral because we've always known it's amazing.The owners and the employees could not be nicer. I swear, they're so kind and lovely it's almost ridiculous lol."}, {"review_id": "iLgveap8iptqww7djKXsrg", "user_id": "dPhSsBPi2EPV9vCL2fnTvg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/4/2017", "text": "Oh Lordy!  I can't believe we've never been here before! It will definitely be a regular stop in the future! :o)We walked in and immediately smelled the yummy goodness.  My husband got the famous Philly Cheesesteak which was incredible (I had a bite) and I got the Smoke Stack which came with smoked turkey, bacon, provolone cheese and a chipotle aioli (that had a kick). Both sandwiches had all the fixings as well.  I loved my sandwich but think I'll get the Philly Cheesesteak next time. It was sooo good!They have counter height tables/benches and the place was super busy.  I'm not surprised since the food is absolutely scrumptious!Highly recommend!!! 10 Stars!"}, {"review_id": "KUR52tWrdOHUR65i6WNTAg", "user_id": "Iyuxi3laPIdt5Rp-a_Fsxw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "From the minute you walk in the door at Gino's all the staff makes you feel like a regular even if it's your first time. They great you right away and talk to you about the menu and make sure everyone understands their two rules. Rule one you don't pay until after you eat and only if you liked your food. Rule two you get a free bag of chips and a drink. We had to try the philly after hearing about it. We wanted to compare it to the other two big philly places in town. Hands down Gino's takes the crown. You can taste how fresh all the ingredients are and their addition of fresh lettuce really is a nice change from other places. Of course we paid because well we loved the food. I would definitely recommend for everyone to try Gino's. I will be back to try the other sandwiches and I'm dying to try their breakfast tacos too."}, {"review_id": "VWQzfScs3Iw-jxwaZu0Snw", "user_id": "QFE_Gc4vGfoxnXcl5zKaHw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/2/2018", "text": "Sad this place earned such a low score considering the good impression at the beginning of my visit.Visited at 2pm, after the lunch rush but they were still lightly steady. Ordered a cheese steak all the way, made it a combo, nothing out of the ordinary.Got my drink and chips set it on a table then went to wash my hands. Came back out and waited for my sandwich - and waited- and waited - and waited.After 20 mins from my initial Yelp check-in i asked about my sandwich. Nothing more frustrating than being hungry and seeing others who visited after you get their food first... One guy said it was the one in a warmer but another employee said it was an extra sandwich from another order. It didn't have a name written on it, as I assume they normally do, but it was sold to me as being mine. The guy swore he called my name, but the only D name I heard was Darren and someone went up and claimed it.Anyways - It was not my sandwich, only because this Philly had bacon added to it. Don't get me wrong, I love bacon, but technically this wasn't mine. Plus, i guess it was sitting out for awhile so it became mushy - the steam of the food is trapped in the wrapper.The flavor was still good, as all the flavors melded together. The bread was a little tough, but I'm not sure if that's intentional to keep together all the fillings or if bc it was in a warmer for awhile.Also, the bacon was more like crackling, small thick broken pieces of pork. It's like they were the last pieces in the bin to complete an order...I informed the young lady at the register about this and right away she knew that wasn't my sandwich.The owner stepped in and he was all about ensuring the customer had a great experience and said he appreciated the feedback.He gave me a card for free lunch on my next visit to make up for the ordeal. He's the reason I gave this visit 3 stars instead of 2..."}, {"review_id": "-oXqo_kxPTB9E9cxXxERbQ", "user_id": "HtpsPrgxYjS_DvgGEOW75Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/23/2017", "text": "This is totally an old school convenience store with food. When we said it was our first time they gave us free soda and chips, thanks guys! They were really friendly and greeted everyone who came in and seemed to have regulars. We got the Philly cheesesteak since that is what it was known for. This is where it got weird. The sandwich was really good, but I would never classify it as a philly cheesesteak. I have lived on the east coast and had many a philly in philly and else where. This sandwich was truly good, but also truly not a philly. I am guessing most people in San Antonio just haven't had a real one to know? I would classify this as a really good hot chopped meat sandwich."}, {"review_id": "Mlq985U1PaOMO7AmxP8anA", "user_id": "rEGqm-0itso4XRK8DGTElA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/9/2018", "text": "The best philly cheese steaks ive ever had! It melts in your mouth.  The customer service is awesome, they welcome you as you walk in the door."}, {"review_id": "RJ2Ie_rxVVfp4HGm_cgXSQ", "user_id": "SPK6XrxnSFxbeY-YLW3Yyg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/1/2018", "text": "I grew up in a place with great delis, so naturally, wife and I were super pumped about this place. I've had cheesesteaks in Philly and lots of other good stuff in between, so I freaking love good sandwiches. Being new to the neighborhood, the owner greeted us heartily when we walked through the door and asked if it was our first time. So he tells us the satisfaction guaranteed policy, and lets us know if it's not what we wanted, he'll refund the money. Six minutes later and we're in heaven. No danger in getting a refund. It's something about the fresh bread and the seasonings, just the right amount of cheese and veggies--and just basking it until we're suddenly sad the sandwich came to an end. Since then, we manage to stop there at least weekly, and we've picked up sandwiches for all of our visiting friends and family on a few occasions now. I can say that everyone who works there is a gem, and they are true sandwich artists. Any variety of cheeseburger is great there, and our people have been raving about the other sammies on the menu. Try it out, you won't be disappointed; but please don't crowd our spot and remember to be cool to the people there. :)"}, {"review_id": "Qbvb5my-8UOQJYWLvqS5wQ", "user_id": "t_jhamBYzwvxft_5fWwVaA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/9/2017", "text": "The customer service at Gino's surpasses all expectations! If you are a new customer, they give you chips & a fountain drink on the house. While this is great, the employees are all friendly and you can tell it is genuine. I have been to Gino's twice now and have nothing but positive comments to say. I went for lunch with a friend (who was originally hesitant to eat at a convenient store), and we both got the Philly Cheesesteak sandwiches.  Your sandwich is cooked to order, and you can personalize it exactly how you want.  While we had no complaints about our food, it is their policy that you only pay if you are 100% happy with your meal. Again, they exceed the expectations in terms of customer service! Another instance,  I purchased a cheeseburger and a black bean sandwich to go.  Even after driving across San Antonio in rush hour traffic, the sandwiches still tasted great when I finally made it home. They were still hot and I could taste the flavor in every bite of my burger. My husband really enjoyed his vegetarian sandwich as well and it came loaded with black beans, peppers, onions, and was topped with melty cheese. It's also nice that they have more than one vegetarian option. If you haven't been to Gino's, what are you waiting for?!"}, {"review_id": "tri2BPXrGp11iqYaj6JQfg", "user_id": "iQxuV-VUxbBlQv6YDUWacQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/4/2018", "text": "We absolutely enjoyed our experience here!  It was a Saturday afternoon and it was jam packed.  I couldn't tell where the line started however there was a procedure that I quickly figured out.  A man appeared between the counter of the register and the food prep area to take orders.  He explained that it would be a 45 minute wait.  It was definitely worth the wait. My husband had the DD and I had the Chicken Philly.  Everything was fresh and the bread was extremely soft.  The sandwiches are priced right and we are looking forward to many trips back."}, {"review_id": "1N8rFWpybNtEic-We2YgdA", "user_id": "urFVIgmauYMjW7Q0pz5XxQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/3/2018", "text": "Flavorful! Great texture. Got a Philly cheesesteak with everything on it except jalapeños!"}, {"review_id": "MCC80BAiO-MNezfD0ivj2A", "user_id": "akk70896ElkIqB2upZSgMQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/25/2018", "text": "OMGaga !! This place was delicious !! I had driven past it many times & didn't know it was there . I had the club sandwich (hot) . I felt like I was in nyc @ Central Park eating a sandwich . I also had the tuna salad which was also wonderful . Everything was fresh . Everyone was so sweet & accommodating . I will definitely be back ! Try this place out"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/ginos-deli-stop-n-buy-san-antonio?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]