[[{"review_id": "kkM5b-zJeqqvDspy8q_50Q", "user_id": "5p4LnjKsv-ZPcf8VMUwx9Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "What can you say about Cured that hasn't already been said about heaven?This is truly one of the best meals I've ever had, and definitely the best meal I've had in San Antonio so far.We ordered a charcuterie plate, a small plate of oysters, a small plate of poutine, a small plate of the beef tartare, and a large plate of double bone-in sous vide pork chop with capirotada. Holy Batman, everything was amazingly delicious.The charcuterie plate included the duck ham and a few other things. Even the beer mustard and the guajiro mustard were mind blowing.Being sous vide, the pork chop was perfectly medium from edge to edge and cross-seared for a traditional exterior.I would highly recommend dining at Cured. It's quite an experience with a small group. The servers are highly knowledgeable about the menu and just food in general. Keep in mind that it is on the more expensive side if you really want to try multiple things."}, {"review_id": "bALy6cNntqg4UQ-P9Xo7NQ", "user_id": "zcUlXyniwZMHmP3Ns6P4Ew", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "Cured is not just a restaurant, it's an experience!From the layout and the decor to the food an service they really seem to strive for perfection.First of it seems to get very busy. We came here on a Friday around 5pm. They said unless we had a reservation we basically had to sit at the kitchen \"bar\" or outside. We chose the kitchen so we could see the cooking going on.Service was very good. Our server explained the menu and recommended meats for our board. We were also never without a drink or water. We were there during happy hour, during which they have discounted drinks and some food items not available outside happy hour (although those are not discounted). Our server recommended the quail legs which were $0.50/each and were very very good. I could of eaten a bucket of them.We also tried a charcuterie and we let the server pick the meats as we didn't really have any clue what we wanted. Everything on the board was excellent! We finished off with their oyster dish which was also very good and the oysters were very fresh. I had one of their signature drinks which I can't recall the name but it was basically their take on a manhattan and it was on point!!Loved the food so much we tried to come by again on Sunday before leaving San Antonio just to find out they are closed on Sundays. Overall an excellent experience and sitting at the kitchen is great. One of the cooks back there was on fire. I've never seen anyone baste meat like this guy, filet after filet he was a basting machine!!! If you're in San Antonio you have to check this place out."}, {"review_id": "UtCSqUrA3CLJbqGiJDWj-g", "user_id": "adDQwUo7hkUbH7ap5C1SWg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "Just wow. Great food and great service. Lara was training with Mark. She's doing just fine. So we had the good fortune to have two people checking on us. Pretty good. Since this was our first time, charcuterie was explained to us. Of course this being our first time, we ordered too much food. A regular couple of porkers we are. Started with a nine meat charcuterie, but just three choices: smoked duck ham, orange and pecan salami and pork something in a jar. The latter pork was so very rich and delicious. The brewers crackers that are served with the meats are perfect. As if that wasn't enough, I ordered the pig cheek poutine. Deliciousness to the max. Pig cheek, cheese, pickled cauliflower and onions over French fries cooked in a cast iron skillet. This is considered a 'small' plate. Ha!The husband had the wagyu beef filet. So good. We could not do dessert, although some of what we saw around us, looked fabulous. So thanks for the great food and stellar service. You go Lara!!"}, {"review_id": "WNLOiOPhLWVU3zO_KDCYFA", "user_id": "Rr-AWG9J7spfiXJbrG-AbQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/10/2018", "text": "Love Cured! I made a reservation for 2  on a Saturday afternoon through Opentable and the hostess seated us right away, despite arriving around 30 minutes early. All of the staff was very attentive. The waiter was on-point throughout the whole visit. I got up to the use the restroom and an employee walked me to its location and another employee opened the door.We started with the 3 for $20 Charcuterie: lamb chorizo, chicken liver mousse, and spicy salami. It was all delicious and served with a variety of relishes, mustards, and pickles.My fiance ordered the Gumbo and it was very good. It was a good sized portion for the price. I ordered the Pig Cheek Poutin. It's listed under entrees, but I felt like it should be advertised as a shareable appetizer. It was good, but all the flavors are very tangy. There wasn't as much pork as I would have liked, but there was plenty of hand-cut fries, large cheese curds, picked cauliflower, and gravy. I couldn't finish it because I was over all the tanginess about halfway through.Overall, it was a great experience and we'll be back. I've got my stomach set on some of those grits!"}, {"review_id": "97WIbdqthuw9hKF6Y3uoYQ", "user_id": "JXHrhT72U6sZJQSkFfNzjw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/5/2018", "text": "Had a great lunch at Cured on a Tuesday afternoon.  We arrived at noon and although we had a reservation it was not crowded at all.  Better safe than sorry I suppose.  I like Cured's building, it's like a little house separate from the other stuff in the Pearl.  It has a nice mini-park out front as well with green space and some benches along with a couple of water features.The restaurant is equally striking inside.  When you walk in you first see the multiple stuff drying or curing.  See the numerous Yelp photographs.  The space is modern, clean, but comfortable.  Not sterile at all, you feel at home.  We were immediately seated in a comfortable booth and our server arrived immediately.  She was GREAT.  She was quick with refills, knew the menu inside and out, got us stuff quickly, but never hovered.  Excellent service.We tried a couple of the restorative carbonated beverages.  The blackberry lemon soda was okay, but the vanilla mint crush may be the best soda I have had.  You tasted each ingredient but neither overpowered the drink.  It was sweet but not too sweet.  It was damn near perfect.  I had to stop myself ordering another one, still regretting that I didn't...To start, the 5 of us had a 6 item charcuterie platter with:  pork rilletes, lamb pastrami, goat ham, catfish mortadella, 6 month pork shoulder, and cheddar cheese.  This is served with the usual accompaniments, mustard, crustini, pickles, etc.  Everything was fantastic (clearly Cured knows what it's doing) but the most memorable were the rilletes, catfish, and 6 month pork shoulder.  This had a prosciutto type feel to it and was fantastic.  I would have probably ordered a sandwich of it if it was on the menu.  I think as long as you get SOME charcuterie in this joint you will be pleased. For lunch, I had the grilled flat iron steak with fries.  The table LOVED the fries.  They were just about perfect for me, thin but not too thin with a fantastic crunch, but not overcooked, and a generous dusting of sea salt.  It is hard to do much better.  The steak was prepared properly to medium rare and was seasoned well.  The accompanying mushrooms were fantastic, I should have asked for more.  Cured is unique but at the same time familiar.  It's fantastic and I highly recommend you eat here."}, {"review_id": "CzKG6zz7xuw84g7bDGkozQ", "user_id": "i2g4BVFtexszx9-R74YiQA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Two words to describe this place: amazingly delicious. I've never had meat and jams that tasted so good together. Don't sleep on the cocktails or the ice cream sandwiches either - they are really great!"}, {"review_id": "Ft_4IyUkdtisi5G_u-c9SQ", "user_id": "Paw9lC5SnfEJ4i2Lq5Ux-A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/30/2018", "text": "Holy Mole!  And I'm not talking guacamole!  If you're looking for a place to eat brunch, you gotta try Cured. It's not only a destination (located in The Pearl), but it's also an experience. I'm extremely picky when it comes to my eggs. Always amazed when I order Over Medium and they come back Over Easy. While such a slight difference in the two, there's no way I can eat a half cooked fried egg. Cured has an amazing cook staff. They know their craft. The food comes out exactly as you order it. To me, that's huge. Our waiter, William, was a real charmer. He was attentive without being annoying. Loved our interaction with him. I ordered a simple breakfast of eggs and bacon. It was perfect!  The mimosas are yummy and their Bloody Mary's are perfect! If you're at The Pearl, if your hungry, give Cured a try. I think, like me, you'll come back often."}, {"review_id": "NNC2VRVoMmV5Hz1fI1Kekg", "user_id": "Fb-_RijOvxz4X0X6nwTelg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/4/2018", "text": "Came here twice because to try the rest of the menu items. Check out the pictures. Awesome selection of cured meats from beef tongue to duck. Excellent place for a glass of wine, or libation of your liking paired with a unique spread of small plates to entrees. There wasn't anything that I didn't like. However I will comment on the bone marrow and chicken liver. Bone marrow- is a must if you are a fan! The dish is amazing! Semi creamed claim broth isolates the perfectly cooked bone marrow in the middle with 2 lonely clams perched on top. Delish; however, how the heck we only get half of a marrow with just 2 clams!!! C'on mannn!! At least give me the whole bone 'Cured!'  Otherwise, bravo. Fried Chicken liver- love fried, love liver, love chicken liver. The only issue I have is the jam that accompanies the dish. Personally don't care for it. Probably best left on the side."}, {"review_id": "ZLfUCN2CTHiGhiJJJm5vHw", "user_id": "CfhBf-UFS2uI6Ghe5uR9sQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/6/2018", "text": "Alright, if you haven't been, you have to go. I'm not gonna sit here and break down all the dishes I got here BUT: the ambience - great. Location - it's the Pearl, if you have expectations for the Pearl - Cured meets all those expectations. Everyone is super friendly. I have never been in there when it was NOT packed, but it is worth it. I love the area. You can sit outside if the whether is nice. GREAT happy hour. Service amazing, and people are chill, despite the general stuck uppiness of the Pearl lolll. JK everyone in the Pearl area is nice, even the stuck up people :) I have been probably 5-6 times and it's a favorite of many of my friends and acquaintances so I'm sure I'll be again. I definitely recommend you try it. The last time I went, I was actually waiting on a table for somewhere else in the Pearl to eat. I did get food. I never regret it at Cured :)"}, {"review_id": "ODqhG0_r3cytwnXhKkuZ5Q", "user_id": "BoYpC2LniHJA_cMUVo9GDw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/23/2018", "text": "Scale 1-5Food- BLUE RIBBON BURGER  4/5Bacon and Beef Blend, Onion Jam, Blue Ribbon American Cheese, Fries. Available as Single, Double, or Triple.* the perfect burger. Slightly salty today, otherwise flavor of the ingredients on point *fries - 5/5DESSERT  4/5 Suggest you order the ice cream sandwich when you order your entree and by the time your finish, so it softens. Sorry no pics ICE CREAM SANDWICHCereal Ice Cream with Banana Cake"}, {"review_id": "4urDyWNnxJTLSYwHaddrbw", "user_id": "ep8NBpLx5cfwy2CaE7cG4A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/5/2018", "text": "The renovated historical building is cool and I easily spotted it. I love charcuterie, and this place does it right! I didn't know what to order and I had the server help me choose. It came out beautifully, and I liked all the meats that he chose for me. Make sure you come in during happy hour to take advantage of the 50 cent quail legs! They were crispy and moist.James Beard semifinalist for Best Chef Southwest (Steve McHugh)"}, {"review_id": "r8tkbjcc1I-3gtMWFjQb7w", "user_id": "rs3UHGkgcygaDdaL8IjYQw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/19/2018", "text": "I don't even know where to start. I can't say enough good things about this place. I love good food and this is definitely one of the best places I've eaten in a while (I guess I should mention my idea of heaven is being surrounded by charcuterie :)This place came highly recommended by a friend of a friend who lives in San Antonio. I was surprised to find an 8:30 pm res for the following evening (which happened to be a Friday!). We walked in a bit early and unbeknownst to me, my friend's friend is pretty much a regular here. They seated us immediately and even brought over a complimentary round of bubbly!! We started with a platter of the cheese of the day and a selection of cured meats. My favorites were catfish mortadella, nudja and whipped pork butter. We also tried the pig cheek poutine, bison tartare, pork chop and lamb neck. Though everything was delicious, the pork chop was to die for!!!!! This is seriously the most amazing piece of meat I have ever had. I would travel to SA just to eat this again. The chef Steve McHugh is a James Beard semi-finalist (he deserves to win!). We also had a great bottle of Oregon Pinot and topped it off with 2 desserts. You seriously can't go wrong here. The ambiance is beautiful, minimalist and thoughtful. I have been dreaming of returning since I left."}, {"review_id": "vWTHIwHp_s-Q01IN4O4TCA", "user_id": "08JfqZfqfYKI-y_JOHVjCQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/8/2018", "text": "We started with a lovely vanilla mint crush which set the tone for the meal. It was fresh, full of flavor and perfectly balanced so it wasn't too sweet. The entrees were the bacon burger and the rutabaga soup. The burger, as usual was amazing but how can you miss with a blend of bacon and beef? This is THE best burger in Texas. The soup was equally rewarding with layers of taste sensations.  Service was on spot, attentive but not obtrusive. Good people all around. Other considerations- the wall plugs have USB charging ports. The staff goes out of their way to consider special preparation or dietary concerns."}, {"review_id": "yTDNol_vKcWGhGaBhBCU8w", "user_id": "iTAh9eugSEAaHgmA6TTheA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "Had dinner at CURED last night at the historic pearl....excellent service,the charcuterie which you can build your own board is amazing,my favorite is the apple jalapeno pork rillettes and the jams chutneys and mustards really compliments the saltiness of the duck ham,I had some proseco and hubby has malbec to pair it then we finish it with their signature cured cocktail..lemon thyme moonshine,ginger,in house citrus bitters sparkling wine...then i ordered the roasted bonemarrow and for me i tried something better than that but over all we enjoy the night"}, {"review_id": "7EMExW3aZV66OpmB24PS1g", "user_id": "JBr6ozdkswonKMd8dtCCrw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/2/2018", "text": "This restaurant is the one of the most unique and refined I've tried so far. They cured meat plate focused of the natural flavors of the meet and give you a combination of flavors for you to experiment with. I have not been able to encounter any other restaurant that serves the kind of food that cured serves. The menu changes almost daily and hourly, and by that I mean happy hour decreases the amount of food you can order. Although the food can come off as salty. The palate will eventually overcome it and be able to taste the other ingredients. This is definitely a spot to hit up for a fancy date night at the pearl."}, {"review_id": "ybGcCB9xYFMPfBxN84zsIQ", "user_id": "cjE6mh2xm2-QxgEgnf93iA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/3/2017", "text": "The Cured is located in the old Pearl bank and business offices. They have kept the ceiling tiles and vault in tact. The walls still are very rural and rustic that share the times in its life during the days of busy brewery business. What fun eating an array of cured meats to pork butter when you order their charcuterie board. So worth the experience. The staff treat you very respectful and pros at helping you make choices from their menu. I had the poor boy of the day which was fried green tomatoes and toasted crusted shrimp in a soft hogie roll with sauce along with homemade fries and pickled cucumbers. Also their wine and beer spirit menu is in intense with a large selection. It was a jolly time meeting new friends at the Yelp UYE First Friday Lunch at Cured then off to the Pearl Tour. ."}, {"review_id": "SO8nYxSO-2qeYfZfioJD4Q", "user_id": "09BVSK2BeCopebFI6plOIQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/30/2017", "text": "Cured was recommended by a colleague who has self-crowned himself as \"Major Foodie\" (insert hand gesture here for himym fans).  When told San Antonio was part of my travel plans, Cured was the place that he claimed was  \"must try.\" After looking up reviews on Yelp (thank you, Yelpers) and looking over their menu, I was skeptical.  It looked awfully porky and cheesy, which is usually a \"no-go\" for a lactose-intolerant allergic to pork products gal like me.  I decided to give it a try nonetheless, even if that meant I'd have a salad and dessert only. Surprisingly when I arrived, I gave the menu a double-take. Lamb ham. Duck ham. Chicken mousse.  These are words I have NEVER seen put together nor dreamed of seeing together in Texas! I had to try it! So, we ordered a Charcuterie plate with the following: lamb ham, duck ham, chicken mousse, crackers, spicy beet relish, spicy mustard, and apple jam.  This was SO MUCH food, but it all looked so small.  Very deceptive and and very un-Texan. It was an amazing party in my mouth.  The lamb ham melted and paired well with my wine as well, which was recommended by the waiter. The duck ham was tougher but still very savory.  The chicken mousse was my least favorite because it reminded me of melted stinky cheese.  I know it wasn't, but I couldn't shake the taste.  We ended the night with Vinegar Pie. WAIT. Don't knock it till you try it! It's basically the love child of sweet potatoes and pumpkins on a pie crust. Really, it's the best part about Thanksgiving on a plate. We left utterly stuffed and quite happy with the meal.  I'm recommending this to my friends who aren't lactose or pork averse, because I hear those items on the menu supersede my experience!"}, {"review_id": "cguCUzkM4PBx9kle4eo43w", "user_id": "qUrBmRePpNrCHxqHKSUSDQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/25/2018", "text": "The first thing that stands out about this spot is the building! It resembles a courthouse or official government building and stands out in the little Pearl Brewery courtyard. Ordered the charcuterie and the flat iron steak, which were both very impressive. Pricey, but filling and worth every penny paid. If you're new to meat and cheese, the server gives excellent recommendations and won't leave you hanging. Great food, friendly staff, chill vibes.P.S. The steak pictured is a half-portion, not full sized."}, {"review_id": "PM6rT4lz8IyWe-M7JHYuVw", "user_id": "tI57iVCUkaAlBrPm0YUGNg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "1/18/2018", "text": "I was super excited to try out this place after hearing about how I had to try out their charcuterie. So I brought my friends that were visiting from Houston here, since it didn't seem like a place that would disappoint. Cured constantly receives high ratings and great praise from my San Antonio friends, so we came in with high expectations. We tried out the Fried Quail Legs, Petite Pig Cheek Poutine, the Smoked Pork Gumbo and the 9-Meat Charcuterie. Here are my thoughts on them: Fried Quail Legs-Nice crunch -Drizzled Local Honey was the perfect amount of sweetness -Tasty and definitely addicting-4/5Petite Pig Cheek Poutine -I enjoyed the flavorful pig cheek meat -a bit disappointed that the Fries were completely soggy and didn't have any crispness -didn't like that the cheese aaa not melted completely and was pretty globular -the pickled cauliflower were refreshing and helped balance the fatty pig cheek meat -3.5/5Smoked Pork Gumbo-tasted like very strong beef broth -flavor was pretty bland and didn't have any dimension -I did enjoy the small chunks of meat-strange bitter aftertaste-2/59-Meat Charcuterie-I can't remember all of the meats, but they were all uniquely delicious -love the butter pickles and the mustards that completed it -enjoyed the brewer's crackers that came with the charcuterie -4.5/5Service-5/5-Very attentive and knowledgeable staff-My glass of water was never empty -Food came out at a reasonable time -Happy to answer any questionOverall thoughts -Probably will only come back for their charcuterie, quail legs and great service -Other dishes were a bit overpriced and disappointing  -Obvious that high-quality ingredients were used which explains the higher prices"}, {"review_id": "GIQjRH21rrUtdDOYJnmRDQ", "user_id": "k2RPYM69kQRKuVlK97H6JA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/27/2017", "text": "My experience at Cured started with the best cup of coffee I've been served since driving into San Antonio come July. Absolutely fantastic coffee, served with a mini carafe of milk and legitimate sugar cubes. You know you are at a super classy establishment when they not only have white sugar cubes but brown. Classy with a capital C.Now, this is not the location for penny-pinchers to be sure, but if you're here for a special occasion and decide to make a reservation at this establishment, I highly suggest you go if on a holiday or a family gathering. The ambiance was cool, collected, and deliciously cozy on a Saturday morning. We had a brunch for five, and our waitress was so very attentive without being clingy. She was able to quickly serve us, figure out our algorithmic charcuterie board, and serve us within a dozen minutes or so (pretty fast considering the amount of food on that platter). There was preserved meats, slices, foie gras galore. Not to mention the guava jam. If anything, you must try the assortment of jams available. Depending on the size of your party, they have about 3 size choices for charcuterie to choose from and your choice of various meat slices. For my entree, I had the crabmeat ravigote. It was decent if you enjoy chilled seafood, not my cup of tea but still extremely enjoyable. What I sorely missed were the biscuits my dining companions had the wherewithal to order seconds and third sides of. Next time, for sure."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/cured-san-antonio-2?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]