[[{"review_id": "CBJnQoc5t-KUFF4acRAVxg", "user_id": "_Y7lmDYE4W1Z2oPd_Lspmw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Full disclosure- I am from the east coast so I'm not an expert when it comes to Tex Mex.  That said, I was concerned when I read the bad reviews but I walked a mile to Market Square and was starving so in we went. The place was crazy crowded but we found a couple seats at the bar to wait and that worked out well.  When we were finally seated it was our server's birthday and she was so nice and extremely friendly.  We ordered two Mexican dinner specials which arrived super fast.  The tortillas were home made and we both found our meals to be very good quality and taste.  I don't know what people are expecting. I found the value was great and the food really, really good.  The service was outstanding. Yes, you may have to wait and considering the amount of people, I feel this place does a wonderful job in moving the crowds through and keeping the food quality really good. I don't make it to San Antonio often but if I am back, I will be visiting this place again. Oh, and our server shared her birthday cakes with us for free. Now that is great service and with a smile.  Love this place!!"}, {"review_id": "MydKXEIKd5_iYMvHb35Evw", "user_id": "WIBJjdWE7IMYFQE_6fps2w", "rating": 1.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "Tourist trap. Ok food at best. One waitress for 20+ people. No split check during Fiesta for whatever dumb reason. Go to a quality Mexican food restaurant like Nichas, Agave, etc. Pretty much any other place but here."}, {"review_id": "lsiZAJkH3vdHVv-gllXT2A", "user_id": "JOtF5CrxlvHKpoKU4ByAbQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "This place screams tourist trap. From the location in the middle of an area with lots of foot traffic to the musicians circling the restaurant offering to perform to the crowds of not that local looking people.But the staff is friendly and the free salsa and chips are good (the salsa has a slight kick to it).We had the steak + chicken enchilada combo and a tortilla soup. The steak seemed very fatty but tasted pretty good. The soup was decent, with a much higher ingredient to soup ratio than I otherwise would have expected.The main downside is that the food is overpriced for its quality - and it is far from health food. But you are coming here for a place that is open 24/7 with friendly service, some mild air-conditioning to protect visitors from the heat and humidity and an atmosphere that is both festive and relatively quiet (at least at 10:30pm on a Friday night) then you will get what you are expecting."}, {"review_id": "NHRWEEH46VbghZ7OGow8Qg", "user_id": "5JVY32_bmTBfIGpCCsnAfw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/9/2018", "text": "THIS!!!!!!  If you want to eat at the best Mexican restaurant, this is it!  I would recommend going at an \"off\" time because the line to eat at the restaurant can  become very long.  As you stand in line you can see their bakery case and boy does it look yummy!  There is a separate line for the bakery.  There were always people in it.  I wished I had gone through the line and purchased a treat or two while I was there.  Live and learn.   LOL. Our wait was about 20 minutes but i know it can get up to an hour or longer.  People are more than willing to wait.  When you walk in it looks like someone is throwing a party!  It is decorated to the hilt!  It's like the Griswald's Christmas only it's all Mexican decorations.  There is not a blank space to be had.  Further back in the restaurant are full wall murals.  It's of famous people.  Not only are the murals painted on the wall but they are 3D.  You don't realize it until you touch the wall.  Someone put a lot of thought into those murals.  There is also a roaming Mariachis Band.  They sing for whoever wants them too.  They were really good and I enjoyed listening to them.  They played at two different tables next to us so we kind of had a concert experience.  It was very cool.  For lunch I ordered Cheese Enchiladas with Chili on top.  I asked them to hold the beans and rice which was a big mistake.  I took a bite of my husband's rice and it was the best rice of any restaurant we went to.  I may or may not have stolen his side of guacamole.  It comes in a little tortilla dish.  It has lettuce underneath with the guacamole on top.  They don't serve chips and salsa unless you order them.  We didn't catch that until we were already  eating.  We still could have ordered them but we knew we were going to be full from the food that we had.  The only reason we didn't order dessert or grab something from the bakery was that we were going shopping in the Market next door and thought we might find something interesting there.  FYI-there is a bar inside of the restaurant.  It has interesting items on the walls to check out.  It's a nice place to wait.  You really don't want to miss this dining experience!!!!"}, {"review_id": "gONDHQj6ekiJ7WaJ-xddPA", "user_id": "lQJAX7Q1RArAFTFY76dLag", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/3/2018", "text": "This was a very touristy restaurant serving Tex-Mex cuisine in the Historic Market Square of downtown. The place was open 24/7 which I thought was its best feature. An adjacent bar was located across the hall and in the foyer was a bakery where one could get pastries and desserts to-go. The dining area could seat hundreds of customers and was brightly decorated with lights and colors. It reminded me of a giant holiday display during Christmas time.I ordered a beef and chicken taco plate served with Spanish rice and refried beans. The beef taco was in a crisp shell while the chicken was in a corn tortilla. The tacos were ordinary as I didn't think they were anything special. For dessert, I got a slice of the tres leche cheesecake which was awesome and a vanilla filled empanada which was a disappointment. The latter was oven baked instead of deep fried, and the pastry dough was very crumbly which I was not used to for an empanada.The prices were quite reasonable for such a restaurant so that was positive. The waitress was efficient with taking my order as well as cashing me out. A mariachi duo did walk by while I was eating, but they didn't stop to play any music. The ambiance here was great, but I felt the food quality could be better, hence 3.5 stars from me."}, {"review_id": "JfOABXUMIJtpIU3aGFyfUg", "user_id": "InInjzaZxzQ8_suxZEAP5g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/3/2018", "text": "It seems that some locals want to poo-poo the Mi Tierra, buried deep in El Mercado (Market Square) of San Antonio. I don't know what it is, the lighting that would but Clark Griswold to shame, the dynamic decorations, the mariachi bands, the food. It might not be hip enough, not deconstructed enough, not infused enough, not artesian enough ... who the hell knows.  I loved everything about Mi Tierra.  They make a mean margarita, which is always a good start. Also, I loved the tortillas and both red and green salsas that were warm, but not hot. I mean, come on, what's wrong with mariachis? Sure, it may be cliche to some, but frankly it's been a while since I've been in a restaurant with a mariachi. Onto the main course, Enchiladas de Pollo en Mole: Two Chicken Enchiladas with Mole Sauce. They say \"topped\" but that doesn't seem to describe the thick blanket of mole goodness that drown my enchiladas. Taste taste was bold, rich, and perfect. It came with Spanish Rice and Refried Beans ... excellent job, amigos! Even better news: it's open 24 hours ... so don't have an excuse for stay home. Go now!"}, {"review_id": "bNx4NkN0X77IroDDrnktvQ", "user_id": "GZUDB-5Lx3V_ZPGE1SemEw", "rating": 2.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "This place isn't as good as it used to be. It's seems to be a hit or miss with the food. The bakery cases had flies inside the case just not appealing.  I ordered taco salad that comes with ranch dressing...really? The tortillas were cold not my favorite to stop while in town anymore. It's Tex-Mex!"}, {"review_id": "yTZjdpJZeNa2SWDITWrAYA", "user_id": "8HBflo8iNtxrPgRT0bCuSg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/5/2018", "text": "Only a day trip in San Antonio and after the nighttime light show at San Fernando's Cathedral (which was by the way beautifully composed), we head on over to Mi Tierra by the Historic Market Square. I was also recommended not to eat on the Riverwalk from my concierge at the hotel we stayed in, on the Riverwalk. And I totally understand why! It's too 'chain-y' around there and we wanted a taste of Real Tex-Mex / Mexican food!Firstly, Mi Tierra is open 24/7!! Amazing!Secondly, I love that there's security entering the restaurant or well around San Antonio! The decor!!! Party themed! I loved it! I wish I was in Mexico! The hostesses were sweet! Our waitress was super nice. We ate so well that night. The Mariachi band were talented and we tipped them even though they didn't play at our table but we just loved them. Also because I don't know any classic Mexican songs to request for them to play lol.The price for us was well worth it in the end.. or maybe because we're used to our NYC prices that this is a deal to us haha.AND THEN THE BAKERY OF YUMMY GOODNESS AH! I got my first concha! And my mom tried the guava empanada which she loved. So thank you Mi Tierra for your service! Def will be back the next time to San Antonio!!"}, {"review_id": "AuSe9GijobLuQ_bn0xwP8A", "user_id": "JA7TMVk0NmHdDH7Ehvx0jw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "I had wanted to stop here for lunch, but my friends had other ideas of where they wanted to go. So, trying the bakery after lunch seemed like the next best choice. The line for both the bakery and to get into the restaurant were both long. We passed by glass case after case of sweets, but had to make a decision quickly and not linger too long. The system was very efficient. I got a dulce de coco rosado (pink coconut nest candy) and my dad got an apple empanada. The size of the candy was a lot bigger than I had imagined. We took a few minutes to glance at the brightly colored decorations and piñatas and listening to the mariachis serenade one couple. We then headed outside to enjoy our treats on the shaded steps of the mercado, listening to local talent on stage and watching the children play on the mechanical bull"}, {"review_id": "7Ke68S7pAlpkwiu_U9IVWg", "user_id": "4StdAPdRBAXbJCXj7Mow6A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/29/2018", "text": "When I was twelve, my friends all got together and bought me a huge gaudy Joey McIntyre New Kids On the Block pin. You know the ones: It took up all the right side boob on my sweet Girbaud jean jacket and really showed off his rat tail. I remember showing off by singing all the steps in Step by Step (Step 1....We can have lots of fun...you're welcome for that being stuck in your head) and then utterly failing at moon walking. It was more Earth running than moon walking. Anyway, I say all this because that had been the highlight of my life (forget having my children and getting married a couple of times...Did you see 14 year old Joey?) Mi Terra beats that. A case that's full of dulce de coco rosado? Some signature dulce de calabaza (pumpkin) or pecan pralines? Go to hell Joe. I'm in Heaven. Yeah I got one of everything. I hated to leave but I sang \"Please Don't Go Girl\" as I was passing coco blancos on my way out."}, {"review_id": "I-vuaunHQ-oDbGcaz_a1ow", "user_id": "M-_wDQAYL7K5W-wozBmUzQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/15/2018", "text": "We love Mi Tierra - the food, the history, the bakery, the mariachis, the friendly service, the food, the atmosphere, and did we mention the food? :) We love the baked cabrito (baby goat) but everything here is wonderful. The Carne asada is a ribeye steak cooked perfectly and served with rice, borracho beans, fresh corn or flour tortillas, guacamole and pico de gallo. It's a meal fit for a king!I had the carnitas en chile colorado - YUM!! The tender pork was suffused with the delicious chile smokiness and the dish was pleasantly spiced. I got refried beans and rice with guacamole and my choice of fresh housemade tortillas (I always get the fresh corn tortillas they are THE BEST). Mi Tierra is ALWAYS crowded, but they have an efficient system to seat patrons as quickly as possible. Be advised if some of your party is shopping in the Mercado when your table is ready they will wait a few minutes for your shoppers to return. They do not seat incomplete parties. 5 worth the wait stars"}, {"review_id": "I0sacs4HkzY6lj2mLj6C6A", "user_id": "5eOgipzL99bUMybzfbWznQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/1/2018", "text": "This little tourist trap was super fun but not for the foodie in me . Our dishes were sub par.  Everything we ordered needed salt. Atmosphere was worth the trip though."}, {"review_id": "7wmBIeJPHgzPUjNDa4GpUw", "user_id": "Fp5ORVnXCYAvIhmydRYekw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "1/7/2018", "text": "This is definitely a cool spot - an authentic Mexican bakery attached to a fun restaurant space. The bakery is stocked with all of the traditional panaderia items (churros, pan de huevo, tres leches, orejas) as well as dulces (candied pumpkin, banderias de coco). Before leaving, my friend and I ordered a huge bag of treats for the road which did not disappoint. For those trying Mexican dulces for the first time, expect a sugar rush. These treats are for sugar lovers.We also ate at the restaurant which has a very fun and festive environment. We came in on the weekend and got a table for 2 almost immediately. We were seated in the back area and there were multiple birthday parties going on which made the ambiance even better.We both opted to order the tamales and they were okay. The flavors were there and they seemed to be authentic, but I'm deducting stars because our food came out lukewarm, and some parts were actually cold. I know that in a huge restaurant like this, the components are usually made in advance and heated to order, but you can definitely tell the dish was put together and popped in the microwave which took away from the experience.The margaritas were good and our waitress did a great job at making drink suggestions. I'd come back to give them another chance, but the lukewarm, microwaved dish was a significant turn off for me."}, {"review_id": "Tou2yhvdrcV88SkTKfsdIQ", "user_id": "goTwNIwpa8TNpF0SWzIdmA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/21/2017", "text": "For my 400th review, I saved this one.  I was not familiar with this TexMex Heaven and I thought I knew all things of fame in Texas. Walking into this spot with a large party and no reservations, I was fearful we'd have a long wait. The fear was quickly removed by a trip to a very impressive bar and a few drinks uptop above the bar.  The decor of this very large establishment is of one giant continuing fiesta! It may be shoulder to shoulder crowded, but so much to look at that you almost forget the crowd! There are giant murals and old photos that deserve more than a few minutes of studying. The food is very good and the service matches it.  While it may not have some of the finer TexMex dishes found in some, it is able to rapid feed hundreds at a time in an atmosphere that shouts San Antonio.  I had beef enchiladas and they were very good.  The rest of the large party had just about everything else on the menu.  All was exceptionally good and all of us were very happy.  I do urge all to go when not quite as crowded so you have time to explore and visit the bakery which we didn't."}, {"review_id": "1LgqIzNdakHLg-_IsMXRnw", "user_id": "1wE7oHKgNOLPM0QWS3jm9w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/7/2018", "text": "First time in San Antonio Texas for anything and I ended up here for lunch with a friend @ Mi Tierra Cafe & Bakery. I could tell this was a cool place to have lunch.I don't think I've seen a Mariachi band in person before, but this restaurant had a group performing for those who were interested. It was interesting for me and a bit of a culture shock, since we don't have that kind of thing in Hawaii - at least not a common practice in the islands. With that said, I arrived here from a smooth drive from Austin Texas on a brisk Friday morning. I was told to park at a parking garage about a block away and come to the restaurant. That parking garage cost $5, but it was worth it, since my friend and I decided to walk to the Alamo after lunch via the famous San Antonio Riverwalk. I arrived here around 11am after trying to find the place and my friend. It was a rainy type of day, but it was nice to meet up with another friend of mine who runs marathons too and lives in the area. The restaurant itself seemed a little stuffy, although I didn't really feel like this place had air conditioning, but the ambiance was cozy and casual. The restaurant itself was fairly busy, but we got a table with no time at all. It pays to come here before the lunch crowd and it was fun. It was like a festival market place here and you can almost taste the culture and influence that this place has to offer. The staff here is friendly and attentive. Wish I stayed a little longer to discover the bakery, but I was sightseeing in the area and it was nice to come to this restaurant for lunch and enjoy the area thereafter. I did like the décor that speaks a lot of history in San Antonio. While the mariachi band played for a table next to us, it was nice to enjoy the band's music and have a nice addition to our lunch experience here.The overall experience here at Mi Tierra Café and Bakery was pretty good and authentic. Since this was my first time to San Antonio, it was a nice rest stop after a long drive from Austin. The restaurant itself was very nicely decorated and I was happy that there was virtually no waiting involved for a table. I basically ordered the steak and eggs, which I was told breakfast was served all day. What's not to love about steak and eggs? My friend had ordered some breakfast tacos, which was fun and good too. But who can resist steak and eggs! The steak was cooked medium rare and the eggs scrambled. The prices here were reasonable and the service here was good, yet average and friendly at the same time. Mi Tierra Café and Bakery is located at 218 Produce Row here in the heart of San Antonio. I didn't realize that The Alamo was less than a mile away, so it was cool to walk there after eating here at Mi Tierra Café. They accept major credit cards, which is always a good thing for us travelers on the go, or even locals who don't want to be bothered with cash. While the parking situation was kind of funny, my friend told me that there was free parking at the restaurant, but decided to park at a nearby parking garage for $5. Probably that was the better choice, since The Alamo probably didn't have parking anyways. Wished I had some alcohol, but I knew I was going to drive 2 1/2 hours east to Victoria and didn't need that.Not sure if there is public wifi here, but the atmosphere and the ambiance is pretty good - sans the Mariachi band playing in the distance. There is public restrooms here too, if you need to go before or after your dining experience. For myself though, the experience of being in San Antonio was pretty good and hope to be back sometime soon. It's always a culture shock when I don't see authentic Hispanic stuff in Hawaii, but experience it in other areas of the United States. Mi Terra Café doesn't seem like they take reservations, so that's always a good thing. For the most part though, new experiences are always delightful, depending on what it is. For this experience at Mi Tierra - it was nice and apparently a tourist attraction. Breakfast items are always a hit with me and hope to return here, if my travels allow me to do so. Since this place is a tourist attraction of sorts, I would recommend checking this place out for food and see where the day takes you. The Alamo and the San Antonio RiverWalk are among the favorites during my 5 hour layover in San Antonio.4.0 stars for the overall experience. The music of the mariachi band was nice and soothing. 4.0 stars for the food and service. Friendly staff. Great company. My friend and I talked about marathons and stuff.Support local!B"}, {"review_id": "ad_c8TRDwr0JjVlvdzlYxA", "user_id": "Oavbr8dUe96Ap75kSwHhww", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/13/2018", "text": "A decent enough restaurant with an awesome bakery.  Yes, it's 24/7 and yes, it's pretty touristy and big, but the food is actually good.  Not great, but good enough to stop here if you're in the area.  I was actually surprised at the size of their menu. I figured a place like this would have 500 items, but it's relatively modest.  You have your typical Tex-Mex stuff, combo plates, a la carte items and the such.  I ordered the steak and enchilada, which came with rice and beans.  I will say that the beans were really good but the steak was tough and too thin to even bother with asking what temp you want it at.  I also liked the rice.  So here, the sides (including the salsa) made it more memorable than the entree itself."}, {"review_id": "Pbx6wJn6gCvlReWUYv_qeg", "user_id": "HhFKQuGxGyL4oJHlAkZgWw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/23/2018", "text": "Went for an early breakfast around 6:45. No wait very nice, traditional decor. My friend is from San Antonio and she brought me. I had the chilaquiles and it was good, however i think I will try something else next time. I've had many chilaquiles before and this is about midways down on my list of best. Prompt and friendly service. Later in the day i came back to the bakery and picked up some empanadas to take back home. Already ate the guava one and it was delicious!"}, {"review_id": "CENtN4DrafVRH6DmMnK7SQ", "user_id": "kqXi8a1nLNHkWgiv5m-dsA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/13/2018", "text": "If you're visiting San Antonio, take the time to visit this restaurant. It's very festive, the murals were beautifully done and the staff is very nice. They are open 24 hours. We came here for breakfast (around 1030am, no wait) and we were directed to our table. We were also able to order from their lunch menu. Took some time though, since it's from their lunch menu. While waiting our server showed us the murals at the back. Which was astounding. They also gave us free salsa and chips while we wait. Food is ok, my husband loved their refried beans and the hot chocolate was tasty, not bland nor too sweet. They have a bakery and a mariachi bar. Bakery had pretty good selection. We were too full to buy more food and i think they are better fresh anyway. I definitely recommend this place. A local recommended checking this place out and I'm glad we did."}, {"review_id": "D7C4bGYoCnRRiT6ROh0NTA", "user_id": "1CwAh3BEGmazKzs7mf1Agg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/13/2018", "text": "Review based on bakery only.Wow, huge selection! Fantastic Mexican hot chocolate!!!We attempted going around 10am, but the line was ridiculous and basically to the door. I was disappointed since I didn't think we'd have time to go back.Luckily, I peeked in after finishing lunch at Viva Villa, and there was barely a line. I'm not sure what was going on with the service, but they stopped paying attention to customers to the point where people behind me were trying to get their attention. They never acknowledged the next person or said \"We'll be right with you\" or \"Please give us a minute to refill x, y, z.\" Kinda weird...I got a concha, pack of bunuelos and hot chocolate. Everything in the cases looked decadent and delish, especially the cakes. Although it's pricier than I'm used to, I would absolutely return to try more dulces and the restaurant. I'm really regretting not buying the hot chocolate mix.  :("}, {"review_id": "qvBN3BxeT9dXZb6Mrws18g", "user_id": "nbu_N_vuVDi8jjJLOa50Wg", "rating": 2.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "This place is a must for all tourist but not the best tex-mex in SA.  I think the lure to this place is the fun atmosphere.  It is a very large restaurant with many different fun rooms.  It definitely has a mexican flare that can't be beat in other restaurants in SA.  They can also accommodate large groups.  The margaritas are good & they have a great bakery.  They also have mariachis walking around if you want to pay for a song at your table.  Definitely give this place a try if you have never been.  It is located in the Market Square."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/mi-tierra-cafe-and-bakery-san-antonio-2?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]