[[{"review_id": "5V52CevwhsOssWCC7y96Qw", "user_id": "RqWw7cKV2q1cwo4XUXJrvA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "Ugh. Sometimes I have dreams where I'm in the kitchen with the cooks at red iguana and we're all making mole and having margaritas together. I'm sipping on a tasty homemade horchata, while I watch the pot of gold bubble. Then I wake up and my heart drops when I realize that I'm in my bed so far away from all that is good.But in all seriousness this place will change your life. Try the mango mole! You will not be disappointed. My go-to is always the machaca con huevos chimichanga. I could eat it every single day. Make sure to ask for a mole sampler platter to help you decide what you'd like to order! You'll thank me when the dreams start happening."}, {"review_id": "DMgOhaF4e8awHKLnhTD6lQ", "user_id": "_pMzR6yoPbU98t-NH8TZ3w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "Who knew you could get authentic Mexican in Utah?! Well, Red Iguana 2 made a believer out of this Mexican food aficionado. I could have devoured the salsa and chips by myself, but I had to share with my three friends. We were split on which salsa was the best, but either way you can't go wrong. We ordered the following entrees:Tacos de Pollo (B)Chicken enchiladas suizas (A+)Vegetable fajitas (A)Fish enchiladas (A) *special orderWe had a few hiccups with our server, but overall I'd definitely come back for the chicken enchiladas alone. Now, I truly understand why they've received so many accolades."}, {"review_id": "dSofyhUOozC_DwRgd0hevg", "user_id": "19SKo-3giAdqtBHxnpXlnw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "One of the few places I have been that lives up to all the hype you hear about.  I can only eat at Red Iguana/Red Iguana 2 when I am in town for work and it is always a pleasure to do so.  On my latest trip, the wait was about 45 minutes (worth every second) and I ordered the Enchiladas Verde which was easily the best version of the dish I've ever had.  The verde sauce is light, airy, and with a fluffy texture that does not deflate as you make your way through the plate."}, {"review_id": "TSpfYuMCbN_7716LqVNx9g", "user_id": "dD5vTDPzv_79m8_zZhc9hA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/20/2018", "text": "Part of any trip to SLC is a visit to one of the Red Iguana locations, this time I came straight from the airport to grab lunch.  Located between the airport and downtown this Iguana has a cool vibe with plenty of funky Mexican decor.  I sat at the counter and service was efficient and friendly.  My server even gave me a sample of one of the Mole sauces when I asked about them; the Mole was excellent with complex flavors nicely layered together.The menu is extensive with most of the usual items and some fairly unique items.  I ordered the Chili Relleno plate and got a great lunch.  Two large peppers, stuffed with mild white cheese, battered and fried then topped with a very nice red sauce.  Peppers are always a bit of a crap shoot; in this case the first one was just OK, but the second one was exemplary just the right amount of heat to tingle the taste buds with just a hint of crunch that is set off against the mild cheese and complimented by the sauce.  The sides of rice, refried beans and flour tortillas were all solid renditions of these classics.  A nice touch was the small accent of pickled carrots, jalapenos and onions that allows you to add a bit more heat to your palate.Prices are a good value, especially when you consider the amount and quality of food that you get; the Iguana has a fun atmosphere, it would be hard to go wrong here."}, {"review_id": "bMzV6Lfat_NRz3hcyGHQYQ", "user_id": "vprPvLpRff0w4RSVYTuknA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/24/2018", "text": "I asked a guy at a ski shop for dinner recommendations. He said, \"Red Iguana is the best restaurant in town!\" He said, \"If there's a line out the door, drive a few blocks down the street to Red Iguana 2. RI2 was also packed, but my husband and I walked in and sat down right away at the counter.Our wonderful server, Victor, brought us a sampler plate of their famous molé sauces. We loved all of them! We ordered the combo plate(taquito, taco, enchilada, chile relleno and rice) and the fish tacos. The combo plate was phenomenal but our order of their famous fish tacos were  a bit under-whelming. Other Yelpers love them so maybe they're great, just not what we were expecting.Musicians walked around the room serenading us as we munched on fresh chips and homemade salsa. I can see why this place is a favorite!"}, {"review_id": "RRMxmBKXd1O1BEPw26nNCw", "user_id": "U7UHESx63ig3dVrus2LWBQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/18/2018", "text": "Try to get reservations for this place. We originally went to the original Red Iguana, but due to a long wait, we came to this one instead.First things first. Ask for the mole sampler. This will give you a plate of all the moles they offer so you can sample which one is your fancy. After you decide on a mole plate, you can choose the meat you want to get. Note, the menu says a certain mole will come with a certain type of meat, but you can substitute for whatever you want, making the menu very flexible.I went for the mole poblano with carnitas. The plate comes with a huge lump of carnitas with sauce all around. I ended up with not enough mole because I was trying to saturate the meat with as much mole as possible. Yes, it was that good. Very good dish! Would come again.Only reason this wasn't a 5 star is that I wish the dish would have come with more mole and some vegetables. Just meat, tortilla, rice, and beans was a bit carb heavy for me. Would have liked to have some combination of shredded lettuce, tomatoes, fajita vegetables, and avocado."}, {"review_id": "2QiDKP7epzh_XFij1KnVuQ", "user_id": "nycLn0ry-H71nWVi0z7sOg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/18/2018", "text": "I had heard a lot about this restaurant once I got into the city. The friends that I joined for dinner quickly agreed with my recommendation of this place. In fact, I found out that they come her quite often.Even at 6:30 p.m. on a Wednesday night, it was packed! We had to park on the street.  Although they have two large parking lots, they were both full. There was quite a long line when we went up to the hostess stand. However, my friends reassured me that the line goes quickly, and that I shouldn't worry about waiting too long. In fact, there was some standing-room space in the new part of the restaurant in a cocktail bar area. We ordered queso and enjoyed a margarita while waiting for our table. The jalapeno margarita was quite nice. I'm not a big fan of really spicy cocktails, but these were traditional Margaritas on the rocks with muddled jalapeno peppers, not pepper infused tequila.When we got to our table, they brought out more chips and salsa. We ordered some beers.This place has several different types of mole. My friends asked to have the mole sampler brought to the table, so I could try a little bit of each one. The mole negro was the most common type of mole that I had had before. Everything else was a completely different color and flavor. I had no idea there were so many types of mole. My friends both ordered the famous Tacos Don Ramon, which was showcased in the TV show Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives along with the owner of the Red Iguana restaurants. It just so happened that the owner that was also on TV, was in the restaurant the same night I visited. I got a good picture of her too. The Tacos Don Ramon has both top sirloin steak, and chorizo. The corn tortillas are lightly fried in the same pan as the chorizo sausage giving it a great flavor! I had a big bite of one of my friend's tacos, and it is definitely something that I would order in the future.I ordered huevos motulenos. This was a dish of pork carnitas covered by mole amarillo (one of their more spicy mole offerings) corn tortilla points, fried eggs, topped with melted Jack cheese. The dish also came with a side of refried beans and rice. It was all heavenly! My only criticism was I wished the eggs were not cooked as long. I prefer runny yolks. For my local beer, I tried the Los Locos which was basically a lite lager with a hint of lime. It came in a can, from Epic Brewing. The price of $10.50 seemed very steep, but I think a lot of that has to do with Utah liquor taxes.My friends ordered a half order of sopapillas for dessert. I was amazed that the half order included 6 big sopapillas! They were tasty.This is a very fun and colorful atmosphere. The clientele seemed very diverse from business travelers to families. I can see why this restaurant is the number 4 place in Salt Lake City according to TripAdvisor."}, {"review_id": "hBaZB2nvzUTznnujt6Dhqg", "user_id": "2ZQO9iGsMVyYBjrsMej4Sw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/22/2018", "text": "Worth the wait! And for a long wait, it was hardly like other (swankier) places that quote you 45-60 min and it's really 2 hours. No, we were estimated 25-35 minutes and it was right about that. Anyway, on to the important stuff. REAL, authentic, fresh, and flavorful Mexican food. Now I'm not a fan of mole - never have been. I always find it too chocolatey because usually there's only one type (mole negro) and I've found it to be overbearing, lacking balance, and it sort of ruins my palate for anything else.  So imagine my surprise when every damn mole on this menu that we sampled (because they do that here, pro tip) was out of this world. I felt like I had been living a lie. The mole negro was what mole of my past nightmares resembled except one million times better. You could really taste the other spices and chiles. It was game-changing. My favorites were that one, the amarillo, and the almond-based one, but all deserve a standing ovation. They're very unique and you can tell they put a lot of love in their moles.My combination plate was top notch too. I normally get annoyed by Mexican combination plates because with everything sitting in the same plate, the sauces start mixing and it's like you're just eating one big mess, but not here. Each item on my plate had it's own unique flair and I could actually make out and revel in each one. The Red Iguana combo comes with a beef flauta (or chicken apparently - whatever!), chile relleno, enchilada poblana, taco iguana, and a beef tostada (too much food, really) and it was all really amazing. Finish it off with a spicy and savory bloody maria and you've got one happy girl. I wasn't even in the mood for Mexican tonight and I'm so grateful I was convinced to come here. You will be grateful, too!"}, {"review_id": "oOWTF0KKxNVqIF023_YdgQ", "user_id": "bOl7m4puZIXTL5E-Z4ReBw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/11/2018", "text": "We tried going to the first location, but the wait time for that place is very long. Well it's no different here. When we got there we thought it was gonna be a shorter wait time because it wasn't super well known. Well it was still an hour long wait. The good part is that they have free valet parking and also a park area with a giant iguana. Classic. They have a bar area, so if waiting and talking isn't for you, you can wait, drink and talk. It's much better and the conversation might keep flowing. Lol. Each table gets free salsa and chips. The salsa is amazing. I like the tangy spiciness of it. The chips was perfectly fried and crunchy. It wasn't stale and you can tell it was store bought. I ordered their beef tacos platter. Sorry, I can't recall the name properly. The food was very good. The beef wasn't dry like most places and the sides it came with was amazing. I can see why people like this place a lot.The service here was great in the beginning, but after we sat down it sorta went down hill. We can definitely tell the waiter wasn't having a great day and wanted it to end. It kinda affected the tables mood. We tried to not let it bother us though, probably an off day for him."}, {"review_id": "2OcJYITkeuvOx6g1XU5BmA", "user_id": "v5c3zJParr6eROJ6La3e8g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Enjoyed my Enchiladas and the service was exceptionally quick! Was in and out in less than half an hour on a busy night."}, {"review_id": "uTeDtjzEYLWQa0CsDdFjPQ", "user_id": "2pZpmACSCR19M5mY4Cq6lA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/16/2018", "text": "Unbelievable busy spot. Wait time for 2 on a Saturday at 6 pm was an hour, but we opted for two counter spots which accelerates our wait time to a measly 20 minutes. Score! Our server, Victor, was very helpful. He brought a sampling of the mole flavors, and also suggested the queso and guacamole, which we agreed to and enjoyed. I had a jalapeño margarita, and the Mrs. had a cucumber-based margarita. All very good. For mains, we had the puntas de filete a la norteña and the cochinita pibil. Great flavors all around. Service is excellent and the place is kinda hectic to watch but they make it work!"}, {"review_id": "YmTuispkOFVmWbk7OnRpOw", "user_id": "q46P4WXcdOeIx0yE5keY9Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/5/2017", "text": "Just like my original post for their original location this place is an exact duplicate of the original. Came here the other night while I was in town for business. As usual this place gets really busy around dinnertime, but lucky for me there was an open seat at the bar and I was able to be sat right away. Immediately upon being seated I was greeted by the very friendly bartender/server. After a quick cruise of the menu I knew exactly what I wanted. I ordered the à la cart chicken fajitas with a side dinner salad.After a very short wait my steaming hot plate fajitas came out and the smell was amazing. After a few seconds of letting them cool down I quickly dove in to this this food. Everything was cooked perfectly and tasted great. These fajitas at just the right amount of mixture of protein and vegetables. Even though I probably could've packed some of this up and take it back to my hotel decide to polish them off. It was worth every delicious bite. Look forward to another trip to Salt Lake City to eat at the Red Iguana."}, {"review_id": "NUB6uMS1jXEPI-pIRYGPiw", "user_id": "VCaYshTfxCF22EglMtlTjA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/31/2018", "text": "My 3rd time here and can I just say they are consistently on top of their game! Hostess, servers, and all other staff are so stinking friendly, attentive, and provide the sense they love their job and understand they are in the business of customer service!!Now let's talk about the food. Holy guacamole - THE FOOD is the BEST Mexican I've ever had! Flavorful is the first word that comes to mind. Their chips and salsa are fantastic!I've had their enchiladas poblanas twice and they are superb! This last time I tried their enchiladas suizas sub traditional enchilada sauce (instead of mole - not a fan of the chocolate) and that is definitely going to be my go to choice from now on! So satisfying! Although the table next to us ordered the sizzling fajitas and I was drooling - sorry fellow customer for my googly eyes all over your lunch choice. Oh yeah, always get the side of rice and beans because it completes the meal in my opinion! Anyway, bathroom is clean - so you know that gets 2 thumbs up from me! Also, I'm sure you already know this but prepare to wait if you're going during normal dinner hours...it's worth every minute of waiting though!"}, {"review_id": "UNZ183DrLKUm0zzuoc32VA", "user_id": "wbo9cu0PX_wjh6IHFhM59A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/16/2018", "text": "Solid Mexican food, especially for Utah where my wife reminded me I had sworn off getting any Mexican food in Utah.  We have great Mexican in San Diego, but there are not a lot of places that do moles.  We had the Verde with Chicken and it was excellent.  The right layers of spice and flavor. The color and texture was positively influenced by the addition of avocado. The chicken was not dried out.  The Iguana Combo plate was huge and contained one of the better chili relenos we have had. It is a great place to hit on the way from the airport to the slopes.  We will be back."}, {"review_id": "audEYKmsJa99EswJdWzCGQ", "user_id": "nLscfYYVotblnQNv0epxqw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/8/2018", "text": "My first time going to Version 2 of the most famous Mexican restaurant in Utah. I tried the Fish Tacos, which were not impressive and gave me a stomach ache later at night. The fish look and tasted like chicken. I was hoping for my fish to be fried and crunchier. I'll try something else when I come back. Will update review when I do.Customer service was great though! The server did a great job putting up with my friend and his usual habit of complicating his order."}, {"review_id": "Xx3fgUjbA304V-qdJXJycw", "user_id": "ux8oH7TvcbSUGdrbC5c8tA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/16/2017", "text": "Fabulous fajitas and a plethora of mole sauces. You get a tasting. Do the tasting! The waiter was happy to let me know my gluten free options. I got the fajitas. My usual because I love them! My sister loved the place, phew being from Texas that's some big shoes to fill. The environment is festive and loud. If you have a hearing loss you better know sign language. Fun place to go on a nice night out. Highly recommend."}, {"review_id": "Q6aREJDF7ltmZU_xlDXIVA", "user_id": "Ik7p7IB_G5qPotWCLql9lg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/1/2018", "text": "Heard a lot of good things about this place. My daughter was in town so we decided to give it a shot. Long wait, chaotic parking lot, lively but noisy atmosphere and mediocre food at best. My wife had the fish tacos and was really disappointed. Tasted oily. My carnitas were a bit dry. The chips and salsa were good and the service was attentive and that was what saved it from a lower rating."}, {"review_id": "J4QPJyR5GbE57u2NKrYXDQ", "user_id": "07vfP7IdkL-okod6WqYX2w", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/26/2018", "text": "The food was excellent. My friend and i ordered the chilaquiles which were great. The waitress didn't pay much attention to us and gave us a look and acted annoyed when i asked for no pork chorizo, egg, and avocado. I'm sorry i can't eat pork because it messes up my stomach. She not once asked how we were doing. The only person who did was the lady refilling water and she's the one who gave us boxes. No sign of the waitress at our table. Again, the food was delicious and i would get it again."}, {"review_id": "8a5YNvhgCRDNxmvX15UXow", "user_id": "3CwMwbY9UgP-qvTDxNs_0g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/15/2017", "text": "As visitors to Salt Lake City, my husband and I wondered if the hype about Red Iguana 2 for marvelous Mexican food, warm welcome and splendid service was true.  It is.  Glowing reviews were right on based on our excellent experience for dinner...ummm...linner maybe given we walked in a little after 3:00.  Tips follow.TIP 1 - TIMING IS EVERYTHING TO AVOID LINESOn a Friday late afternoon, the restaurant was only about 25% full.  We were coming back from Capitol Reef National Park, hadn't eaten all day and it worked great for us to have a meal before checking into the hotel.  If it works for your plans to go here early, we recommend it for avoiding crowds and the lines of later in the evening.  By the time we departed, right around 4:30, there were still roughly 50% of tables open and all the high bar seats at the counter.TIP 2 - GLUTEN FREE EATERS & VEGETARIANS WILL BE DELIGHTED TOO We have friends and family members who are celiac so we notice when there are an abundance of gluten free dishes on a menu that are clearly marked, as was so here.  And while we're not vegetarians we do lean that way by choice the majority of the time and we were happy to see the mmm...marvelous mole dishes came with animal proteins or a vegetarian option.  TIP 3 -  PARKINGParking here may be a tad easier than Red Iguana 1, but it is still a bit of a dicey neighborhood and while it there are parking lots around for Red Iquana 2 they are a bit of a stroll to the restaurant.  Which may not be an issue for 89% of diners, it is for me because I am a member of the 11% minority of people in the US with mobility limits (I have MS).  So I'll pass along that if you need to be dropped off near the door for mobility reasons, there is small lot right at the restaurant entry where that is possible to do.TIP 4 - ACCESSIBILITYWhich leads to sharing that this restaurant is well accessible.  Starting with three spots of accessible parking, fully ADA compliant for van access striping too.  (Although the law that requires this is 27 years old this July you'd be astounded by how many other places get this wrong.)  Mostly table height seating inside, accessible to everyone.  FOOTNOTE  - FOODWe chose a Poblano Mole served with vegetables instead of the turkey of menu listing and the Enmoladas that are corn tortillas filled with beans and smothered in Mole Negro.  Both were delicious.  We are big fans of mole of all kinds and there are roughly nine to choose from here.  The portions are beyond ample so come hungry.   PS - The Tamarind Margarita with chile salt rim was yummy.  FOOTNOTE  - WARM WELCOMEHigh five for ambiance, hospitality and service!  From welcome in the door and seating in the just-eclectic-enough sparkling  space, to service throughout the meal that was simply the best.  Our server knew the menu, could make recommendations, checked in on us perfectly, paced the meal just right and thanked us at the end by saying it had been her pleasure to have us dine there.  Perfect.FOOTNOTE  - VALUETwo margaritas ($10.50 each), two mole entrees (Poblano vegetarian $16.79 & Mole Negro Enmoladas $10.69)  was only $52 before tip.  Great value!   Eliminate the cocktails and it's practically free for this kind of great food. ;-)FOOTNOTE  - PATIOOutdoor patio in front may work well for cooler weather afternoons (a scorcher when we were there) or cool evenings.  But we loved the inside vibe."}, {"review_id": "XwdpGHuiEoHObAu-Tapekw", "user_id": "lQQg_OdjJMmYamHe1XM8nA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/18/2018", "text": "I came here during the holidays with my family. My grandparents, aunt, and uncle really like this place so I was excited to check it out and see if the hype was real. Safe to say, my expectations were blown away. There is valet parking, but if the lot is full they'll stop taking cars for the night. Just park on the street in that case. We arrived around 6pm, and stepped into a crowded waiting area. I asked for the wait time, and they said it was 2 hours. The holiday crowd came out in force - good thing I'm from the bay and am used to long lines. Tip: instead of waiting inside the restaurant like everyone else, walk over to the valet stand. There's a covered area with heaters (ask them to turn the heaters on if they are off), and wait comfortably in a less claustrophobic space. We were seated at a table in the larger dining room out back, and chips and salsa were promptly brought out. One of my favorite things about the seating was that the tables were nicely spaced - most places will cram tables close together. Red Iguana does not do that - huge kudos to them. As for drinks: I ordered the horchata - it was not too sweet with a cinnamon kick. Again, another thing I would recommend ordering. Now onto the food.To start, the table ordered guac and chips and the plate of different moles so we could taste them all. If you're not thinking of ordering an appetizer, do yourself a favor and order the mole taster one. You will not regret it - it was hands out one of the coolest things I've had the chance to try. Plus, you get the see which mole you like - they will let you swap the mole in your dish for any of the other moles. The food was delicious - the portions are pretty big so it's definitely splittable if you have a smaller diet. Every vegetarian dish we ordered was fantastic. For dessert, we ordered the fried ice cream, which was basic but yummy. In conclusion to this paragraph of a review, this is a must try restaurant in SLC. You will not regret it!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/red-iguana-2-salt-lake-city?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]