[[{"review_id": "q5v3GXK648uAfB9UZwRoPg", "user_id": "IVoqojVsYq5zYSn5TLA_JA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/27/2017", "text": "Stop what you are doing right now and go here. Right now. This place is super interesting and fun. It's not quite shaved ice and not quite ice cream, but a beautiful fusion of both, plus they have bubble waffles! Pick your flavor of snow ice (Mango or Taro are my fav) pick from fruit or other toppings (popping pearls!!!!) and get a drizzle of chocolate or sweetened condensed milk. About the same cost as frozen yogurt and far more interesting and fun."}, {"review_id": "lnASSo6lQnKP51Gf96pkSg", "user_id": "dFsdMDye7h319z8hzRGrTg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/31/2018", "text": "Yum! Very good! I'm obsessed with shaved ice. I have a few go-to's in LA for shaved ice and have also had it when I lived in San Francisco and New York!Not too much to say, it's yummy and good quality. If you've had shaved ice you'll love this-- if not, you just have to try it to know!"}, {"review_id": "FblAFgZJ7P-717Asm6TMfw", "user_id": "kGfciOv415ABZcSVm_AoJg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/27/2018", "text": "OMG! This place is amazing. The bubble waffles and the ice cream are separate so if you order them together, you're looking at about $10. For 2 bubble waffles and 3 ice creams with toppings, it ran us about $30. It was a little more expensive than I would have liked but I had to try all of the things! Next time I will get just a bubble waffle or an ice cream. Although, they are heaven together! I subtracted one star simply because it's so expensive. A little cheaper and we'd be regulars!We got the mochi bubble waffle, chocolate chip bubble waffle, and three varied ice creams with various toppings and drizzles. The mochi bubble waffle is a piece of heaven that I never knew existed. It was simply addictive. I could see eating it for breakfast and being totally satisfied!The chocolate chip bubble waffle was okay but I'm not a huge chocolate fan. My husband is though and he was happy with his choice!The ice cream is amazing and they make it all there. It's shaved ice cream, which gives it a unique texture. It's amazing! I highly recommend the strawberry ice cream flavor!tldr: I really recommend this place but make sure you plan on spending a chunk of change for ice cream and bubble waffles, since you absolutely have to try it all! We will definitely be back, but not as much as we would if they were a little cheaper."}, {"review_id": "oR6tP25DDFiljUgkWc01DQ", "user_id": "LJgwDW0Rnxbwd8NAGu3CJg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/9/2018", "text": "First time having snow cream. It's pretty good!  Not rich like ice cream. Only one worker when we went in and so service was slow but she was super nice.  Can I say I HATE the chairs in this place?  They are the kind that make the most horrific noise no matter how careful you are in moving them. I want to Try the bubble waffles but we were $18 into it for 4 kids sizes snow creams. Maybe next time."}, {"review_id": "uJ9TL_CQFzn2AFOwr-WzDQ", "user_id": "y2vl377OIYnNI4N0heztNA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "We had a great visit here this weekend! The ice cream texture is wonderful. It's smooth and soft which allows the toppings you contrast wonderfully. Lychee was my favorite topping. The ice cream flavor is mild so don't be afraid to go crazy with add-ins. We got two bubble waffles. The mochi version was great with the different flavored much I bites. Looking forward to a more centrally located ador store but I'll make the drive until one pops up."}, {"review_id": "1QnEEzu9gEwmm6n5KjDs-Q", "user_id": "0pIu5JTjHIrArnPsZvAArg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "1/28/2018", "text": "Feeling kind of ripped off. I was looking forward to this place as there are not many shaved snow places in Utah. I was excited to try out the flavors and toppings. I split the waffle with a friend and he enjoyed in dessert. Everything tasted great! I am upset because I ordered a kids sizing in hopes of saving money plus I was not too hungry. I asked Lissete if I could try the two different popping pearls instead of having one flavor. She suggested if I wanted all four flavors, I said sure why not. She said I would only get a little of each because it will be hard to fit all of the toppings on there. No problem! I looked at my receipt to find that I spent $4.74  on something that should have costed way less then that. I had no idea she was going to charge me for all FOUR toppings, and only get a quarter of a serving. There was huge miscommunication with this order and I do not blame her. I thought I was going to get one serving with four flavors, not FOUR servings with four flavors. I am pretty aggravated because I could not taste any of the snow! Plus I wasn't planning to spend over 14 bucks for two people on shaved snow so it was overwhelming. Anyways-"}, {"review_id": "O1Q9RuR6qmvE83wIn3RKOw", "user_id": "-nuSnA9ySZ5dwiUt-pxeWg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "12/8/2017", "text": "After seeing a few photos of the treats here, how can you not stop in!?  I've had them bookmarked on my Yelp for about six months before I was finally in the area.  I came during customer appreciation week and was able to get the green monster for 20% off!  I ordered a small, but that thing was definitely LARGE!  Two of us could not finish.  Pros:  Unique.  Fun.  Customizable.  Tasty.Cons: The texture of the snow cream/shaved ice was not my favorite.  It grew on me the more I ate it, but it wasn't something I'd crave or want to go back for.I think this place is worth a stop.  It's truly a one of a kind dessert place for Utah.  However, one time was good for me!  I enjoyed it, but my personal taste buds prefer other treats."}, {"review_id": "Nx0nu0eisUdCVBozBPZdrQ", "user_id": "Kr4pen7h6IHG19eQzeWVrQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/17/2018", "text": "Experience was great! I ordered a small vanilla shaved ice. For toppings I added popping pearls in the flavor of green apple, mango slices and strawberries. Also had a drizzle of condensed milk. I was a bit wary of my choice of toppings but in the end it turned out great! I gave this place a 4 out of 5 because the overall total was a bit pricey."}, {"review_id": "raR_aVCpHcDU4s_3PJbF4A", "user_id": "JAklN5DvRIguEu8UuoAx6w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "The interior of this shop is adorable and colorful. Walking in, I felt like I needed lots of pictures. The icecream is delicious. It's shaved icecream. They freeze a block of icecream and then shave it like shaved ice. The result is a delicious, but mild, icecream flavor that melts on your tongue. Then pick your toppings. They have an incredible variety. I enjoyed the popping pearls. They're balls of juice that pop in your mouth like tasty little balloons. It's even interesting just to watch your icecream get made. Order the bubble waffle. Just do it. It is so worth it. It tastes like funnel cake, and is insta-worthy. And if you're feeling crazy, the ramune sodas are delicious as well. Japanese Sodas That are worth trying. The staff was supper helpful and attentive too. Come here and you won't regret it. It is a little pricey, but worth trying!"}, {"review_id": "74PxSkx5kLCdDy4UB2YUhA", "user_id": "MpuCzCA1iz4XNyXv9uxEhw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "You gotta try it, you won't be disappointed! Prices are reasonable, the staff is super friendly, and they have multiple flavor combinations for you to try, I'm sure you'll find one you'll love!"}, {"review_id": "CtmACGNZUVgxzzN_nENuag", "user_id": "LNPV-lFQc0AzyxMykU6c3A", "rating": 3.0, "date": "1/17/2018", "text": "First of all, grateful that this place was open on a Sunday afternoon!The dessert was pretty good. I got green tea with red beans and condensed milk. Nothing amazing but also not terrible.However, the review is for the service. When I first stopped in, there was no line but the person working was on their phone. I kept trying to get their attention, but she kept ignoring me so I decided to come back later. When I stopped by an hour later, it was madness. The same person working there and the line was 15 people deep."}, {"review_id": "a0x1nMo5sxbc0dUxmkqSFA", "user_id": "a4IgqHdva08RBnEV73Qk3g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/19/2017", "text": "This place looks so slick I really thought they were a chain, but I couldn't find anything online to support this assumption. Instead, I discovered that in Kagoshima, Japan, the most common shaved ice toppings are sweetened condensed milk and fruit, and people think this resembles a polar bear face, so fans of the treat there call it shirokuma, the Japanese word for polar bear (look at that, a little lesson courtesy of Yelp!).I didn't see anything that looked like a polar bear (besides the cute décor on their walls), but I saw lots of really pretty shaved snow creations. (Note: shaved snow is like shaved ice, but 10x better as it is really fine, almost smooth textured, and you don't get chunks of ice.) As far as the menu goes, they have a screen which shifts through about five different fixed options including their current special, and this will give you an idea of what to expect, but you can also just pick your own shaved snow flavor and accompaniments. Additionally, they offer bubble waffles (regular, matcha, or chocolate chip) and some drinks including various sodas, water and Ramune.I opted for their monthly special, Peach Crumble, and my friend had chocolate shaved snow with brownie pieces, white chocolate drizzle, and graham cracker crumbs. The chocolate flavor was mild, although present. I'm pretty sure the brownie was a cut up Brownie Bite, and the graham cracker crumbs were ground quite fine. It was pretty good, but didn't blow me away. The Peach Crumble, on the other hand, was fantastic. It consisted of peach shaved snow, peach slices, a crumble topping, sweetened condensed milk, and whipped cream. Shaved snow is akin to a less heavy version of ice cream, and I like this, but sometimes it can feel like not much at all. This was the perfect combination of light and rich components. The consensus was that fruity shaved snow is the way to go, and if you're craving chocolate take advantage of that with your toppings.We also shared a chocolate chip bubble waffle. Neither of us had had one before and weren't sure what to expect, but I loved it! The flavor is reminiscent of funnel cake without being greasy. I especially enjoyed the variety of two textures, both the soft filling of the bubbles and the crunchier flat parts. If you didn't want shaved ice (though why wouldn't you?!) this would be delicious topped with some fresh fruit and whipped cream.It does take a bit of time. When we arrived at around 5:00pm on a Saturday there was a group of three who had just ordered, and only one employee working. She finished their orders before taking ours, so it took about ten minutes from entering the shop to actually receiving our shaved ice (and a few more minutes before receiving our bubble waffle). Another employee came in while she was working on our shaved ice, so that sped things up a bit. I don't think this was an unreasonable length of time at all, but other reviewers have commented on the amount they've waited, and I think it's important to have sensible expectations as this isn't quite as quick as, say, getting a scoop of ice cream. If you visit here in the summer with all your kids in tow you're going to have to wait a bit. Patience.This is a really fun spot for a cool treat, and the only real negative I can give is that it is way out in West Valley, and there is seriously no reason for me to be out there except to go here. But it's delicious enough that I'm sure I'll make my way back sometime!"}, {"review_id": "iQ_cNjneoJjY1UglKj4zAQ", "user_id": "vxe32KFkAafefyuCnMfZRw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "8/22/2017", "text": "I haven't had bubble waffles in such a long time! This was a nice treat when I wasn't hungry enough to eat lunch during the day, but wanted something different to try. This was my first time visiting this business and I definitely will be going back. I got the taro ice with condensed milk and coconut shavings and a mochi bubble waffle. The taro ice tastes exactly like a taro boba...my favorite! I was happy about that. I would probably put the condensed milk in between the ice as well as on time. By the time I got to the middle of my cup, I couldn't taste any condensed milk. I definitely had enough coconut shavings though...all the way to the end which is weird since they were on top of the condensed milk. The mochi waffle was good...not burnt, but I didn't taste any of the mochi in it. I put my taro ice on it and it was perfect! I like to try basics before trying a signature creation so I did that this time around without anything extra on the waffle or too much on the ice. I will try a specific creation on my next visit. Service was very good. I felt so bad for the person working as she was by herself and there were 2 people before my sister and I came in then 5 others came in after that. She didn't miss a beat though. She made the order, called out the customer's name and moved on to the next order. All with a smile and not an irritated look on her face. I appreciated that a lot as I'm sure many can get irate with the amount of people that were in there and she had no help. The store was very clean, inside and out. No mess on any table or counters and the utensils and napkins were stocked. They also have a punch card so if you're into that, get one!"}, {"review_id": "JjQqNC_GLq3JRTTte9DZ2w", "user_id": "cV9xS9fPHBrLgFz3Ka9Glg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "Just had their snow cream for the first time and WOW. Seriously so good. We live in Draper and this place is far from us but we will definitely come bCk! I had their coconut snow cream with bananas, mangos and lychee popping pearls"}, {"review_id": "5XgI__7xPHOXdGAA2iUP3A", "user_id": "1C7wAb5OS7CpCGLBTXB-lQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/15/2017", "text": "These guys sell a frozen confection that feels like your eating cotton candy textured ice cream. They have one of my favorite flavors too. Taro!  Mmm I love taro. I chose the taro flavored stock dessert that they have on their menu. They have a similar set up to other ice cream shops where you can pick and choose different mix ins. They also have bubble waffle dessert waffles. They are pretty good. They also cycle through seasonal flavors for the waffles. Pumpkin is the current one and my kids love it."}, {"review_id": "6xm2KqwXTeLcfmFI1sxkrw", "user_id": "qloflML2ckQyj3_W-DQDVw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/9/2018", "text": "It was nice. It's nice to know there are other places to go besides an ice cream shop or a froyo place. Their bubble wrap waffle was tasty!"}, {"review_id": "LUfaB-XMFGBHUEwzT07BIg", "user_id": "wPT7Uxcn0IMxnPa7AM-NWg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/16/2017", "text": "I'm so happy I found this place in Salt Lake City. They specialized in Taiwanese desserts, which I really like. They're not as sweet as normal desserts. Shirokuma serves different flavors of shaved ice, which is like ice cream but lighter. There's a variety of toppings as well that you can chose from to make your own bowl or you can chose one of the ones they offer. We chose one of their house bowls for our first time. I tried the Ube baby which is the taro shaved ice, with sweet red bean, pocky sticks, and passion fruit popping pearls, all drizzled with condensed milk. My husband had the green Monster, made with honeydew shaved ice, honeydew balls, kiwi slices, and green apple popping pearls with condensed milk).  We both loved our choice. For those who aren't fans of ice cream, you can try their bubble waffles or as they're called in Hong Kong, egg waffles. They are freshly made, crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. We tried their mochi bubble waffle, that comes with small bites of mochi in each little bubble. I was a bit disappointed, as I was expecting something similar to the ones I had in Hong Kong. With the ones in Hong Kong the mochi egg waffle batter is slightly chewier than the regular bubble waffles. This one actually had pieces of mochi inserted in the waffle, but still it wasn't bad. I will try their regular one next time. As for the location, it is a bit far but I think it's worth it, especially during summer. The place is clean, not too big and the owner was very kind to us."}, {"review_id": "IXjzFGmJl2IejIJu2koI_Q", "user_id": "bOl7m4puZIXTL5E-Z4ReBw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/19/2017", "text": "After hearing so much about this place and seeing all the pictures posted, I finally decided to go here for dessert. The location is very west, but you will definitely find it. They share the parking lot, when I went there on Sunday there was plenty of parking available. Before coming here we went to have a huge lunch. This was our dessert. Let me just say that this was the perfect decision because it isn't heavy at all. The only thing I can see that will make it heavy if you put too many topping on it, or if you eat like a lot of the bubble waffle. How does the dessert works here? It is like a froyo place with the exception that you can't try all the flavors. You will just have to pick a flavor, chose the toppings of your choice (each topping cost like $0.35), and you get to chose a sauce to go on top. The flavor of the ice isn't super strong, so I do recommend a \"sauce\". I usually go for the matcha ice, along with fruit toppings and red bean, and a sweeten condense milk sauce. The bubble waffle!!! that is something I think people shouldn't skip. It is super delicious and it taste exactly like how it is made in Asia. That is one of my favorite street food snack in Asia, and I am so glad it isn't horrible here. Great place, great space, plenty of seats and great desserts. Totally worth the drive, esp if you're on a date."}, {"review_id": "js9fihM7k9PHrx6THwEGHQ", "user_id": "jZPR8yG9o0kT7MKXwHfqKg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "1/19/2018", "text": "Thought this place sounded new and fun so we made the scenic drive down from Layton. I'm giving it three stars because it was just OK. I feel like if I'm going out for dessert that is ice cream'esque I need to have a lot more options and flavors. It was still good though, but my kids don't like it because they didn't like the texture."}, {"review_id": "lAd87AvPKmm9VxFKWsk1hQ", "user_id": "MO8hS_-E83YhgkF_fl2ahw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "8/30/2017", "text": "There is nothing special about the atmosphere of Shirokuma, really simple and has lots of tables/space for groups of all sizes. The staff was fine and seemed to be nice. I will say it does take a long time to get your ice or bubble waffle, not a speedy place. I really enjoyed the taro ice and my sister got the green monster which was cantaloupe, she enjoyed it. Reminder her of a drink she had in Chile. Pricing is average, seems a little high, but they do give you lots of ice and are very generous with toppings. Makes for a Yummy treat!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/shirokuma-west-valley-city?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]