[[{"review_id": "ADvAqf4Px4pR1uRhM50ldg", "user_id": "NMqzKWPKaV49kcdqF9ZmLA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/27/2018", "text": "What a great spot to grab some rabbit food!  The salads are bodaciously huge and so tasty/fresh.  I would definitely suggest this place to anyone who is vegan or just looking for a good salad and like I said they are soooo big! They have single and double servings.  The single servings are huge so I couldn't imagine the doubles!  I would like to try some of the other ones, but I got the \"Everything but the Kitchen Sink\".  It had so many great different foods in it.  The bacon was delicious, because I'm a fat kid at heart of course I would pick the most unhealthy part of the meal as my fav!  When you walk in it looks super small but they have nice/quaint downstairs that is set up with approximately 10 tables.  They only have two different types of beer (craft beer), I got the Devils Backbone, Vienna Lager.  They only offer two wines, a red and a white.  The owners also own the Grilled Cheese Bistro, so if you have been there and liked it, you will like this place too.  The service was on point also, so that always helps."}, {"review_id": "e5rLzPlfZoyT51e31dhDdQ", "user_id": "Lm8MbqgIrPsE0isG8HteCQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "I loved coming here for Sunday brunch very healthy and hardy foods loved the seating and selections on the menu I would give five stars but it is pricy The mimosa flights were tasteful and delicious The eggs Benedict was cooked to perfection and the Hollandaise sauce was perfect.I will be coming back soon"}, {"review_id": "U9itQZHj4zZy3705RxgkBg", "user_id": "Gi7VYh4iT825Qy4oxkUaGw", "rating": 2.0, "date": "3/24/2018", "text": "I have had some amazing salads here. However I have also had some really sad struggling salads, and unfortunately the ratio of amazing to struggling so far has been about 1:1. For my birthday dinner with my best friend, I ordered the Mayan salad and honestly this salad made me want to cry. I was most looking forward to the cheese, which is too bad because the small amount of white specs were easy to miss and not big enough to add any significant flavor. The cauliflower was just two giant cooked and flavorless chunks. The pumpkin seeded bread went completely unnoticed until I had resigned myself to sadly picking at the beans, that tasted fresh from a can with minimal seasoning, and then realized that what I thought was part of the plate was actually a very burnt piece of bread. It tasted like... burnt. I had offered to split my bread with my dining companion when we initially ordered but she was understandably not interested once she saw it. My friend's salad wasn't any better. I forget the name but it was the one with poke in it. Watching her eat it was like watching my feelings embodied in another person. We both sadly picked at our meals, and then sulked about having to drop about $20 each for something we could've done better in our kitchen with $5 while wasted and crying. I've given this place several chances because when it's on, it's seriously excellent. But I don't think I'll be back anymore after this one. --Nick's wife"}, {"review_id": "5DFP3jPtJxIBgTcx6TdBww", "user_id": "BOXQsZOl00z7Xomou88rrw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/19/2018", "text": "The healthier companion to the neighboring Grilled Cheese Bistro, owned by the same folks!  Hard to get excited about \"a salad place\"....until you've been here. You walk in on street level but can select a table downstairs in a cozy, clean basement. It's an intimate feel despite not having windows; reminds me of New York City eateries.  Like NYC, parking is on-street or metered lot(s).Service was excellent and efficient.  Had the Cuban salad which boasts moist seared pork, candied walnuts, pear, cinnamon spiced butternut squash and blue cheese on a bed of mixed greens with spinach; Salty and sweet meets earthy and rich. In truth, all of their artisan menu options are creative, ingredients are fresh and portions are hefty all with visually appealing presentations. The freshness conveys in the flavors; unlike other places that drown a salad in dressing, all of the ingredients can be tasted individually but combine for a symphonic medley of guilt-free goodness.  If you have guilt to spare, the Greenhouse Kitchen features gelato that's flown in from Italy."}, {"review_id": "nIII3c46AAO6maty0NGK0g", "user_id": "iZuPeyqGXF0QisZXct8OLQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/14/2018", "text": "On a cold, wet and rainy Saturday afternoon; this was my bright spot. Parking is available along the street but make sure you pay attention to the signs for when you have to feed the meters.Just a brief wait to be seated, but an enjoyable time watching all the orders being prepared and the décor of the place. We were led downstairs and seated and allowed to review the menu for our selections. There are so many things I wanted to try and justifies why I must return.When your food is presented, it is a feast for the eyes and a treat for your palette. If I had to change one thing, I would've selected a different salad dressing for my particular salad. Otherwise, I was content and enjoyed the ambiance. My self-proclaimed carnivore (aka, my Gremlin) actually enjoyed his salad and had many positive remarks on its ingredients, flavor profile and quantity. He tried horchata for the first time and thoroughly enjoyed it. My hibiscus drink was just sweet enough and paired well with my food.If you are military; they do offer a discount. This place is great for catching up, having a solo lunch while you read or work. I'm eagerly anticipating my return to conquer the menu."}, {"review_id": "yy0BTJ5HWBpYKNUfMw_A1w", "user_id": "4pAKe2UGh3A3-gtSJC1-nw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/18/2017", "text": "Don't like salad?? I think this place will quickly change your mind!! No these are not your typical leafy bland salads covered in dressing. The Green House Kitchen offers some of the best salads you probably will ever have. No I'm not exaggerating! Maybe a tad, but I really mean it! I love the decor of this place. It is cozy and aesthetically pleasing. All of their foods are served in very pretty wooden bowls. Their is seating on the main floor and even more in the basement. The staff here is always very friendly! It is owned by the same people who own the next door restaurant, Grilled Cheese Bistro. This restaurant specializes in making distinctive salad creations. Their salads include a creative combination of different foods that pair so well with each other. They also offer soups and flat breads that change daily. Make sure to also check out some of the other foods available on the menu. I highly recommend trying their twist on eloté! It's amazing! All of their ingredients are made fresh. Even their salad dressings are prepared in house. One of my favorite salads to order is the Thai Me Up. It consists of leafy greens at the base, with soba noodles, flank steak, and slaw. It comes with a side of Thai ginger dressing. The most recent salad that I tried was the Sugar & Spice. It came with chicken, butternut squash, couscous, carrots, and cranberries all on top of a bed of greens. The recommend dressing is the balsamic vinaigrette. The mixture of all these ingredients was delectable! Normally I hate croutons, but their homemade croutons are the best thing ever. Be prepared to come here hungry because their portions are more than filling! If you still have room for desert, make sure to try their gelato! I always rave about how amazing this place is. Give it a try, I promise it won't disappoint."}, {"review_id": "YfdvWuNcjkqQllcZnVu8oQ", "user_id": "nm6rVuEUUjaxjC5K0bvlWg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/21/2018", "text": "The green house is one of my favorite spots in Norfolk. It has been awhile, about a year, since I had been here but still great taste and staffs. Only thing I noticed that was different than last time is that they have removed pork from the menu and substituted with chicken thighs. We were a party of 3 and went around 12:45 on a snowy Wednesday. Waited around 15 minutes to be seated. Once seated we ordered a flat bread to share. You can never go wrong with any of their flat breads. All are really good. I didn't get any special drink this time but the hibiscus tea is really good and also the mint tea. We ordered 3 salads in addition and it was perfect amount of food for us to say the least. We were stuffed!Only thing I would complain about this time is that it took way too long for us to get our food. At least 30 minutes which was okay but I was definitely checking my back to see if the waiter was carrying our food.Priced reasonably. Delicious food. Great service. Would recommend!"}, {"review_id": "Hb_VFg1zTDLCSOf3IvyJIg", "user_id": "y8jJ9rC-g39N-GhI-Wlo8g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/8/2018", "text": "The Green House kitchen has some of the best salads in Norfolk and some great ambiance to boot. With dining areas on the street level and in the intimate, plant covered basement, the Kitchen features some of the most robust salads in the area, even if the drink menu is completely unimpressive. With a selection of leafy salads served in huge bowls ranging from 12 to 18 dollars per person (roughly 28 dollars if shared), the Green House Kitchen has expansive portions that will satisfy even the hungriest customers. The salads can be customized with various vegetables and artisan cheeses allowing customers to create quality meals that are filling and nutritious, with more than enough food to take some home afterwards.The restaurant also features Taste of the Day appetizers such as tomato flatbreads and hearty soups such as broccoli chicken with rich broths. My only complaint is that the drink menu, amazing horchata aside, is very small, with only 2-3 beers on tap and an equally small amount of wines. For someone who prefers to have libations with his greens, this is disappointing.Due to the popularity of The Green House Kitchen, reservations are a good idea. Not my favorite restaurant in downtown Norfolk, but certainly a health conscious option with some inspired ambiance."}, {"review_id": "ahi7MR26l4vBiPfgtSGcEA", "user_id": "F13ettiR_VOkAhW9sVw4Dw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/3/2018", "text": "Mist try if you're tired of a burger and greasy foods. A break is always good. Greens were fresh! Service was quick and very friendly. My only complaints are that the Thai Salad dressing was sweeter and not just full of ginger. As well as seating, it was all around uncomfortable. We ended up moving from the high table to a small round table that became available. The high table needs smaller bar stools. If I'm ever down in Norfolk again, I'll be back to try a different salad."}, {"review_id": "idzJjw9_7t5UPqROnLM5Bg", "user_id": "_tEiJs38BkCJvc5sf_y_4Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/17/2017", "text": "This is one of my favorite places in downtown Norfolk. The staff is always extremely nice and we always have great service. I really enjoy the atmosphere of this place, too - it's so cozy. It's a good place to go with friends or a date night.One thing that I really like about this place is that everything is so fresh. You walk in and see the corn and basil and avocados that they are using right for your salads. I also like how they use local bread. Their bread is so yummy - especially the croutons!What's good to get there? Literally anything on the menu!  For starters, I like the flat bread and their bread with the salted butter. Anything there goes great with their Sangria. For the main dish, some of my favorite salads are El Ranchero and Sundara. El Ranchero has flank steak with rainbow potatoes, Parmesan cheese, and a fried egg with horseradish dressing. The Sundara has salmon with chick peas and mango in a tzatziki dressing."}, {"review_id": "hhKHbWYFdbTOkC8eoDS3UA", "user_id": "qpGJaq2LCXx0dIX9m2f0dg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/20/2017", "text": "Great service, great menu, great food! My husband and I entered, and we were immediately greeted and had the option of eating outside, downstairs or a table at the front.  We chose the table in the front, and anyone could sit down with you while eating in the front.  That option was fine with us, networking is always a plus! We ordered their flatbread, it had some weird ingredients combined on it such as blueberries, tomatoes, gorgonzola cheese, blue cheese, along with balsamic vinaigrette but it was so good!  I also ordered their Elote, and to be honest, I would definitely come here again JUST for their Elotes! They grill it and put a chimmichurri aioli over it that is a must try! I had their Thai me up salad it contained greens, steak, thai coleslaw, soba noodles, and a ginger sauce.  It was okay, I enjoyed it without the noodles.  My husband ordered their ranchero salad and it had greens, fried egg, steak, greens, and a horseradish dressing that was overwhelmed with a strong horseradish taste and scent.  If you love horseradish, that dressing is definitely for you. I wanted to try their ice cream, so I ordered a butter pecan ice cream but i'm sure that's not what I got.  I got something that was overly sweet with caramel filled chocolates in it.  I addressed it to the waitress, and she asked if I would prefer something else but I didn't want it to just get thrown away.  Other then that it's a great spot to try out.  Food is great, parking kind of sucks but it's downtown so it's expected.  BTW, they give a military discount."}, {"review_id": "XV9jokymhB0U10nuNzubSw", "user_id": "0J63buZkSN6KpDPOwY9Bog", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/7/2018", "text": "What a great way to start the 2018 Sunday brunch year! Found this place as we were hunting for a new brunch spot, and so glad that we did!Location: Right on Granby street - next to the Grilled Cheese Bistro (their sister restaurant) and on the cross street of Freemason. If you know Norfolk, you're probably street parking or paying for a little lot, or you can go to the city garage. The place is ADORABLE when you walk in - beautiful blend of rustic features with LOTS of wood elements (from the décor to what comes to the table (see photos)). Didn't expect it, but we walked past the expo kitchen with a few tables right up front down a set of stairs to a cute downstairs area with about 9 or so tables. Ambiance is very relaxing - wood, rustic elements, fresh tulips on the tables, and nice, dim lighting.Service: Great from start to finish. Greeted with big smiles. Server was ready to share recommendations and their specials (so special, she had to check w/ the chef as we were the first ones there this morning).Food: So much thought in the plating and presentation. The brunch menu is a mix of brunch type of items you're used to (special pancakes, benny, omelet, etc.) and their layered salads mixed in. We started with a mimosa flight - yes - served in 4 flutes on a wood flute carry tray. Had orange, pear, peach, and mango juice - lovely. Ordered the house bread (it changes) which was chocolate bread served with cream cheese and fig jam (see pic) on a cute wood board and you get mini wood boards for each person to eat from. For the main dish, I ordered Sandara - a beautiful seared piece of salmon over greens and topped with fresh mango, delicious fresh croutons, curried chickpeas, and a thick tzatziki sauce. It was fantastic. For \"dessert,\" we shared the yogurt dish they had - fresh, thick yogurt drizzled with honey and served with a massive side of toppings - granola, dried cranberries, blueberries, bananas, apples, chocolate chips, and BACON. Comes with tongs to top your yogurt. All honesty, you'd need like 3 more yogurt servings to use all the topping they give (I took the leftover topping and am pretty sure I can use the remainder of it on yogurt for the rest of the week!).Note: All dishes have the open of for 1 or for 2 - my pic is \"for 1\" and there was no way I was finishing it. So if you're a first timer, grab a few for 1 to share and you'll still have leftovers. No doubt we'll be back! Our server said that during the week, they're open for lunch and dinner (with a break in between) and they have about 12 salads on the menu and soup. Cannot wait to try more of this deliciousness!"}, {"review_id": "ZUdSG_XAAt7IrZECVjXBJg", "user_id": "OLy7CLJGy-5vdQY1VKPrYA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "7/18/2017", "text": "The Green House Kitchen exceeds all my expectations when it comes to dining out! So if you're wondering whether you should come here, the answer is a heck yeah what are you waiting for?! This being my first time, walking into the restaurant was a bit confusing. The first floor boasted a take-out style front, with just one table. We were greeted immediately though and asked how many in our party before escorting us downstairs where their dining room is. My first impression to my husband was, \"Holy shit, this place is super cute.\" If you're trying to be aesthetic on Instagram, or any other social media you're into this is the place to visit. It's very rustic with a lot of plants -- ines on pillars, cute little succulents on tables and wall décor, and of course flowers. We ordered a pitcher of sangria, Thai Me Up, and El Ranchero. If you're not a big drinker, and there's only two of you, I advice to just get a glass each because a pitcher is a lot (learn from my experience). I'm usually not a fan of red wine, but the sangria was delicious. It had the perfect balance between the wine and whatever else is mixed in there, so it was not overpowering. The Thai Me Up was also delicious, but it does have a kick to it. If you're not a fan of spicy food, I don't recommend it because the ginger is very strong. I found myself digging into my husband's salad just to cool down my palate on one or two occasions. The El Ranchero was absolutely delicious. The roasted potatoes were perfect, and the steak on BOTH salads were a perfect medium rare (again if you like your meat more on the well done side, make sure to mention it to your waiter/waitress). Last but not least, our server was BEYOND amazing. I wish I could remember her name, but she was very sweet, friendly, and of course was very in tune with whatever we needed while we were there. I personally had a little too much to drink (I'm not much of a drinker these days so I can't handle my alcohol) and she brought my bread before I left and also made sure I had water to take with me for the road. I wish you are seated with her while you're there, bc she's just great. OH! And last but not AT ALL least, their house made croutons ARE TO DIE FOR. Seriously, they were amazing and I was very tempted to ask to buy a sack to take home with me. Maybe I'll do that on my next visit!"}, {"review_id": "-llbCwdfjoZim6PhMfkOUg", "user_id": "nC9002NP3w8RDW6evEirHg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "I love grilled cheese bistro and when I heard green house kitchen was run by the same owner I knew I had to try it. The portions here are huge so you will definitely have leftovers. I forget the name but I got the salad with flank steak, potatoes and eggs. It was beyond amazing and it gave me two meals for the following day. I will definitely be going back."}, {"review_id": "gx3LeKclqNvfBWau1Xg-hA", "user_id": "AMlG4aXYVuzP7jdArpPXlQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/15/2017", "text": "Green House Kitchen is one of my favorite spots in Norfolk. Just get the Sugar & Spice with a side of goat cheese. I keep trying to get different things from this place, but I always end up back with that particular salad.It's not cheap, but every ingredient is top quality and prepared with thought. I'd highly recommend going with 3-4 people, splitting a large salad and maybe a flatbread. It's plenty of food. I can't finish the large salad with my partner, and we're both big eaters.I wish they had a little more variety in their drink menu, otherwise I'm a happy customer!"}, {"review_id": "awvmNipr58EL3FmsDVlsVQ", "user_id": "sOr9U3HdTfU0PX9o8f3Oew", "rating": 1.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "Quite RUDE host staff.   Never was greeted or offered a seat. Sooo, never ate here. WILL NOT RETURN!"}, {"review_id": "1QiRwXabrvagaiNznqv6dA", "user_id": "YtqPbalSb8KVreaQMR7p7A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/21/2017", "text": "I never order salads at restaurants but this place has (pretty much) nothing but. It had super good reviews so I had to try it out and I have to say I was not disappointed! The place is pretty small so we went right at six when it reopened for the evening and immediately got seated (you can also reserve a seat because I saw a table with a reserved sign on it). They have a bunch of premade salad orders or you can make your own; I opted for the Autumn and a sweetened hibiscus tea. The tea was good and the salad was HUGE. Every ingredient was fresh and came together perfectly. It was definitely enough for two people to share. This is definitely the place to go if you're looking for something a little different and fresh. Who knew a salad could be so delicious and filling!!"}, {"review_id": "wNvik1NtWR1LV5XfjcfNLA", "user_id": "oAdS1AI3gQHGFLVXb5qsjA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/15/2017", "text": "Such a cute little restaurant located in downtown Norfolk!  1100 Saturday morning my friends and I decided to get some brunch. We met up at Green House, and to our delight ANd surprise...absolutely loved the fact that we were eating salads for...brunch. LolLocation: there's plenty of parking nearby and on the street. Seating: there's a table that sits 5 people on the top floor with additional seating downstairs. Keep the party to 6 or less for comfort. Ambiance: country kitchen chic, intimate and fun for a get together with close friends. Service: excellent, friendly and fun!Food: delicious. Single serving salads are actually enough to feed two people. I got the masterpiece and loved every bite!  Fresh ingredients, delicious goat cheese and crispy bacon.  Another delicious salad was the \"everything but the kitchen sink\" This place serves mimosas and a small assortment of \"brunchy\" cocktails including a delicious sangria. So bring your friends and come check this place out. ;) and enjoy"}, {"review_id": "TltbZ2VQNDtF8JXuFb3X6A", "user_id": "1CkjIwVBP3_nrq3Nd0I2ZQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/13/2017", "text": "Wowzers! Yes yes and more yes! As a lover of \"clean\" food this place made me oh so excited! Came here with a friend and was served the gosh darn hugest salad I've ever seen in my life! And not only was it huge but each bite was incredible! I'll keep this short and sweet because other than \"GO EAT HERE RIGHT NOW\" I can't say too much. Our server was amazing. She was attentive, sweet, and knowledgeable. Our food was large, fresh, and freaking delicious!! Atmosphere was trendy, hippy, open, clean, and inviting. It's close to the mall so if you're a weird-o about parking (not much of a city driver, err, parker) then just park at the mall and walk here. By the looks of our Grilled Cheese Bistro cups I'm assuming these restaurants are related? Both damn delicious so it makes sense! Woo! 5 stars easily! Would give more stars if I could! Been a long time since I've had food this good! THANK YOU!"}, {"review_id": "CEqXmrnac6BCTnJqly80iA", "user_id": "bj49D4cftsnEr8cXtoFfRg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/26/2017", "text": "Wow!  This is an absolutely beautiful restaurant that serves amazing beautiful food. My steak and potatoes Hubby wouldn't appreciate a place like this, so I checked it out with my daughter. We were NOT disappointed. Since it was our first time here, we wanted to get a feel for the place and ordered apps. The bread and herbed butter was wonderful. Not sure what kind of bread it was, but it was whole grain with some seeds - served warm it was crusty on the outside, soft and yummy on the inside. We then had the ears of charred corn. Oh my the flavor!!  It finishes with a lot of heat though, so if you are not into spice, beware. We were then served two of the hugest most beautifully presented salads I have ever seen!  The girl had the Thai Me Up which came with perfectly cooked steak (I could have made a meal of that alone!), a wonderful oriental style coleslaw, noodles all served over a big bed of greens with an amazing oriental vinaigrette. I got the Everything But The Kitchen Sink. They aren't kidding!  Chicken breast, bacon, handmade mozzarella (which would be killer in a caprese!), red and yellow grape tomatoes, carrots, olives, shaved ham and other goodies. The in house made blue cheese dressing was to die for!Honestly, we were sure we'd need to go boxes, but it was all just so darned good, we couldn't stop eating!  Salad could not be done any better. The fast, friendly service ensures we'll be back."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/the-green-house-kitchen-norfolk?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]