[[{"review_id": "LTOHO_ZoYF7qdIsZz_lSxQ", "user_id": "gCnjLyU0HR7wPrcC-5v74g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/15/2018", "text": "My husband and I were going to be in Norfolk for the day and were looking for a good place for lunch. Chartreuse Bistro wasn't good, it was EXCELLENT!From the moment we entered to two hours later when we left we were in heaven. The wait staff was so professional and the food was perfect. Our salmon was cooked to perfection.Cannot wait to return."}, {"review_id": "T_PqE94oJmOaJi2OdoI3lA", "user_id": "N-zGQ2j0GxF8Q_qmWfv32w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/26/2018", "text": "Took my friend for her birthday lunch. Such a quaint place. Music was perfect. Food was excellent. I got the pasta and she got the pork tenderloin. The wine list is extensive and not what you'd find at most restaurants. The European flavor of the food took me back to my childhood."}, {"review_id": "fN3nMeovPDzKhVABmHkx_A", "user_id": "PywvITxGPWEAT9_xHPzolw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/10/2017", "text": "I will start by saying, if Yelp had a 20 star system rating scale, I'd give Chartruese Bistro 20 stars.I took my girlfriend here for her birthday on a Friday evening.  We had reservations for 7:30 but arrived around 7:15 and were seated promptly by a very friendly and gracious host. Seconds after we were seated our water glasses were filled and were provided with a drink menu. Our french accented server appeared two minutes later and explained the restaurant's farm to table approach to dining and answered a few of our questions prior to ordering our drinks. My girlfriend ordered the Chartruese Champagne and I opted for the blackberry-lemon martini.  Both were excellent, so much so that my girlfriend ordered two more glasses of champagne.  I had to stop at one martini because I drank it too fast.  A testament as to how good it was.  I opted to switch to beer, and while they don't have the largest beer selection, it's a good selection.  A majority of the beers available are from Evil Twin brewing company, a craft beer brewery out of Brooklyn, NY.  In addition to Evil Twin, they had some local bottles as well - but I went with Evil Twin Retro IPA, an excellent (low IBU) IPA. For my appetizer, I chose the White Fish and Turnip soup. Excellent first course. The soup's base was reminiscent of a she-crab soup, not a bisque.  Very light and flavorful.  Could have used a touch of pepper, but outstanding on it's own, as the chef intended it to be.  My girlfriend's first course was the Organic Green Salad, with Blackberry Vinaigrette, Pistachio, Beets and Gouda.  It was flavorful and the ingredients worked together very well. For the main course, I chose the Chesapeake Bay Rock Fish. It was served with Purple Osaka, peppered sour cream and a bacon and sweet potato puree.  Just like my girlfriend's salad, the composition of the ingredients worked in favor of each other. I pretty much licked my plate clean, as I did with the soup. My girlfriend had the House Made Spaghetti with Parmesan Cream, Goji Berries, Kale, and Sunflower Gremolata. She loved it, and her being Italian, that opinion carries some weight.  We dined at a very well-rated  \"authentic\" Italian restaurant  earlier in the week, and she liked the pasta better at Chartruese than the aforementioned 5-Star rated Italian restaurant. For the dessert, I chose the Coconut Cream Cake and she opted to go with the Vanilla Bean Crème Brulee. Both were very good. I'm not a cake guy, but I love coconut, so I'll order pretty much anything where coconut is the highlighted ingredient. Texturally speaking, it was spot on. Not your typical, boring box cake. This cake was dense, moist, layered with dates and accompanied with two small mint sprigs and two dollops of homemade whipped cream - and I loved it.  I had a bite of the Crème Brulee.  It was your average Crème Brulee; baked custard with a torched sugar top. My only complaint would be that the torch was held a little too long in certain spots causing it to burn portions of the crust. The bite I had, came from one of those burned spots, and it threw the taste off for me.  Regardless, we finished both of the desserts in their entirety. Chartruese earned the top spot for our new favorite, higher-end restaurant. The service was impeccable. Our server was professional, beyond attentive and kind - as was the host and the support staff. The restaurant's front end is not very big, perhaps eight tables, and one would assume eight tables in a relatively small environment would illicit feelings of claustrophobia, but it didn't.  Rather, it was inviting and comforting. Not sure how they pulled that illusion off, but it works. The food was great.  I literally finished EVERYTHING from all three courses, as did my girlfriend. And despite having three courses, we weren't bloated; rather, we were pleasantly full.If you want to celebrate an anniversary, a birthday, or if you you want to have an intimate / romantic dinner with your partner, go to Chartruese Bistro. Dining here exceeds the expectations of a fine dining experience. You won't be disappointed."}, {"review_id": "Gt2fBbxRnBcq_zN3JV4s9w", "user_id": "vto2ZSitJ8Br_RtkFv38Mg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/10/2017", "text": "This place was AMAZING!! I have wanted to try Chartreuse for a while now and finally got to go for my birthday lunch! I was so very happy! We had several of their craft cocktails (all delicious) and a wonderful selection of their ever-changing menu items! The beet gazpacho was to die for! The sprinkling of black pepper on top really set it off! We also had the peach and blue cheese focaccia that was quite delicious! My entrée was homemade spaghetti noodles with a light mushroom and white wine sauce. The portion was just the right size. My husband had the salmon, which was also very good. The tomatoes were out of the chef's garden!We finished off with an almond blueberry roulade. OH MY GOODNESS!!! I honestly could've eaten the whole thing by myself. It was so wonderful! The coffee was also super tasty!Let me not forget about the outstanding service that we also received! This is definitely a place that I will want to come to again and again!"}, {"review_id": "2nB8478ObtJ96JKgy1LC2g", "user_id": "cfbMqqAPZ6xuY60yFRldNg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/12/2017", "text": "The decor has a very minimalist, French, art gallery feel. It is a charming, quaint space that utilizes great colors and unique pieces. The large windows and white walls enlarges the space and compliments the organic, fresh menu.  I went for the gnocchi and stayed for the homemade fettuccini! The service was amazing, welcoming, professional and worth every penny in combination with the quality of the food.  The menu changes daily and produce is organic and locally sourced. It was so good we actually ordered the fettuccini twice,  paired with a great medium bodied red wine, then had the devil's food cake for dessert with the Rainwater dessert wine.  I was not disappointed. I Highly recommend this place!  From the ambience to food and the service, it is clear that this husband and wife team put their dreams and passion into this venture and it shows! Best of luck to you both and thank you for an amazing dinner!! Cannot wait to visit Norfolk again simply to enjoy the creations of this master Chef and the pleasantry of the good staff!"}, {"review_id": "yGb15dKJDccdiVfIfUHlyw", "user_id": "2sMZdiFvZEqqFx_sDwKjzA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/10/2016", "text": "If you love a farm to table place to eat. This is the place to be!! I liked that it was in the historic district part of Norfolk. It's beautiful at night to walk along the streets. To get a little feel of a city and but get the quietness you'd get from a little town.I like that u get a classy dining experience and high quality organic produce and poultry that is freshmy selected for each course on the menu. They change their menu often and showcase what's in season.My friend invited me here and I was so in love with the atmosphere. It was opened late. Business professionals all enjoying their drinks at the bar. More for the grown up crowd. I loved that it's good place to be and converse on a Friday night. Have a couple drinks making it very relaxing. I started of with a martini with fresh strawberries from our Virginia beach local farm. It came with lime and sparking, vodka for my martini.Had to dive into the second course and order me the duck!! It was cooked perfectly and the creamed puréed sauce married the duck so perfectly. I tried my friend's entree which was a potato gnocchi with oyster mushrooms and Brussels sprouts. That was amazing. The gnocchi was made with just the right amount of dough and potato melted like a custard. The quality of food was AMAZING.Dessert was my favorite of all. It was the BEST creme brûlée I've had in my life! It was light and smooth, they browned the sugAr so perfectly that there was no chat taste. I loved that they had a good layer of crystallized sugar to break into.. OMG I was in love. I tried my friends strawberry shortcake. It looked nothing like a typical short cake. It was decorated beautifully And they did a good job of making the strawberries the highlight.I ended my night with French pressed coffee with a shot of baileys! I love the difference in taste that the French press gives. Super quality and smooth coffee with my Baileys mixed it! I love this place!Too bad I can't make this place somewhere that I would go often due to the price but definitely a place for a date or with friends who love superior quality of food and go for this type of atmosphere."}, {"review_id": "KV69qgN1Ov1K46GQ96WtYA", "user_id": "itW3L9xEkbEh4cm7H8typg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/22/2017", "text": "Cozy ambiance--6 or 7 tables, all arranged in a charming, intimate setting.Fantastic food.  Our table had two vegetarian risottos (they made one vegan for me!), one salmon, and one terrific linguine (they make the pasta in-house, and it shows).  The salads had fresh, flavorful greens (kale and mizuma), baby beets, almonds, etc.  There was a delicious sorrel soup.  Desserts were off the charts, including an apple cake, a cheese plate, and--again for me--a vegan banana puree with fresh fruit.  Divine!  Also house-made pumpkin bread with delicious olive oilFriendly and extraordinarily helpful service.  They were very accommodating.  We called late to reserve a table, and they only had one at 9:30.  They then called me back later to let me know one had opened up at 8:45!   Which was great.  We were a noisy group and stayed late, and they were so helpful and nice from beginning to end.One of the co-owners is also the wine buyer, and I swear she spent 15 minutes talking with me about some wines on the list, and we ended up with two terrific wines.  I even learned about biodynamic wine production!This is by far the best restaurant I've been to in the Norfolk/Portsmouth area.  Like, by leagues.  Farm to table, fresh, everything made in house, accommodating to people's diets.... Wow."}, {"review_id": "oqq1VbVfXrSXsdZ0iJJDsQ", "user_id": "UXx6gGjKNf3S69V-ZxEuqg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/4/2017", "text": "This place is absolutely amazing! My wife and I tried it for lunch on her birthday and everything fat exceeded expectations. I tried the beet gazpacho, the goat cheese focaccia, and the grilled salmon salad. Everything was spectacular, will definitely be going back!"}, {"review_id": "zKPK3yzcmV13eQMboTIKlQ", "user_id": "SIpqyyE8i2RfFApWFtb5eg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/5/2017", "text": "I found this place here on Yelp, great reviews, so I set up my gps to walk there, and couldn't find it. I'll let you figure that one out, I won't spoil the adventure. In any case, once inside, the ambiance was very cute, romantic even though I dined alone. The menu changes every day. I had rock fish crudo as starter, and duck for main dish, and was absolutely amazing. And the service was just outstanding. Highly recommended."}, {"review_id": "eXH7WXSl9O5RwlyAWcmRmQ", "user_id": "-RFX6k2bJFJZU7IlZoAMIg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/21/2017", "text": "Quite the culinary experience! Love the local, organic model with the menu changing daily. Fortunately they always have a salmon dish on the menu because it's SO FREAKIN' GOOD. My husband ordered the Dover sole, which was good but a tad overly executed for such a light fish. Excellent cocktails, lovely wines by the glass to pair with entrees. Great place for a date night with your special someone!"}, {"review_id": "zzf2s-HdWnxACSOTj5Z-aQ", "user_id": "r8IjY8wDhXzPSPmE4i833g", "rating": 3.0, "date": "8/7/2017", "text": "I had heard amazing things about Chartreuse and was so excited about their \"farm-to-table\" approach. As a person who loves to cook I was excited to see what the chef would do! We made dinner reservations for my birthday on a Saturday night and had to settle for an 8:45 pm table. This was ok since we were driving over from The Peninsula and didn't want tunnel traffic. The staff did call me to tell me they could seat us earlier, at 8:30.   When we arrived there were 3 empty tables so I am not sure why we couldn't have had an earlier reservation??? Unlike other reviewers we did not get any sort of introduction about the restaurant. And it was very dark inside which I found made it difficult to read the menu and to see what I was eating.  I ordered duck and my husband the sea bass. I opted out of a first course because I really wanted to save room for dessert.  Had I know the tiny portion I would receive I may have ordered a First Course too.  We placed our order and it seemed to take a very long time to bring out 2 meals when the rest of the restaurant was almost empty at 9:15pm.  While I will say my duck was delicious it was only 2 pieces, with a purée and some carrots. I will say that for the price I was expecting more food, and a nicer presentation. It was a bit of a letdown. The orange, cardamom creme brûlée was yummy. My husband said his fish was ok. But he didn't seem overwhelmed and again the presentation wasn't any nicer than fish on a plate.  As we finished our dessert a table of 4 was seated next to us and the chef came out to greet them and chat for awhile. They must have been regulars because we got no such greeting. We left and drove back across the bridge and my husband asked me to stop for a Snickers bar because he was still hungry.... so that sums it up. Would I go back? No, not worth the effort. 3 stars because my duck was good. A bit of a letdown. Maybe you need to know the chef to get treated better and get bigger portions???"}, {"review_id": "7TeM-SOOR45VHaNAYvjJaQ", "user_id": "ucdbBDj-SJV0HqRDEeBLOA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/5/2017", "text": "Easily a top 3 restaurant in the area. Top notch food,  environment, drinks, service. Leslie is always an amazing waitress. Consistently five star dining experience every time. Special gem in Hampton Roads."}, {"review_id": "CBs6IAG1aDjzrimBb_3xOw", "user_id": "3iiOYOWCgk8oIBQGNlCg5w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/21/2017", "text": "The four of us, all from San Francisco area, ate lunch here yesterday around 1:45 p.m. clearly at the end of Chartreuse's lunch hour. We were dressed \"very casually\", and despite the tables being nearly filled by business persons, we were warmly welcomed and given a table by the window. Since we were about to get on a flight home, we had decided this lunch would be our main dinner meal.The butternut soup with corn was outstanding, complex and flavorful- three of us had it. We nearly ordered another round! We had also ordered three of the green salads with peaches. They were special with just the right touch of dressing. Additionally, we truly enjoyed the pasta dish with vegetables and scallops with risotto.  The pasta dish had a light sauce and plenty of delicately cooked vegetables. The pasta was homemade and cooked perfectly. My husband, who loves scallops that are crusted but still tender on the inside, raved about the risotto dish-- all dishes were as attractive to look at as they were great to eat. Not to forget dessert, the chocolate cake was over-the-top fantastic.Just to give you an example of the fine service, in our group of four, we had three picky ice tea drinkers. When they heard the ice tea was Jasmine, frowns resulted.  The server offered tastes of the Jasmine ice tea-of-the-day as well as the alternative of brewing a black tea just for them and then chilling it with ice. They ended up enjoying the Jasmine tea and ordered it. I was impressed that she was willing to go to the effort of brewing a special tea for them. Not only did they enjoy the glass she brought, but asked for multiple refills! Each time, Karine pleasantly filled their glass or brought them a fresh one. We enjoyed incredible service.For those of you who are foodies from parts of the world that brag about their local cuisine, go to Chartreuse Bistro if you are in Norfolk. You will be impressed. The small restaurant - maybe 12 tables, serves outstanding food, with each dish prepared with a loving, respectful touch for the ingredients.  The all organic menu changes often and has a reasonable number of choices to satisfy even our friends, who prefer American \"meat and potato\" meals. There are many special touches in this bistro, from unusual metal straws in drinks, to cool modern silverware on shiny black tables, to individual cloth towels in the bathrooms.  It was a delightful surprise for us- I just wish it was located near us so we could eat there again and again as the food was really great for a fair price."}, {"review_id": "Thatg-NnJXr1_LCTI3UGPA", "user_id": "ibhkdMnXnpGU23FFLNa-vw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/17/2016", "text": "Been here 3 times & absolutely loved it every time. The menu changes daily based upon what's available & in season. Every food item is outstanding. Little expensive but definitely worth every penny. Only positive things to say! It's a cozy, intimate environment. Definitely make a reservation; only a few tables. Hands down, this is my favorite restaurant in all of Hampton Roads."}, {"review_id": "gykWGPeD1YxbXHwzbQxR9A", "user_id": "v6lwMEu6g60py15H_krS5A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/10/2017", "text": "I'm a foodie with a job that's 75% national travel, so I eat at a LOT of restaurants... my dinner at Chartreuse Bistro was one of the best meals I've ever had, anywhere. The menu changes daily based on what's fresh and available locally. Our server was knowledgeable about the menu and wine list and made solid recommendations. She was prompt, courteous, and never overbearing. Chartreuse Bistro has my highest recommendation and I will definitely be back!"}, {"review_id": "DQ96hUt9ZhxTI-dD755eYg", "user_id": "FXIp3hqTUh5t4ZKQs_EVNA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "7/31/2017", "text": "I love the ever-changing menu and the all-organic, locally sourced food. The recipes are unique, fun, and always played beautifully. Service was great! They are very friendly and explain everything about every dish on the menu!"}, {"review_id": "dZPox67m9CLhjrNV7Sci1Q", "user_id": "UBiYBJtgZ4BC0gwXW2Yf-A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/24/2014", "text": "Pricey, but delicious. I feel like such a hippy admitting that it's worth the price.I wasn't crazy about the aloe-grapefruit martini. The service was okay. Not warm, but not bad. But, the food.... It was manna from heaven! Seriously, that good. Easily 8 stars out of 5!My entree was, basically, fancy grilled cheese!  Why in the world does it haunt me, months after the fact?  It was so good!  The bread was crusty.  They used the perfect type and amount of cheese. *smh*  Shame on them for making a glorified grilled cheese sandwich so unforgettable!I've had to accept the fact that I can't replicate their grilled cheese sandwich at home.  Reread that once more!  It's a cheese sandwich....  that is so good... so spectacular... that I cannot replicate it.  I cannot replicate this cheese sandwich.*sigh*  Okay, I'm done now.  Resigned to the fact that I just may go to a restaurant and order a \"Cheese Sandwich\".... AGAIN."}, {"review_id": "9izHfaOL0fOtQQpE5DVPqA", "user_id": "iW3vnP6ukQZlitCVzmmPXw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/29/2017", "text": "Such an interesting place to eat. The menu changes daily and I bet it's always awesome. This place is the real meaning of farm to table. We each got something different and tried everything and they were all delicious."}, {"review_id": "F00u5N0pgVjPQEPgOrErnQ", "user_id": "Sdp0giIWBJ03b6gHnYYynQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/7/2017", "text": "There is no restaurant to compare to Chartreuse in Norfolk. If you want the absolute best, dine here."}, {"review_id": "nHkUkorU8m0g27Vsvo2tKQ", "user_id": "4wJIrQpxMnBX4QGJjVL0ew", "rating": 5.0, "date": "7/16/2016", "text": "Some background - Although I live in NYC, over the past two years I spent a good amount of time in Norfolk for work, and as a result was able to eat at Chartreuse a few dozen times.The menu at Chartreuse changes daily based on what's available from the local farms, but the main courses for dinner usually include a house-made pasta, two seafood dishes, and 1-2 red meat dishes. I generally ordered the pasta, which in my experience was always amazing - the sauces tend to be on the lighter side, with flavors that balance perfectly with the veggies and cheese in the dish. Although I'm a lifelong vegetarian, the quality of food at Chartreuse convinced me to try the seafood on a couple occasions, and in particular I was a big fan of the tuna.Finally, any review of Chartreuse would be incomplete without including mention of the desserts. I'm not normally big on dessert, but at Chartreuse I never skipped it. In particular, the creme brulee is amazing here - the shell is perfectly crisp without tasting burnt, and unlike the creme brulee I've had everywhere else, it's not too heavy.If you live in the area or find yourself visiting the Norfolk/Virginia Beach area, you owe it to yourself to try Chartreuse!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/chartreuse-bistro-norfolk?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]