[[{"review_id": "mT91vDxvjwDyfhfGMJ6xbw", "user_id": "ssojL8eysqAGYo1AMWLB3Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/24/2018", "text": "My absolute favorite restaurant in Chesapeake! We've had nothing but great visits here. Every time is a delight!We've gotten the meatloaf, green beans, yellow squash, salad with homemade garlic dressing, prime rib, crab with artichoke dip... all have been fabulous. Reasonable portions and excellent price. The owner is a delight and clearly both she and her employees love what they do. There there specials weekly online or via text... who doesn't love a special? For a family with three young children, the best is that our children are welcomed. While it can be noisy/or very quiet inside (it's like an open home style)... our children were welcomed without reserve. We don't let them run crazy, but having a welcome owner was a sigh of relief! There are even toys in the entry way for them to play with."}, {"review_id": "9TFND_f-SkKfq1XlhbsElQ", "user_id": "MG2Ruz3sty28K0k4QubQMg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/21/2017", "text": "This place was recommended by several long term Chesapeake residents, and we were pleasantly surprised by the food and atmosphere. The restaurant is a former house situated about a block off Battlefield Blvd in a residential area. Inside the restaurant offers a cozy and warm setting.We ordered the sausage wonton appetizer, black bean soup (special), salad with homemade garlic dressing, crab cakes with sweet potatoes and green beans, and meatloaf with Mac n cheese and green beans. The food was flavored perfectly and it is hard to say what was my favorite item, although they served some of the best green beans and sweet potatoes I've ever eaten. If you have been thinking about trying this place GO! It is a hidden gem in Great Bridge, and we will definitely be back for dinner."}, {"review_id": "cbUQ3ldjjIYQGsk4oy8KCg", "user_id": "cp4KK1WzziduX6yKedpcyQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/11/2017", "text": "This is only my 2nd visit here & I really wish I lived closer!! Holy smokes that was an amazing meal!! I went with the Crab cake, a big prawn, sweet potato mash, Mac n cheese & followed the instructions to have the corn salsa & jalapeño remoulade WITH the crab cake. My goodness that was delicious! I started with a simple, but tasty tomato basil cup of soup & that warmed me up on this chilly November day.I love the quaintness of the restaurant dining room. Deb came by & checked on me mid meal & her friendliness is so genuine, it's quite refreshing. Quana was my server & didn't leave me wanting for anything. I've been following them on facebook since my last visit for a Yelp! Event about a year ago or so & I don't like review a restaurant off one visit if I intend to return. Sadly it took me a year to get back to this part of Chesapeake. But I remembered that they had the sweetest, yet oddly not a sugary sweet, sweet potato mash. So I ordered that along with the Mac n cheese as my sides. They really put a lot of love into their dishes & it shows. I am not a big Mac n cheese guy, it just has never been my thing, but they do it so well I could see myself ordering it again. Perfect consistency with not too much cheese, I loved it & actually ate it all. I order the sweet potato mash to get me that sweet tooth fix so I don't gorge myself on dessert. Kinda weird how Glutton & Gluten are spelled so similarly hahahaha I said it last time, I WILL be back, & it won't take another year either!"}, {"review_id": "Ph9ccfhXZHIa7k9McHWXAQ", "user_id": "8K4-2L_w1fBaSLac03UpZQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/6/2018", "text": "I took my mom, daughter and one of good friends here for lunch. The atmosphere was welcoming and pleasant. The food was excellent. The service was absolutely awesome. Our server's name was Nicole she was so sweet, attentive and a pleasure to be around. We met Deb the owner she was so sweet. The Caesar dressing is wonderful and the liver and onions was tender and so well done. We had a wonderful experience."}, {"review_id": "46tpbkR8oHeuqHtWQpP0CA", "user_id": "pe7suQwjzj57pdvidRJCRg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Stopped he for lunch on a road trip from nj to Mc. This was my husbands first attempt at using yelp and he nailed it! Delicious she crab soup. Crabcakes are all crabmeat and yummy. It looks like you are going into someone's house from the outside... since we are not local that was a little intimidating, but so glad we ventured in."}, {"review_id": "TZLdOw8Ds7MFInX14BysJg", "user_id": "7X4dgIM2DIflk7nv1hGf6w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/27/2017", "text": "I finally was able to try this place out, but then it occurred to me that I had tried their crab dip at the Yelp party and that this was the same place my friend had told me about having wanted to try and I had forgotten the name! Well.. haha turns out our waitress asked if we Yelp and I was hesitant to admit it and she said she thought she recognized me from the Yelp party! Ps she also makes the key lime pie ;-) I digress.. anyhow this is a quaint restaurant that is a house which has some tight parking in the front and has parking in the rear. They have a ramp access from the rear on the right side of the house if you are facing the front of the house for those who have wheelchairs or cannot maneuver steps.  There is outdoor seating in the front with a screened in porch. I believe this restaurant seats up to 55 people.  If you are active OR retired military show your ID when you're seated for 10% off your bill. We didn't know even though it says it on the board outside! I only read the lower half for some reason. Our service was great and the staff is laid back, very welcoming and friendly!!  They have a good number of gluten free options which are clearly marked. However, unfortunately I have not been very compliant with my gluten free/ sensitivity diet that I require. I did order a gluten free entree -the scallops with green beans and I chose the mashed potatoes. It was delectable, but the only thing I wished for were either larger scallops or more in quantity.  The crab dip is soooo good! I was bad and I had the lemon blueberry mascarpone cake. Come and give me some of that yum yum, chocolate chip, honey dip.. can I get a scoop?!! Sooooo good!! Even the unsweetened tea is really good! Come and try out this place for some home cooking made with love in a quaint,serene atmosphere. You'll feel right at home!"}, {"review_id": "uqiSDT4cn7HejUikRkEA9A", "user_id": "6ha1MVUiPAN7Q3JwgmHpCQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/19/2018", "text": "my fiancée and I have ordered from here several times on OrderUp and we can't get enough. The crab dip is fantastic. The prime rib and meatloaf are amazing. Each of their sides are so good that it reminds of that one grandma who cooked all day making everything from scratch. I should also mention that the Marscapone cake is to die for. We get it every time as possibly the best dessert in the area. I would also like to mention that we ordered a few times and they ended up giving us a free piece of cake just to say thank you which just goes to show how much they truly appreciate their clientele. I recommend that everyone goes here. You will be doing yourself a true service"}, {"review_id": "1lJ4zj6DHaLb3XDsdMu5Xg", "user_id": "ruGf0_oJMlJrYRPD5RN1ig", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/28/2018", "text": "Tonight was our first night of eating at the Ddeb's . We were pleasantly surprised by the romantic atmosphere in the small house but what was even better was the food that was served to us. We started with the Mediterranean salsa appetizer containing cherry tomatoes feta cheese olives and mango. It was not only delicious but it was beautiful. My husband had the crab stuffed rockfish and I had the special of the evening which was Gorgonzola prime rib over linguini.TheThe servings were large and extremely tasty. We ended the evening with the homemade raspberry cheesecake. We will definitely be back."}, {"review_id": "f7VZUawGyYeVvIvheDeynw", "user_id": "C1GePGCgkmy1_WNssFs7Bg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/15/2017", "text": "I have heard positive things about this business. My friends and I like to try different restaurants around the holidays. I chose this place and have to say, none of us were disappointed. Don't let the building fool you. I love this set up. It is a house but a restaurant! You enter the \"living room\" area which is the hostess desk, bar, and sitting area. It's decorated like a comfy home with holiday Decor, a couch, and recliner. The staff was very friendly and happy. I insistently felt at home. The eating areas appear to be the \"dinning room\" and an \"extra room\" area. It's small but not cramped. There was plenty of room for our group of 6 (only half showed up). I can see if it is busy there might be a space issue. The selection of food is very diverse. There were vegan, meat, seafood, and gluten free options. The prices were very reasonable. My food arrived fairly quick. We are very talkative women and when we started eating, no one talked for the first few minutes. There was lots of moaning and \"OMG this is good\" comments. I had the tomato basil soup and that was hearty and good. My entree was the herb and honey roasted chicken with green beans and mashed sweet potatoes. The green beans were fresh and crisp. Words don't do my meal justice. We plan to return for more dinners. I know I will be visiting for more \"home cooked\" meals. We all agreed our experience was like visiting a friend's home to have dinner. They serve alcohol drinks but none of us drank that night. This is a hidden treasure in Chesapeake. I can't wait to visit again!!"}, {"review_id": "NWVTFE6MbWN4JBKdo8s3Hg", "user_id": "93aWtTWTActypgdmv3qy0w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/16/2016", "text": "Shame on me for not reviewing earlier. I came here for a yelp event last month, just an intimate dinner with some Yelp friends. I have been so excited to try this place out before so lucky me I got to go to this dinner!The place is very eclectic and cozy. Deb and the employees were very friendly and attentive. We even got to meet the chef; he was able to pop out of the kitchen for a bit to introduce himself. We were able to taste several appetizers such as the Gorgonzola garlic bread, Mediterranean salsa with mango, & the sausage wontons. I didn't really care for the salsa, but the wontons were superb. I chose the crab cake with shrimp entree. The crab cakes were amazing! They were perfectly seasoned. I was a bit disappointed that there were only 2 shrimp atop the cakes, I was thinking it would have had a bit more. The remoulade was yummy. Their macaroni and cheese were great. Their dessert menu is a bit limited but their lemon blueberry cake was scrumptious! I can't wait to take the family here soon!"}, {"review_id": "nMWHJqfRVFaDBMqXtNHyOw", "user_id": "Uwh0WWSi83HbFPcnmY9RmA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/31/2016", "text": "Cruel me wants to give Ddeb's a 1 star review because she doesn't want to move to Virginia Beach.. But I just can't. So 5 deserved stars it is!Driving was definitely a stretch, but one I can gladly admit to be worth it! Once you get there, don't be fooled by its looks - a cute little house (literally) with what seems to be limited parking. That turned out not to be true since there is additional parking in the back as well as across the street. As for the house feel, that's what you'll get - a cozy, intimate, home feel from the minute you step in.As for food, I ordered the GF Herb and honey roasted chicken with zucchini and sweet mashed potatoes as the sides. Man oh man - was it incredibly delicious!! The chicken was cooked to perfection, flavorful, and made me feel warm and fuzzy inside. In fact, everything about Ddeb's will make you feel warm and fuzzy inside. From the homemade food, to the ambiance, to the friendly staff, and of course, Ms. Ddeb herself.Anyway, back to food.. that dessert!! I have to say, I'm not a big fan of cheesecake in general, but if you throw sweet potato to anything, 99% sure that will be my pick (hence the mashed sweet potatoes as well). I am not sorry I ordered the sweet potato cheesecake as it was fresh, yummy and again, made me feel like I was in a homemade family dinner - me being a child - as everything was so wonderful and with a certain magical feel.Yum, yum, yum! Shall I venture myself to Chesapeake again, this will be the eating spot."}, {"review_id": "4BnbrJEqDraFGPInVmNQNA", "user_id": "OOiKgdcA9jv0fc1akRJ0jw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/15/2017", "text": "I have held off writing this review for a while. In July, I wanted to take my girlfriend somewhere new for her birthday and I remembered that Ddeb's was on my list of places to try. We arrived a little after 11 on Saturday morning. This restaurant is a cute slightly modified house in a residential section of Great Bridge. Listen, coming from Suffolk, it was a bit of a hike, but I don't mind traveling for good food! Be careful on the front steps; they are rather steep. I was holding on to the rail for dear life. We were seated quickly and began to engross ourselves with the menu. Our server Nicole, who I met at the Yelp Birthday party did an amazing job accommodating us. Before I talk about how nice Nicole was, let me just say that the CRAB DIP here is literally THEE BEST crab dip that I have ever put between my double breasted lips. It was served with warm, soft points of a bread that I can't remember the name of. When I tell you I licked the platter clean.....now back to Nicole. Nicole went over the specials with us and left us to think about them. While she was gone, the 7 year old daughter of an acquaintance that was with our party could not find anything suitable to eat on the kids menu. Her mother explained that she is one of those children who just orders off of the regular menu. I tried not to raise my eyebrow too high. So the daughter decided that she wanted fried shrimp, however fried shrimp are not on the menu. Nicole comes back to take our order and the mother explained that her daughter would like fried shrimp, but they are not on the menu. So Nicole goes back in the kitchen and consults with the chef and the owner, Deb and she comes back to the table and says that they can use seasoned panko breading for the shrimp batter and they will fry her some shrimp. So Y-A-Y. Now, I don't have children and I didn't agree with this so I kept my mouth shut. To me, I think it's disrespectful to ask for something that isn't on the menu. You want fried shrimp, go to a restaurant that has them. In this case, Long John Silver or Feather & Fin. You get my drift. Anyway, I decided on the meatloaf and mashed potatoes, the birthday girl got the shrimp fettuccini, and the other person in our party got the bourbon glazed salmon. My food was DELICIOUS!!!!!! The meatloaf reminded me of the meatloaf that my mom used to make when I was a little girl. I tasted the shrimp fettuccini and the sauce was just amazing. Noodles were perfect as was the shrimp (you know how easy it is to overcook shrimp) Speaking of shrimp, the 7 year old who wanted the fried shrimp decided she didn't like the way that shrimp looked and proceeded to PICK OFF THE BATTER. So she could have gotten the pan seared shrimp from the jump! See what happens when you let children make their own moves? Anyhoo. All of the adults were stuffed and really enjoyed their meals. This place even offers a discount for active duty and retired military. I'll be back with an all adult party in the evening hours very soon."}, {"review_id": "VYRQoa_SvvSm61XGQcQGXw", "user_id": "VMfR-c_60w9PLty9nn9kvA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/6/2017", "text": "Wow!  This place is AMAZING!!!  I wish I could eat here every day. The biscuit hey bring you is the best biscuit in the entire world!  Just insane. I ordered the shrimp and grits for lunch which came with a side salad. I had the blueberry vinegrette. Delicious. The shrimp and grits were off the chain. So incredibly good. The sauce is just perfect. Wow. I cannot wait to go back. Plus it's adorable!"}, {"review_id": "5emCghpumz_tZRRRgYQ4YA", "user_id": "Mc45ichKzwRsFzIb51n85g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/12/2016", "text": "Hold the boat!!!! Or hit the breaks, this place is the best hidden gem of awesomeness of food! Don't get to ugh over this since I know some people don't like liver and onions but they were on point! If you don't mess up that dish and it is great imagine the rest of the menu.  My wife had the beef stroganoff and that was great the floors were on point! Any appetizer is awesome just matters what you like.  If you have room for the cup of coffee and desert well might as well go all out and have that also. The only thing you might have to worry about. If you have a large vehicle you can park across the street there parking lot is small. They can do any kind of parties you can't think of so give them a call or better yet stop in for some dinner.  Cheers!!!!!"}, {"review_id": "Fo0NjBgJ_obACUy30qUl9w", "user_id": "ogipGJCiIqxSOY1mqzCKfQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "Hidden gem! Outstanding food and service. Such a great homey yet romantic vibe!!! Husband loved the she crab soup and my steak was delicious."}, {"review_id": "fIQfDIYJQV0FqC5giQmxjg", "user_id": "1CkjIwVBP3_nrq3Nd0I2ZQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/3/2017", "text": "FINALLY! Christmas finally came and my dad finally came down for his annual visit and we were finally able to come here as a family and try this place out. I was here earlier this year for a Yelp event and it has been on my mind ever since. My dad is a terribly picky eater and no cuisine really impresses him but I had a feeling this place would do the trick.We came on a Friday night and it was rather dead. It was also the first night after a kitchen remodel and everyones Christmas vacation so maybe that was the reason? Anyway, we were happy for it. We started off with the sausage wontons. When we ordered them our server told us that they take a while to make, and since my dad had been saying he was starving all evening I ordered us the Mediterranean salsa as well. These were both items that I had at the Yelp party and just died for. I love that Deb put her own spin on both of these items. This was what initially intrigued me to want to start coming here. Lets start with the salsa, since thats what came to us first.It was a small bowl of salsa with tri colored chips. Some of the major components of the salsa are olives, feta, onions, cilantro, and Mango. The first time I had this I was so nervous to try it. \"How in the world will mango work with all of these Greek flavors? And cilantro, isn't that more of a Mexican ingredient?\", I thought to myself. But me, loving the unique, was ready to let those crazy flavors sort themselves out on my palate. And when they did I about died inside. I had fallen in love.Black to the present and my dad doesn't even question it. He dives right in. Later asking if the feta was Cauliflower (lord help me he's 70 and only eats to live) but he DID keep saying how good it was! So I was over the moon! One point for Ddebs!Next was the Wontons. These came out less friend then one might think. A bit soft. They use a tougher wonton shell, but still soft enough to eat with a fork, if your trying to be fancy. Us? we just picked up the darn things and ate then like savages. Its just family. ANYWAY. I knew I already adored these. But it had been about a year so I sort of forgot why I liked them. But after my first bite I quickly remembered. I dont have too much experience with wontons. And typically, its bad. Its usually a super fried, very crispy shell, with little to no filling. These ones at debs are the exact opposite of that. Very soft outer shell, STUFFED with a spicy sausage and other yummy flavors, sprinkled with shredded parmesan cheese on top. So Ill have to say that they are pretty spicy. Im not sure if they have it on the menu that they are spicy (because I never look for that since spicy food doesn't scare me) but if they don't, I feel like they might want to add that as a disclaimer. My sister isn't as capable at handling spice as my dad and myself and she did keep mentioning the spice level, but she also had more than one..so it couldn't have been THAT bad. I feel like the parmesan is a great touch as it cools the spice some. We all enjoyed these--dad too!On to our food. We came on a Friday night, as stated before, so it was supposed to be Prime Rib night. My dad and sister were pretty set on that, but unfortunately since the kitchen had just opened back up, they were out of prime rib. One HUGE loss of point for deb. I was nervous now. My dad was talking up the prime rib all night and is one of my sisters favorites. They are both pretty tough to please so I thought to myself \"darn it, thats it, this place is done. They hate it (they are some pretty unforgiving people)\". So the waitress left us and I tried quick to do some damage control. My dad was the more important one to please because I literally picked out the place just for him. So, remembering what I had from my Yelp visit here I quickly recommended the beef stroganoff. I remember that being the best beef stroganoff I had ever had in my life so I pushed it pretty hard. He didn't want to accept it at first but he FINALLY caved in and ordered that. My sister ordered the Rockfish and I got the honey and herbed chicken.*Mic check* Is anyone even still reading this? I feel like this review is turning into a novel now. Sorry. Can you tell I enjoyed it here?Ill wrap this up by saying my dad devoured his beef stroganoff. LOVED it! My sister said her rockfish was juts Okay. I tried a bite and Ill agree. It was just okay. Lacking something. My chicken was awesome. A little small, but the amount of delicious summer squash made up for it. The only problem of the whole night was my Mac and Cheese. It tasted a little on the sweet side and more like cafeteria Mac and Cheese. Ive definitely had better and would not recommend that as a side. But that won't affect my stars! Still adore this place and I can't wait to bring more people here!! THANK YOU!"}, {"review_id": "Hgi19aAp7-NQ0ujWvszBew", "user_id": "ueTCPAQiswvtolnena29EQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/23/2017", "text": "I had two kids with me, and they split the chicken and dumplings (perfect size to split!!) I had the honey glazed chicken. We all had mac-n-cheese. It was ALL delicious, and we were all very happy with our food!"}, {"review_id": "TOguaF2oj5cPxwp8eq9BYQ", "user_id": "1H0Yi3RvSyUtDpH9J3xI_g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/7/2017", "text": "I rarely write reviews, but my meal at Ddeb's compelled me to do so.First and foremost, the food was amazing. Shrimp and grits is my go-to meal almost anywhere I eat out, and the shrimp and grits that Ddeb's served was the best I've ever had. The grits and sauce were the perfect balance of creamy and spicy, and the shrimp were plump. The presentation was very high end. For dessert, my wife and I split the apple cobbler. When splitting a dessert with my wife, I usually let her have the bigger half. I couldn't do it with this cobbler--it was too good. Atmosphere wise, the outside isn't much to look at and my wife initially wasn't too sure that we chose the right place to take company. However, once inside or on the porch, it's very charming and you definitely feel like you're eating at a nice restaurant. One welcome bonus is that Ddeb's has a chest of toys for kids in the waiting room, which was perfect for my young daughter and our guests' toddler. The chest of toys enabled us to have a nice meal without having to worry about our little ones distracting the other patrons. For patrons without children, the chest of toys is out of the way, doesn't detract from the ambiance, and enables you to have a quiet meal without worry that somebody's whiny toddler will be distracting from your experience. A fantastic idea that enables all customers to have a good time.Overall, our meal at Ddeb's was a great experience and our family will definitely be back."}, {"review_id": "4_KA9sVpvHS0OOdyPjvThw", "user_id": "EvWrHjDgbfLH5rqCetcYHw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/7/2017", "text": "Amaaazing food!!Great atmosphereAwesome staffDefinitely worth checking outWe WILL BE BACK!"}, {"review_id": "n1ucB2j82BNvGm3V-6xbVw", "user_id": "KPFBlcjHm7kdAXGsWWpALg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "6/19/2016", "text": "Should you need a reason other than phenomenal food and great service to dine here consider that almost every weekend Ddebs sponsors a charity and donates at least 10% of their Saturday sales. Yesterday's charity was our local Humane Society. Being as how my husband and I are fierce shelter/rescue supporters we felt yesterday was the day to find out just what all the fuss is about over here. I can assure you, we were NOT disappointed! I would highly recommend making reservations now that summer is here. We showed up right at 5pm and were pleasantly surprised to find out one table taken inside. However, this did not last long. By the time we left (close to 630) it was slap full up! I dined on the maple chicken with sweet potato mash and squash. The sweet potatoes were so sweet and flavorful I could have just had them and been content. The squash comes with a spicy honey sauce and bacon. I eliminated the bacon (I'm not a bacon fiend) but it still had the spicy honey flavor. My husband who never eats squash admitted even he would order this side. That speaks volumes there. I can not tell you just how tender my maple walnut chicken was. I didn't even need a knife to cut it it was so tender. The folks next to me were also first time diners and once my entree arrived they couldn't get over how delicious it smelled. Matter of fact, they wanted to know what I thought of it because they were going to order it too. The maple and Walnuts were something I never would have put with chicken but it is a delectable pairing. Definitely some of the best chicken I have ever had.My husband had the special of Spicy New Orleans Chicken with Andouille sausage. He isn't a man of many words when it comes to food but he said it was awesome and left his plate so clean he told our server she didn't even need to clean it because he took care of that. Oh, his sides were some of THE BEST Mac n Cheese I have EVER had. My husband said it tastes just like mine without the onions that I add. I don't know, that stuff was like a dessert for me. I would order that and dine on just that!!!If you haven't been here and you enjoy good food you really are depriving yourself of an experience. The food is made fresh so don't wait til you're starving because it does take a bit to prepare but it is very much worth it! My husband enjoyed his meal so much that he told Deb her place was our new go to."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/ddebs-a-taste-of-home-chesapeake-2?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]