[[{"review_id": "hncSDgoA9mTwbVTyw5C6fA", "user_id": "OUdq9CA-IvdMYncI9d5akw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "I try very hard not to give out 5 star reviews, so on the rare occasions that I do, you know it's truly someplace special.I grew up in San Diego and my grandparents are from New Mexico, so I'm always searching for good Mexican food.  I'm always excited when I see mole sauce on the menu.  Mole poblano was always my grandfather's favorite dinner, and he passed his love of mole sauce on to me.  I was in town on a short business trip and met up with some friends for dinner.  They knew I liked Mexican food and suggested we meet here at Jessy's for dinner.  This place is not a fancy.  It's pretty simple and casual.  They have both indoor and outdoor patio seating, and we ate out on the patio.  The servers were very friendly and took good care of us.  The mole chicken enchiladas here are absolutely extraordinary.  Certainly the best I've had in years and definitely the best I've had outside of CA, AZ, NM, or TX.  It was spicy, too.They have Dos Equis Amber AND Lager both on draft, which is a big plus in my book.I didn't realize it when we were eating there, but my friends told me after dinner that this restaurant was featured on that TV show Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives.  I can understand why.On future trips to Norfolk, I will go out of my way to go back here again."}, {"review_id": "ftEiDpTku5yNBiWcanQNhQ", "user_id": "447s-QAzoM8A0Lkg2KSrQA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/9/2018", "text": "The food was disappointing especially considering the cost to volume. Enemic takeout portions for dinner prices, fajitas in Texas are done right.  I did not expect to return home with 2 $15 fajita orders and get meat, no cheese, beans, about 2oz and garnish of some shredded Icelandic lettuce and a few tomato squares.  But when I saw the kitty sized 4\" tortillas, all two of them, I was happy to find the are at least consistent. For $2.50 I ordered an avocado, and got 1 slice in a hot sauce cup.  Wow. At this point my expectations are pretty low.  And I was not let down, it was lame.  Even Taco Bell blows this over priced wonder. I should open a real TexMex joint at East Beach where there are no other food options so the one there survive and serve crap.  It's the Norfolk touch and such an easy place to stand out when the norm is mediocre.  We found a much better and integritive spot down East Little Creek at Military Hwy intersection. Look them up but I won't name them here that would be inappropriate.  Like passing off dog food for human consumption. But our dogs loved Jessy's Toquito Bar. Two paws up!  All that and the got three stars, well, they sell bakery items and flan, which was almost right, except the curdled texture at the base, like a fat thigh that should not be exposed.  If they got their act together could be good, but the only way they got close to 5 stars is to network every Latin American in Oceanview to support the family.  If you ignore my experience and go anyway, don't expect 5 Stars, if you have a tongue, don't forget your dogs."}, {"review_id": "1svzXTZRDmTwiraAhjzdkQ", "user_id": "AMlG4aXYVuzP7jdArpPXlQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "There is some serious love for Jessy's in Hampton Roads, and I'm only partially on the hype train. First visit - I got a chicken chimichanga, and it was 50% cooked lettuce! Gross. It was also really dry, with no sauces or anything. (N.B.: you can upgrade to include queso over your chimichanga. It's $3 I think... little did I realize not coughing up $3 led to a bone dry chimichanga)Second visit - split the Parraillada platter. Basically a ton of grilled meat. It comes with chicken, steak, chorizo, grilled onions, grilled cactus, rice, beans, salad, tortilla. The proteins were pretty good (steak was dry), but the grilled onions/jalapeños/cactus were so underdone they were almost raw! That was disappointing. Rice and beans are average. The store next door is cute, they sell gigantic pork rinds. I'd be willing try try Jessy's again, although I recently tried Los Cuates and they nailed all the food at our first visit."}, {"review_id": "-T_uXc281B7keBG0AgM5cg", "user_id": "bOJ_8HOx_VpZXvx4YrnU5A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "I had the ceviche tostada.  It was ok. I was hoping it would have more flavor and it kinda disappoint.  It had. I heat and somewhat lacking some citrus..maybe it's the end of the night? Horchata was awesome on the other hand. I'll def be back though and try some other yummy food on their menu. I've seen other customers food and it looks huge so they're def shareable!"}, {"review_id": "xo1hcjiV6dsM_fi1FSkKiw", "user_id": "UdbvIleQQfqiFBFxD1Ckug", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "Great little Mexican spot. If you're lookin for good, quick food this is definitely the place to go. And I must recommend you get the guacamole. It was super fresh and super delicious. I loved it. The drinks admittedly aren't very strong though. Great for some people but personally if I'm getting a margarita I want there to be tequila in it, not just sugar."}, {"review_id": "tY47h3IFVwairbECNWwBlg", "user_id": "QNHmC-43-gLA1KroVSVoDw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "On my continuing adventures and was looking for some place different...found it! Service was pretty good and the food was excellent. I can't even spell or pronounce what I got, but it was basically a flour tortilla shaped like a sandal covered in cheese and a load and a half of cut up steak with two eggs on top. Delicious! The wife got a smothered quesadilla (lots of gooey cheese) with the pulled chicken and she enjoyed it. The grandkid got chicken tenders...a fairly common thing on any kid's menu, however, these were NOT a common chicken tender. These are made in house and they were \"yummy\" (her word). Over all experience was excellent start to finish."}, {"review_id": "gz2OCF7Ad-VagXmuN5pIVw", "user_id": "_ZYxVzAlD55e4Kdcgau73Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "9/14/2017", "text": "Found an authentic Mexican place in Norfolk Va! Unfortunately for me that means no ground beef but I Love love love the chorizo tacos. We sat outside in an airy space with ceiling fans and had plenty of attention from our waiter. We ordered choriqueso as an appetizer and while the cheese is in blocks and not melted like other places it was still good. The chips that come with the salsa are delicious as well. The entire time we were here we saw so much traffic for people coming to eat. Great happy our specials and even better good. Will be back to try the carne Asada fries which I hear are to die for!Oh!! Don't forget to try a sangrita margarita for a mix of sangria and margarita."}, {"review_id": "Dfrm8vZJ20fMpTWKxVQxAA", "user_id": "yuJMwKy8sKGPJM9OTo-L5g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "Let me start off by saying this is not a fancy place. It was the farthest from what I expected as far as environment. The only reason I'm taking a star away is because the place is tiny and I was sat in a table in the middle of the restaurant where if I leaned back too far I'd probably bump heads with the man sitting behind me. However the food was 10x better than I expected. I found the menu really interesting but decided to go with my usual Mexican dish, a fajita quesadilla with steak and I'm so glad I did! We will be returning!"}, {"review_id": "_VPRSm7Oa7JqUe2l_ukT6w", "user_id": "Rm3LD6c_DIphSvHxLVICfw", "rating": 2.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "The food is definitely not the best I have had but they do sell horchata that is phenomenal and a rare find in VA, however, I typically buy a large at 3.50 but sent my boyfriend in while I was pregnant and they charged him 9.50. I haven't gone back since."}, {"review_id": "Skv1NVzBuRYWqfNH3VyFdA", "user_id": "DYZNzkz-_kBGUiIPTLIxBg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "The food is good but service was below standard. I ordered the tacos, this place is traditional Mexican food. The steak tacos had a bit too much fat for my liking but other than that the food was great. 3-stars is due to the service."}, {"review_id": "X-oklTzUIyC350ldzDdAdg", "user_id": "S4sivYEpMBwJhN4zuBV7HQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/30/2017", "text": "I've been CRAVING some Mexican food similar to the food I get in San Diego and this was the place. MAINLY for their carne asada tacos, YUM. But honestly, everything I've had here is good. I am SO in love with their chips and salsa. My friends and I go through 3 baskets and bowls almost every time. Margaritas are also on point, so definitely try it out! The only thing is that it gets pretty crowded during certain times, so there may be a little wait time, so I'd just call in ahead of time just to check. There's table service so servers are always walking around checking on you, which I very much appreciate as always.Attached to the restaurant is also an outdoor seating section and a store with a bunch of goodies. Be sure to check that out as well as they do sell popsicles, candy, desserts and other sorts of random things."}, {"review_id": "Dbl63_Ku0_FqKMCTYJl4fg", "user_id": "8RD7kLApImVu7lCEkkWgHg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "7/16/2017", "text": "I got a taste for some authentic Mexican Tacos. Thinking about a place in Hampton Va, called Burritoes and Beer that had the BEST Mexican Tacos I've tasted, I was suddenly in the mode for some. Unfortunantly Burritoes and Beer closed down years ago. Determined all weekend long to get some authentic Mexican Taco's, Friday night I just happen to see this place on an episode of Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives with Guy F (I can't spell his last name) in nearby Norfolk, Va and suddenly I had my place. I immediately went to YELP to get reviews and they were all good. Well, mine is going to continue the trend! WOW! This place was AWESOME! We went today after church services and boy was I hungry. We arrived and it was still crowed from the lunch rush. By the time we got a seat (about 5-10 min wait) it began to clear our some. The place is all authentic with a beach feel to it being in Ocean View of Norfolk Virginia. Hosted let us set in a booth at the back of the restaurant. Brought our some authentic warn chips and salsa. These bad boys you can't get even at Whole Foods. Nice and warm, thick and crunchy. The salsa was fresh and chuncky. Subperb! We ordered drinks whick came in some nice size cups. Not too fiz but kinda flat with lots of flavor, just like being in Mexico. I built my on plate, 3 steak tacos that had oinion and cilantro, a tomale and some other thing that I forgot the name and have not eaten because I was full and will be eating in tomorrow for lunch. My wife had some thing that was similar to philly cheese steat. She did not care for it too much but I told her, \"when in a Mexican Restaurant, eat like the Mexicans do.\" My Taco's were amazing! Just the right amount of cilantro and onion and a ton of steak per taco. Didn't care for the tamale but I will tell you it was authentic. Got some rice and some of the best refried beans I have ever had! The service was GREAT and the price was AMAZING! Authentic Mexican music was playing, they had four seats at the bar area! Plenty of staff for the crowd and did I say the prices were AMAZING?I'm so looking forward to going back and I highly recommend you going if you are looking for some really, really, really and authentic Mexican Food! OH, the other half of the restaurant is a Mexican Grocery Store. Check it out!"}, {"review_id": "51NDCZAcCmawT_8KgC9mSA", "user_id": "4XOEU1DhSnQf2CW5t-W3JQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "6/9/2017", "text": "Living in Texas for 4 years pretty much ruined me on Mexican food...in a good way. That was 18 years ago. Since then I have had A LOT of Mexican food. Most of it has been pretty good. Only a few times have I felt like I am back in Texas eating the closest to authentic. Yesterday at Jessy's that was certainly the case. It reminded me of a joint I visited in Austin. First and foremost this place passes the chips-n-salsa test with flying colors. Step one, no white sauce. Don't get me wrong, I can roll with white sauce, but I've never seen that stuff until I moved here. Step two, they make their chips by cutting and frying their corn tortillas. HELL YES! That's old school taqueria A-game shit right there y'all! Step three, the salsa has legit cilantro, onion, and jalapeño visibly present in it. Not chunky, but full of what makes salsa freaking salsa. YESSSS! My litmus test for any place calling itself a \"taqueria\" is...wait for it....TACOS! Specifically tacos al pastor. They should come with some very simple fixin's for basic customization. To this end Jessy's met and exceeded my expectations. Basic to any taqueria taco experience is fresh lime, cilantro, and onion. The game changer is the sauce. Most places lean on pre-made bottled hot sauces. Lazy, but still okay. Jessy's kills it with two house sauces that melted both my tastebuds and my heart. The green sauce has a healthy dose of heat and tang. A great balance with the al pastor's sweet and porky goodness. The red sauce had kick with a subtle fruity-smokiness. It got a little lost in the al pastor, but would be a winner on some lengua or asada tacos. My search is over for the best Mexican food in Hampton Roads. What's more, they are opening a second restaurant in Virginia Beach near where I work. Go ahead, take all my money."}, {"review_id": "hY_kPP0NsNj6fPy3mjrORQ", "user_id": "W3o61WWDdvFXc0LURM1L7g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/24/2017", "text": "Went there a few years ago. The indoor is tacky. But the service was friendly and quick. The food is more authentic than you get at other places.Not a fancy place more a local place."}, {"review_id": "hD6vbYbOY2lqHD6EDpCFpw", "user_id": "BSXbmCKgVGAMGkCyPJPu9w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/1/2017", "text": "I'm a sucker for Food Network and could kick myself that that is how I found out about this gem.  Run, don't walk to this amazing restaurant.  We wanted to try a little if everything.  We ordered the chips, queso and guac per everyone's recommendation.  Yes yes yes.   Delicious start.  We tried chorizo and steak fajitas, queso smothered burrito, tamale al pastor, and 5 tacos: shredded beef, tongue, lamb, chorizo, al pastor.   Everything was delicious and everyone loved their dish.  A few real standouts:  the steak fajitas were amazing.   The flavor of the steak was amazing and it was so tender.   The other surprise was the tongue taco.   If you're adventurous, you should try it.   Surprisingly, my daughter loved it!   We had great service and the price was amazingly affordable!   Delicious!   Thank you!!!!"}, {"review_id": "MkXuD2zCrR1LrHLBIokA2A", "user_id": "KX605-3AAeQeeioSXNOrSw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "6/29/2017", "text": "Not much to look at but the food is insane ... It screams authentic!Prices are great... portions are huge..Menu is extensive ! The basics and many house specials!Servers are super nice and function as a team.Could use a little soup and water and lots of flies !!Will be back"}, {"review_id": "78mW5y69BC5QQ_aFl6nQTg", "user_id": "u8ybdg4OLkRXgkzR42PkSg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/3/2017", "text": "Finally...Authentic Mexican food! My dish was really good and I feel that I had that Mexican meal I had when I was in Mexico!I went on a Sunday evening near closing but to my surprise they were already closed due to a staff meeting, they closed an hour early. But I convinced them to let me at least put an order to go because after all, driving to Ocean View is not my neck of the woods. They were kind of enough to allow me to do at least that. Others who came in after me weren't so fortunate though.Jessey's is attached to a Mexican store, and this is the entry to the restaurant. I want to point out there's a back patio door (that's how I got in after they were closed) facing the parking lot, do not go through that.I had a chance to order Chicken Polytaco, Tostadas, and rice. Oh and with the Yelp check-in, I had the horchata. The horchata was too sweet for me but good. I loved the Tostadas. The fried shell held up wonderfully with all the chicken and toppings. Chicken was seasoned well and the cheese was yummy. The Polytaco was ok but I'm not a big fan of soft corn taco shell. I preferred the flour taco so, I will be sure to try that next.The house special hot and mild sauce was the best! It's not salsa and it's not plain ole' hot sauce it was just something good to add to the meal.They have a second location at Ghent, so I'll be trying their 2nd location soon."}, {"review_id": "fzTNka2QmPo0KDNTzSoe3w", "user_id": "mGRr4CfnlavBOqzlwkjWOA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/18/2018", "text": "Nothing fancy but always hits the spot. If you like Mexican food, this is the place I recommend in Hampton Roads. Food is consistent, and tasty. Chips are good (I am very picky about chips). Biggest concern here is the flies. I hope they are function of the location, not the cleanliness, but the food is good enough I have looked the other way.  Pro tip: The attached Tienda sells El Milagro tortillas. There are no better corn tortillas anywhere in the US. I use to live in Chicago where El Milagro has their original factory and I got hooked. The ones distributed to this area a made in their other plant which is in Georgia. If you love chips, take a stack of tortillas, cut them in to quarters, bake them in a 250F oven to warm and dry them out for a few minutes (~5) before frying them. Lightly salt once they come out of the oil. Chip heaven. If only the restaurant did this for their in house chips, I would be here every week."}, {"review_id": "oJBKVvN05fRKx-WkTXu52g", "user_id": "80koGJqfR97WDnBgNxtyRQ", "rating": 2.0, "date": "1/31/2018", "text": "I have eaten here more times than I care to admit. Ok, so is it just me or because they're always busy, they should have the money to fix the place up. Are you trying to literally look like a hole in the wall? Also, why charge for the chips and salsa? Cut back on the crispness of your chips so we don't break a tooth. They are extremely crunchy. Their beans are really good, though. I ordered pork and got a nice big cartilage in it and was so grossed out that I couldn't finish my food. This place has incredible potential and is always busy so do us all a favor and take pride in your decor and fix up the place so it doesn't look like I walked into a dilapidated building with torn booth seats. Seriously, step up your game."}, {"review_id": "yjtemtStlvsJ0xWvFTKyAw", "user_id": "rHQ0VkmSjqc9GVKc1C8T5g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "10/26/2017", "text": "Cute restaurant/grocery store that makes you feel like you are in Mexico as soon as you walk in.The grocery store sells many different things from sweet bread, sombreros, belts, soccer cleats, fresh vegetables, groceries, beer, sodas, and fresh natural drinks.  Then to the right is the restaurant.  How many cooks can you fit in the kitchen?  Cheese and rice!  I swear there were 15 employees in the kitching/serving area.  No wonder our food came out so quickly.  The restaurant was busy and yet our food came out in 10 mins.  Service was prompt and friendly and the food was good.  I ordered the ceviche and it was fresh and didn't taste fishy.  My favorite were the chips and hand made corn tortillas.  Oh my goodness, it was delicious.All in all, I think this place is pretty authentic, but I wouldn't travel 25 mins to come back.  I wished they had other items like beef tounge tacos or goat tacos.  Oh!  If you check in with your yelp ap, you get a free horachata!!  I didn't care for it, but it is nice and sugary!!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/jessys-taqueria-norfolk?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]