[[{"review_id": "2ZM4PH2Dul9PYw2dhmnFNQ", "user_id": "OcIYWJKCNsC4acoiMVchQg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/6/2018", "text": "We found Bay Local Eatery on Yelp and tried it before we left town. Passing through, we're already putting this restaurant on our favorites for when we return to the area next year.The atmosphere is fantastic. It appeals very much to the adults but the menu still had excellent options for the kids. My husband and I both had the Chicken and Waffles and the kids all had pancakes. The kids cleared their plates! We both we're full half way through the dish because there was no shortage of food given. I highly recommend the tater tots, too.The pricing is excellent and the menu is well diversified. The only drawback is that parking is pretty tight. I'll certainly be back here the next time we're in Virginia Beach!"}, {"review_id": "cCb9CIyQUbI89K9SX64YkA", "user_id": "1CkjIwVBP3_nrq3Nd0I2ZQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/19/2018", "text": "Second time at Bay Local, first time at this location. I think I fell in love with this location more. The vibe here is great. I love the atmosphere and the way everything is set up. Our server was awesome, very attentive, so thats always a plus in my book. Not to mention it was Mimosa Monday and I haven't had a mimosa in forEVER. And at $2 I definitely needed one in my life. I got the Pineapple Mimosa and was not disappointed.As for the food, well hot damn they got it! My sister has been here a dozen times and she said that the Ta-chos were a must. Im not the biggest tater tot fan, but since she recommended it, I went with it. When the Ta-chos came out as our starter I wondered if me ordering my main meal was a mistake. They come out in this HUGE bowl! Topped with everything perfect in the nacho wold-melted cheese, bacon, black beans, tomatoes, onion, arugula, fresh jalapeños, onions, sour cream, and an outstanding Cajun aioli. Did I mention a side boat of melted cheese?? Holy yes. This is easily recommendable to anyones first time here. For my meal I got the Willis Warf special omelette. I thought it was rather unique. An omelette with house Rockefeller mix and spinach then topped with hollandaise, fried oysters, bacon and parmesan. It comes with a side of tots and a fried biscuit. Oh, I forgot to mention, I am now an official Bay Local tot lover. Im not sure how they cook their tots but these aren't your elementary (or frozen food) type tots. Maybe they actually fry them in clean grease? Who knows. But they are perfectly fried with a light crispiness on the outside and no mushiness on the inside. I had always been pretty sure this was an impossible feat, but they have proven me wrong! So, I went with the parmesan tots on the side of my dish. And you also might be wondering wtf a fried biscuit is. Yeah, I was too. When it comes out it looks like a little fried frisbee. So What I'm assuming happens is after they make the dough they just pop it in the fryer? I'll admit, it's random. I mean, its delicious because, lets be real, you can fry anything and have it turn out delicious #Murica. But still random. It comes with a side of butter and honey, and use both, because tI found that to be the best combination. So after my long explanation on the sides alone, I guess Ill wrap this paragraph up by saying that the omelette was wonderful! Perfect size, perfect amount of all ingredients. Sometimes fried oysters can get weird. I mean, I adore them and all, oysters are my world, but I'm just happy they didn't put them IN the omelette. The oysters being on top gave me the freedom to decide when I wanted a punch of seafood flavor, and when I didn't. Perfect.Since I don't get to go out as much as I used to (budgeting/adulting sucks) when I DO get the chance I like to go all out. So even after all this astronomical amount of food I had to order one more thing. Pancakessss! Okay calm down it was just one and my sister and I spit it. But I just wanted to try out their pancakes, see if this could be my place I go to when caving some doughy goodness.  It was a toss up between the Oreo and the coconut but I decided on the coconut pancake. This pancake was GREAT! Dare I say even better than some of the coconut ones I get in Hawaii?? It was FULL of coconut flakes and the flavor was definitely there. I was so so happy. Definitely want to go back to try out the Oreo pancake! That is a fun and uncommon flavor. I love my fun uncommon things.All in all this place is great! Ill never pass up an opportunity to come out here. Love their huge menu of food and drinks. And I can definitely see hanging out here in the summer time with a bunch of people. Good times!i"}, {"review_id": "6TGN9NEe4ewY0Z3mp7MaSA", "user_id": "qpGJaq2LCXx0dIX9m2f0dg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/1/2018", "text": "Great service, great food, great decor! This place has the southern charm you're looking for, if you're looking for that!  The minute you enter the doors, the decor just draws you in!  I love how the outside of the door is decorated, the inside of the restaurant, the chair's, the booths, and the ceiling.  There is wall art everywhere! The food is really good as well!  They have a menu catered towards brunch, and they are only opened from 7-3pm. The only downside about this place is the parking.  There is little parking right in front of the restaurant, but they do have overflow parking across the street at Guadalajara's.  It'll only suck on a rainy day. Expect a wait at Bay Local Eatery if you go on weekends, but it's worth the wait!  :)"}, {"review_id": "cROIGktTKbo10odYZ4gcog", "user_id": "WDeXGl-1ERMdr1ThjCgGjg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "Brunch, lunch, dinner whichever meal time you decide to go the options are limitless. Can get busy so prepare for a bit of a wait on busier weekend days."}, {"review_id": "QapUw6770RasaIxNWoDRmQ", "user_id": "kOGSxn5ACUByqWURE58P0Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/4/2018", "text": "I ordered a Mediterranean platter. It was very delish. Pretty healthy and tasty.  Nothing fried this time around. I always enjoy my brunches when I come here. Always trying something new."}, {"review_id": "iNS3-NRmikTgyfz1XAFQEg", "user_id": "fRlgRZSLxWOs9IT3uiPZTA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "Looooooooove!! I got the chicken and waffle and it was so good oh my goodness. The chicken was seasoned perfectly, the presentation was beautiful, and the waffle, chicken, and syrup tasted great together. I've experienced some chicken and waffles that only tasted good separately. The restaurant is super cute and the staff was very nice. Only bad things I have to say is I went for my birthday and they dont do any special birthday stuff. I also wasn't a fan of the eggs for some reason. The house potatoes were good but would have been even better if they were crispy. Overall, I enjoyed my experience here and I really want to go back! It was hard to even choose what to get because all the options sounded so good so I know when I go back, I won't be disappointed."}, {"review_id": "yUJAHY_mjUY2L1D-jNSVYA", "user_id": "56Ctx9REoyLAD63PUaanKw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/27/2018", "text": "Bay Local Eatery was recommended to me by a friend and I must say it didn't disappoint. There is no ugly truth except the fact that I wish I knew about it sooner! Fried chicken Bennie was delish and the crab balls very tasty and different. I will definitely be back!"}, {"review_id": "ES4S48Or7UCDArBzTPbtbw", "user_id": "KlfWneV07Jm2gBP2bMVaiQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/8/2017", "text": "Virginia Beach is definitely not lacking in brunch places, but there are a few that ALWAYS stand out. No matter if you're a local or a tourist. This is one of those places. It's got a \"cool beach house\" vibe but in a restaurant. The service for weekdays is QUICK, but on the weekends, you can expect to wait. But believe me, the wait is 100% worth it. Their coffee is superb, but my favorite thing on their menu is the parmesan tots. I'm kind of a tater tot snob and addict, and these tots are the best I've ever had. As for things that i've tried, my favorite is their One Love dish. It's huge and diverse. It comes with a grilled avocado, spring salad, sausage/bacon, 2 eggs anyway, toast, and tots. However, if you're feeling like a large, treat-your-self breakfast, then the Big Al is up your alley. It's like biscuits and gravy but stuffed with cheddar cheese, bacon, and sausage. I can't rave enough about this place."}, {"review_id": "gXeuwcVlXIIhRhjFpnOtRQ", "user_id": "sMQ6QlQ7-Qs4P9gFQtKUOQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/24/2018", "text": "Get a jumbo sorbet mimosa to split with your squad! We got ours with strawberry sorbet since they were out of mango. The champagne is strong at first, but once the sorbet melts- it's golden. (Though I could down the mimosa once it's on the table, brunch is normally a meal I begin on an empty stomach.) This inspired us to find a gigantic mimosa glass, so we can each have our own. A buzzy brunch is the right way to brunch. Also, the orange crush is fresh and delicious. It isn't strong, but it's something nice to sip on if you spent your night downing shots & thinking you're a college freshman. I'm normally in here looking boujee (top definition on urban dictionary: High class, flossin', ballin'.) because everyone looks nice even though most of us are probably dying from the hangover. The decor is nice, everyone has their face on, and everyone is trying to flex on the 'Gram. The The Big Al is no joke and incredibly filling. Sausage gravy is fantastic, and I'm not even a big gravy or sausage kind of person. My friends come here for the chicken and waffles. The chicken is warm & crunchy, but the waffles aren't consistently hot. I'm always the outsider going with a benedict when we go out for brunch. Honestly, bay local is magical with their crab menu items. The crabcake bennie is soo delicious and thinking about it makes me salivate. The fried chicken bennie is also amazing every time I order it. The swiss cheese is warm & melted onto the bacon & spinach that goes with the fried chicken bennie. The garden bennie is another one I've ordered and enjoyed, but I'm not the biggest onion fan but thankful the onion slices are huge, so I can pick out fairly easily. My benedicts always have a runny egg. The kitchen is soo on point. Always order the parmesan tots as the side! Crunchy, hot, and delicious. I also douse my order, no matter what, with that BBQ-esque hot sauce located in the condiment container on the table. It's a hit or miss with people though. This is one of my favorite brunch spots in Hampton Roads. The service is superb. The mimosas get you feeling great. The decor is so nice. The staff moves quickly but never rushes you. The food hits the spot every time."}, {"review_id": "_PdN1yAUYXYORG4K9PICcw", "user_id": "mdIcAdiNbmZurG0JwipSVQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/11/2018", "text": "Such a cute spot! Had live music on a Thursday night, the waitress was super nice and attentive. Had a bunch of Happy Hour apps, which were great. Drinks were delicious! Decor was on point, a nautical theme with a lot of mirrors and indie lighting. Great seafood and appetizer menu."}, {"review_id": "QNvJTvAr3doMKxx21wnQVQ", "user_id": "vfbMzNYONKthoibxjBrLQA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/9/2018", "text": "Came here with my wife, brother and sister in law and 3 kids ages 2, 6 and 12.  This is a smaller place and did have a wait.  The hostess told us 25 minutes but only took around 10-15.  Once we sat we were greeted immediately.  I got the grilled oyster melt.  It was phenomenal, massive in size and had a delicious Cajun aioli that I used for my fries as well.  Oh, the fries are hand cut in house too.  Everyone seemed to enjoy their meals from sandwiches to Mac and cheese to other pasta dishes. I had a bourbon cocktail that was on the menu, can't recall the name.  It was tasty and had a large rock as to not water down as fast.  Only thing that was annoying was how loud the restaurant got.  Will definitely return when back in the area, but definitely not with the whole family."}, {"review_id": "g1_Y18NS_KbGzs7Dh0t7pA", "user_id": "web7LmOFjPYbUz6mVAGqTw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/21/2018", "text": "I'm somewhat new to the area, so the hunt for excellent food has been an ongoing project of mine; Bay Local is the latest restaurant to be added to the list. From the moment I walked in with my girlfriend, I was impressed by the décor and then by the staff's friendliness and speed. We were seated right away, advised that Happy Hour was already in progress and our waitress brought our drinks out with speed that could only be matched by The Flash.  We ordered two appetizers, the Proper Oyster Rock and Fritters, both of which were excellent. As a seafood lover who has had seafood from all over the world, I was very pleasantly surprised by how well our food was prepared. It had a nice presentation, and was brimming with flavor. For our entree's we ordered the \"Just Right\" (Shrimp and Grits) and \"The Whole Bay Broiled\" (Shrimp, Scallops, Oysters and Crab Cakes). Our food was brought out briskly and was tasty, aromatic, and presented beautifully! The scallops in The Whole Bay Broiled in particular were absolutely delicious. The entire time throughout our roughly hour and a half stay, our waitress kept our crushes of choice coming (they're half off, as well as a choice of appetizers during happy hour!). She did an amazing job making sure we were cared for, even once it got fairly busy later on. Overall, I was extremely pleased by the choice to have a date night to Bay Local. It was a new experience for me, and to say that I plan to make a return trip in the future would be an understatement. If I could, I'd live in their kitchen and gain 50 lbs! Fella's, this is the type of place you can't beat for a nice relaxed dinner with your significant other!"}, {"review_id": "P8rCTtfzZ5vS7mcmFsY9aQ", "user_id": "qE9919xgtZdKfYr3fE2r8g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "The chicken and waffles was so bomb! The chicken was so well seasoned you could eat it by itself. I didn't care much for the eggs though and I would've rather gotten tots instead of the house potatoes. The decor was super cute and the waiter was very nice which is always a plus. They have one of those menus that make it hard to choose from because everything sounds so good, but I would def come again and try the French toast because those looked bomb too!"}, {"review_id": "3RvhnOQAtkX8gA1B0wNAgQ", "user_id": "IHOSsSSsVCM-u-xyz4J8TQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/27/2018", "text": "Stopped into Bay Local on our way out of Virginia Beach and I wish we came in sooner to have to chance to eat there twice. I love nothing more than a good Bloody Mary and when you give me a Bloody Mary with add on options I'm over the moon! Bacon, shrimp, Bacon wrapped scallop.. I mean come on..I was loosing it! I got the cheese omelette with a fancy french name and boyfriend got the eggs beni with smoked salmon. Both were delish! We each had a choice of tots or home fries so we got both so we could try and me personally, I liked the tots better not being a fan of peppers. When I said to the bartender I was disappointed that i had to choose eggs or pancakes she told me I could just get 1 pancake... WHAT?!? SOLD! I would definitely recommend Bay Local. They close at 3 so get there before."}, {"review_id": "uUchStiT_JKCB5WhAFUidQ", "user_id": "XEYrUj5vv3_3uZK-77QpnA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/24/2018", "text": "Just love this place.   No matter how many other places we try, we always come back here.  Love the vibe, the people, the food, EVERYTHING!!!"}, {"review_id": "PR8mFA2PZYLC_hI3VCmmTQ", "user_id": "JytDyGxk0V-REUYdRrvQAw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/1/2018", "text": "I absolutely love Bay Local! Try to go here whenever I can. Definitely try the crab balls! All of their drinks are delicious and not too expensive. LOVE the lemonade crush - so refreshing!We always sit at the bar and have so much fun with the staff. So sweet and knowledgeable. Definitely an amazing local spot!"}, {"review_id": "GWO2D4Jpr1yKBzz4Uu1iqA", "user_id": "htPOZuBK8Ny57J3smApFxQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "6/16/2017", "text": "!!!!!!!!! I can't even find words to describe how much I love this place. If there were 10 star ratings, I'd give Bay Local 10 !!!!!!!!!This place is such a great place for brunch and CHEAP DRINKS, oh ya you heard me! CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP DRINKS. Everyday of the week, there is always a drink special for each specific day. Also, from Thurs-Saturday they are open at 5:30pm for dinner and guess what?!?! HAPPY HOUR, all their crushes are half off, most of their appetizers are half off, and I believe their beers are fairly cheap during happy hour.Aside from the awesome CHEAP drink specials, their food is beyond phenomenal. If anyone knows me, I'm HUGE on brunch, I can literally brunch until I drop. They have a wide variety of brunch items, it ranges from simple pancakes to freaking soft-shell egg bennies! The food is so fresh and flavorful, everything melts in your mouth when you take that first indulging bite. I try to visit Bay Local at least once a week because I need my brunch, mimosa, crush, and happy hour fix. I wouldn't knock off a star because of wait time because like any other yummy brunch spots, you'll have to wait regardless, but they are very good about their wait time. From my observation, you can order drinks from the bar while you're waiting. So grab a drink, kick back, and enjoy the amazingly cooked entrees!"}, {"review_id": "UuIIo2j7wl8CMSRNyL-VDw", "user_id": "7V4dDNi5RDIzH8wWsPA3eA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/23/2017", "text": "Bay Local is not just your typical breakfast spot.  The unique environment, great food, friendly service, and the special occasion jumbo mimosa makes this restaurant a great place to bring any guest.  They have also extended their service to offering dinner several nights a week.  Pictured: Avocado BLT w/ Tots"}, {"review_id": "bjXXTYsSAQetXl4txfSS-g", "user_id": "RQXvDaINfE0elkw_G5n4Rw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "This place may not look like much as you drive past it, but the atmosphere creates an experience unlike anything in Virginia Beach. The interior decor is all over the place but in a cool kind of way. The smoked turkey was amazing. The coleslaw and potato salad were amazing. The hummus platter could easily feed 3 people, the banging balls are about as crab filled as a Maryland crab cake. The \"Big Al\" left a little to be desired.All in all, I would definitely recommend this place to any traveler in the area.Special shout out to Beth for going above and beyond in service for our family of 3 during the Saturday lunch rush."}, {"review_id": "6DiHc7CR5H95gfmLc1uOTg", "user_id": "lWjxj77MNkLe9nZqnxh_OQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/29/2017", "text": "Go! Go! Go! This place is awesome for brunch, but be prepared to wait a bit. We got here around 10:15 AM and was told there would be an hour wait. We waited for about 30 minutes and got seated. Our waitress was really bubbly and helpful in answering any questions we had about the menu. There were soooo many specials on Sunday but I had my heart set on trying the crab cake Benedict with tater tots. My boyfriend got the Big Al - a biscuit smothered in house made gravy and sausages, two scrambled eggs, and tater tots. We also tried their mimosas - I got a jumbo pomegranate sorbet mimosa and regular pineapple mimosa, while my boyfriend tried the Bay Mosa. We got our food SO FAST. I swear we had only been waiting maybe 10-15 minutes. I am so glad I got the crab cake Benedict..my favorite part about getting a Benedict is breaking the yolk and my poached egg was perfect!! The crab cakes were delicious and bigger than I anticipated. They were both served on top of English muffins. My tater tots were excellent as well! Perfectly seasoned and every single one was hot and crispy. My boyfriend enjoyed his food too - the biscuit was soft and flaky, and the homemade gravy was to die for! There were chunks of sausage and cheese inside the biscuit...like what?! So good! His eggs were light and fluffy and his tater tots were, in his words, \"perfect\". As for the drinks, I enjoyed the pineapple mimosa much more than the jumbo pomegranate sorbet one. But...the Bay Mosa was better than both of them. Maybe because of the coconut rum and mango sorbet? Either way, if you want something tropical and you like coconut, TRY THE BAY MOSA. This is the perfect place to get some food and drinks before you hit the beach. I recommend this place to anyone looking for their new Sunday brunch spot. They also have awesome early bird specials! Regardless, everyone should get a chance to experience Bay Local Eatery and their delicious food."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/bay-local-eatery-virginia-beach?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]