[[{"review_id": "lf4ZeOKLpOaAFMwCgmU9Ew", "user_id": "eL0oXZtxF9-K56J-PUlLGg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/10/2018", "text": "If you have yet to visit LeGrand, do yourself a favor and go as soon as possible. Friends had been talking about this place for months before my husband and I finally went, and it exceeded any and all expectations they had. We arrived at 7:30 on a saturday night to a wait of about 35-45 minutes. Far better than I was expecting for a small, beloved restaurant on a saturday night. We gave them our number and went to grab a drink at Hank's filling station. We were seated right next to the kitchen, and loved watching them make all of the dishes! The kitchen staff were great and answered any questions we had regarding the process and ingredients they were using. We started with the egg schmear and pimento toast. I like pimento cheese, but it's not necessarily something I crave. I was still thinking about this toast the next morning! So perfectly toasted with the most delicious combination of flavors and texture. I never knew I would be so into radishes but they were a great fresh addition here. The egg schmear was also good, and I don't normally even care for deviled eggs!They had a busy night and by the time we ordered, a few things were unavailable. This led me to the pork belly prepared with the barbacoa accompaniments of polenta, pickled onion, radish, and a frito crumble. I cannot fathom how it is even possible to get so much flavor into one dish. As my husband said, this was truly the epitome of the sometimes overused statement of \"bursting with flavor.\" He ordered the butcher's steak, with farro, carrot puree, and a variety of other vegetables. It was equally impressive, and perfectly cooked. Overall, LeGrand was worth every cent and I cannot wait to return in a few weeks with family who is visiting from Chicago!"}, {"review_id": "5de6c9X_gnLxkjNpCBhHfQ", "user_id": "tsuYY_fsDDoUGRShGlPvJg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/28/2017", "text": "As a late birthday dinner for my hubby, we headed to LaGrand. This is not the first time we have tried to go, but it was the first time we managed to get seated, and after our meal we knew why! The resturant itself was small, cozy and had a slight hipster feel too it. The open kitchen was great as I love to watch food being cooked (and who doesn't, look at all the cooking shows on TV!) We started with the Lamb meatballs. The sauce was amazing and the fresh herbs accentuated the lamb flavour well. Although lamb can sometimes be very gamey, it was very subtle. My husband had the LaGrand Burger. It was a double cheese burger with fresh jalapeño. The bun held together well even though it was juicy. Basically, it was a good classic burger. The only downside is that it was just a burger, nothing came with it. I had the Beef Short Ribs with Brussle, Fingerlings and Shitaki Mushrooms. The beef was perfectly cooked and the sauce, again like on the lamb meatballs, really stood out and brought everything together. Normally I am not a fan of Brussels sprouts but I ate every last one on their dish. The fingering potatos were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside, cooked perfectly.Since they have a seasonal menu, we will be going back as the items change to try different things."}, {"review_id": "j5d7wHse9M5OJhxB8BfANA", "user_id": "eZjSVlSJvpoxOrXCR7vKzA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/25/2017", "text": "There is not nearly enough time to talk about LeGrand Kitchen thoroughly. I won't even try to talk about individual dishes as they change weekly and every thing I've ever tried has been one of the best meals of my life. You just have to go on the promise that you will 100% not be let down and will have a fantastic time. Chef Stephen Marsh uses the freshest local ingredients possible and continually stays ahead of trends, making innovative, but delicious and comforting dishes.    As for things that stay on the menu, the farm egg shmear appetizer is a must if you like deviled eggs. The burger has been voted best in Norfolk, and rightly so. It's one to try at only $9-11"}, {"review_id": "FaOeq3nqNwyq75M_CRxcAA", "user_id": "38JBmfPRyQEyxif-Xx2aLQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "Had the pleasure of meeting Chef Steve at this must stop. Terrific conversation with an amazing restaurateur--which ALMOST overshadowed the incredible food. (I'm not even gonna start on the value. This meal is a fair bargain at twice what they charge...to get it for their menu pricing should be a felony)  The steak, pork chop, pork belly, pimento cheese, schmear, bread pudding, pot de créme...  Lord.  Just get here.  Norfolk, if you ever send this guy to Chicago, he's the new rock star of the food world. Love 'im while you got 'im."}, {"review_id": "U6vG8KWv0GwgtVSi0kruug", "user_id": "keFlxm2E2l4E8YfendKOGA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/22/2018", "text": "What a great little spot! I went on a Friday night and was concerned about a long wait since they don't take reservations, but we were seated immediately. The service was very attentive and helpful with recommendations on drinks and food. We started with the pimento cheese which I'm told is always on their rotating menu. I can see why, it was delicious! My main course was the lamb hash. The flavors were delicious and the portion size was just right. Dessert was the chocolate pot de creme at the server's recommendation. She said they always have this dessert but switch up the toppings. It was one of the best desserts I've ever had! The chocolate was so creamy and rich. The homemade whipped cream that topped it was the perfect pairing, along with the shortbread cookie crumbles. I would go back just to have that dessert again!"}, {"review_id": "iBJRy9NMXJruLR78auoEjg", "user_id": "JvORgjylhvxElcH1GUdnUg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "10/6/2017", "text": "Their philosophy is fresh ingredients, change the menu every 2-3 days, and do a good job with a few selection of food. Small, intimate environment. A little bit pricey (expect entree ranging from $10-$26)The only consistent thing on the menu is the legrand burger and pimento toast just a heads up if you like to look up the menu beforehand like me! I ordered the burger because i figured i want to try a staple menu item. The double patty was juicy and i liked the white sauce. The menu was an interesting mix of American and fusion food. For example, bulgogi with their own take on it. It was a good try but fusion can never be as good as the original. My only complaint is the lack of variety to the menu. My friend who only eats chicken as meat did not have any luck with the menu that particular day. There was pork, beef, and duck. That's it. The vegetarian options were only from the appetizer. Pretty happy with the experience. Not sure how i feel about the constantly changing menu, but I would prolly try their desserts if i were to come back!"}, {"review_id": "ZhcmsfhVs4Y4G6e-RetQGg", "user_id": "AmD1y1mIIkB-01VljEL_lA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/3/2018", "text": "Three of came to eat here. Service was terrific, beer was good. They have a menu that changes a couple times a week based upon local food availability. Duck confit was not really a confit since it wasn't browned, but delicious nonetheless. Steak with baby gem lettuce was a fulfilling, healthy dish although lettuce did not have much flavor. Pork shoulder had a delicious glaze and was easily cut into bites. Nice dining experience."}, {"review_id": "ax1gcz28H6IYWCxHzKb20A", "user_id": "YcIgvQrCHl7Xx9hz1mw3BQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/9/2018", "text": "Amazing place with a very low key and friendly atmosphere.. the food is just incredible and I can't stop recommending people to go!! We lived in California for 6 years and loved in and out burger to which LeGrand created something pretty similar but even better!! Get the egg on top and your day will be made!!"}, {"review_id": "Q6VPH-TSqsFn4IFItLvZqQ", "user_id": "qX6ftoXBj13rhuhifLwmxQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/18/2017", "text": "This is just about THE burger everyone talks about. I hope that I dont appear on the owners instagram page with this review, but it just didn't blow me away and I was frustrated that it didn't, not with LeGrand but with myself. I love burgers, who doesn't, but I really appreciate a good burger. People have told me that this tops every single burger you could ever have in the Hampton roads area. So I think I went into this expecting something more or maybe I'm just crazy and dont know what a good burger really tastes like. I visited on a Tuesday night about an hour before closing. It was my birthday and I did an upscale food and cocktail crawl around Norfolk to some of my favorite places and wanted to end the night at a place I've never been.It looks just like a Big Mac, down to the shredded lettuce(which the pickling is a genius idea just to add, and thin patties. The burger did not taste bad, but compared to burgers that I've had at Repeal or Hair of the Dog, it wasn't the best. I probably wouldn't go out of my way to have it again, especially when it doesn't come with a side. I will definitely come back to LeGrand to try their other menu items, because they do look fantastic. In the Yelp rating of things, it was A-OK, closer to a 3.5 starts then just 3, but that option isn't available."}, {"review_id": "EL3nYFAb2FA2VOxevgmpgQ", "user_id": "TyqAm0MiHx6k0BA20NjVcw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/29/2016", "text": "Good gracious, this place is good. LeGrand Kitchen is one of the smallest restaurants I've ever dined in in Hampton Roads but I love the vibe and the diminutive size makes for a very inviting, home-like feel. I went on Friday - early afternoon after they just opened for business. I was alone so they sat me at a bar which is right up at their kitchen. I get to see the magic happen and relax a little. The servers are friendly and bring to you a bottle of water. It looks kind of like a growler - pretty awesome if you ask me. I had an appetizer (the pork belly) and for an entrée I ordered their lamb stroganoff. Both items were delicious - the pork belly was tasty and the lamb was heavy. I was stuffed and was still full when I awoke the next morning. Simply put, I like everything that LeGrande offers. The entire staff is friendly and accommodating and they love to hear your thoughts on the food. It's not cheap, though, but is worth every penny. Like Nouvelle, I think my only complaint is that I waited way too long to dine here. If you haven't tried LeGrand Kitchen yet, do yourself a favor and check it out. You won't regret it.  JV"}, {"review_id": "Cl0tjyL2yXxZ6yoTUjBqQw", "user_id": "B2Xxvi43PIXGNk0YpDWouQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/13/2018", "text": "I had one of the best meals of my life last night! There must be magic at work in this restaurant. My husband and I went to check out LeGrand Kitchen after many friends telling us we had to go.We got there and they were packed, but we were determined to eat there. We waited about 30 minutes and were seated at the bar. The staff was amazingly friendly and accommodating. You can tell they pay great attention to their customers. The food is outstanding!"}, {"review_id": "Gd9QTmNyOl17qvieadsdZA", "user_id": "ZgCJQypoFc0gFLDVUA-Mqg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "What an outrageously wonderful restaurant. If you go here, which you absolutely should, sit at the bar. The food is prepared in front of you. Like hibachi, dinner and a show. The staff here is incredible, so polite, engaging and funny. The environment gets 11/10. Now. Onto the food. The first time, I started out with the deviled egg schmear. We also had the pimento cheese toast... I would come in at random times just to get that. For my entree I had the butcher steak. It was cooked to perfection. The sides were great. I'd never had carrot purée, I am a fan. My wife had the pork belly. Thankfully, she was kind enough to share it. I can't say I would have done the same. Delicious. The second time I had the pork belly. But was able to taste the pork chop with truffle butter. Hurry up and get there before they switch that gem out. I truly believe that this is the best restaurant in Norfolk. I was skeptical about reviewing, mostly because I don't want to wait to eat here again. But these guys deserve all the credit for the hard work they do. If you come here once, you'll come here at least once a month, as they change their menu. While you're at it, Pop down to Hoyt's. I'm about to spit some review all up on that page."}, {"review_id": "7y7Vl1KYBsqJhS2wBfmgQw", "user_id": "ZGXOdqaIcwQc1xpB_L_QcA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/28/2016", "text": "This restaurant was fantastic. We had been recommended by a close friend of ours who knows the team at le grand. We were able to try a variety of menu items and everything we had was delicious. I wish I could remember everything we tried. There wasn't a single thing that disliked. My wife had rockfish and throughly enjoyed it. I had the pork belly which was delicious. We also split a burger which was my favorite. I haven't had a burger that delicious in a long time. The burger was topped with a few different things but quite unique with pickled lettuce, jalapeños, and shallot mayo. We definitely left with a lot of leftovers because the portions were very worthwhile. The staff was extremely friendly and we had a great time celebrating my wife's birthday. Only recommendation for newcomers is to come in with an open mind and give them a shot. Someone sitting near us ordered a burger and asked for a lot of things to be left off and man did she miss out on an experience."}, {"review_id": "WlAQvtxup2ljRf9H64Qujw", "user_id": "lKdXMGyCukHb3gkup5Z3UQ", "rating": 1.0, "date": "9/25/2017", "text": "This is a review of the ambiance and seating - not the food. We decided to give Le Grand Kitchen a try given the raving reviews on Yelp. The restaurant has all of 10-12 seats and the interior better resembles a take out pizza joint rather than a \"chill and unpretentious vibe\" - unless you equate chill and unpretentious with an utter lack of care. When we arrived, a party of 6 was already seated, and we were advised by the waiter that a larger party than ours was arriving in 1.5 hours. So, he could sit us now, but when they arrived, they would need to be seated. Really? I mean - does that mean even if we were mid-meal they'd rush us out?We decided to give it a try anyway, but that resolution lasted all of 10 minutes. OMG the chairs. !!! Do yourself a favor - unless you are slim with a healthy back, go elsewhere. They sit you in these narrow metal lawn chairs with side arms, so if you have a tush or thighs, you can't sit fully back. And if you have a bad back, there's no padding AT ALL. The only other option they have is rickety looking stools at a bar. Who wants to be uncomfortable while trying to enjoy a good meal? Not us - we left."}, {"review_id": "xO4JvkkAPz7mX_ZOswNdbA", "user_id": "R6PI0-sSYhmR2HZwMm5Y9g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/7/2018", "text": "Farm to table, we eat here all the time. Highly recommend this place. Service is fast and friendly, location is super near old dominion university."}, {"review_id": "h_OcjiaxYex1jFheO_T2zA", "user_id": "iuyTpo8dv6uTo-mT-CUAGg", "rating": 2.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "Meh.  Overrated.  This place is cute and if the prices were a little lower I would probably give it 4 stars, but it did not live up to the hype on my first visit.  We were told when we got there it would be about a 25 min wait and that they would call us when our table was ready.  So we went to Cogan's for a drink and 45 min later, we finally got a call.  We were seated by the door, so it was very cold and drafty and the chairs are metal.  Needless to say, it was not a very comfortable dining experience.  I was willing to overlook that until we were told that they were out of the only two things on the menu that I was excited about.  For an already very small menu, I find this a bit unacceptable.  We ordered a bottle of wine while we mulled over the remaining menu items.  However, instead of proper wine glasses we were served with small water style glasses.  So it felt a bit like pregaming in a hotel room... not how I like to enjoy a $45 bottle of wine.  Our food came out fairly quickly and it was good, but nothing to write home about.  I had the steak and my girlfriends had the pork belly and trout.  Everything was prepared well and the portions were appropriate.  But none of us were \"wowed.\"    I'm not sure what I missed, maybe we just hit an off night, but I've had far better meals in far better atmospheres for the same price.  I probably won't be returning."}, {"review_id": "-uwfOjmyBjr6uY5DUY-tFw", "user_id": "ZkcUFKRjUmMkgDkxdao8dg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/9/2018", "text": "The food here is pretty great.  Everything I've ever had has been wonderful. Get the LeGrand burger - I've never had a better burger elsewhere."}, {"review_id": "33yoqIO-OVMrwbg08cYR8w", "user_id": "UIAIC9tHZbchgw9D7rwfPQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "6/3/2017", "text": "This place is phenomenal and I can't wait to come back! Chef Stephen put together a tasting menu for us including braised lamb, shishito peppers, a double cheeseburger, and other fantastic dishes; each well-executed and seasoned masterfully. LGK represents an evolution of the food scene in Norfolk and surrounding areas, and the prospect of this continued growth makes me very excited; especially as someone who calls Virginia his home state. The braised lamb neck was probably the most delicious preparation of lamb that I've ever had, but the turnips served alongside them (cooked simply with salt, butter, and fresh thyme) were even better! I was very impressed overall, and would trust this team of chefs completely regardless of what they are cooking from Stephen's ever-changing menu.A mainstay dish on their menu is a deviled egg spread served with ritz crackers rather than within the white of an egg. It's simple and brilliant, and I've yet to see it anywhere else."}, {"review_id": "3Nn2PXif3_g7h_-bE5n_OA", "user_id": "1dMcLroFwl1hNBq0buGN8A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/7/2017", "text": "I was in the area for a long weekend with my husband.  We were looking for a local place to eat. We saw LeGrand Kitchen on Yelp so we decided to try it out.  We got seats at the front row watching them cooking in front of us.  It was cool, clean and organized--my OCD fell in love with the place.  We ordered the farmers shmear--it's delicious.  I got the duck dish and my husband got the VA flounder.  The food tasted so fresh and was a lot more than we expected!  Must try!"}, {"review_id": "EDA5NHdEqv1vIZm-iiAZsg", "user_id": "0b62PfxzlsqWif-yZR7yMQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/6/2017", "text": "LeGrand continues to be the place for creative, inspired dishes in an unpretentious, laid-back sanctuary. Every time, it seems, there's a new menu item that tops the last. The focus is the food and the chef executes the ambitious menu every time. We stopped by on Friday, hoping to nab a table after First Friday downtown and were lucky to squeeze in between groups. I had the duck breast with lentils, Pungo cabbage, sweet potato, berbere, and Ethiopian butter. My companion opted to try the burger that's been teasing us. The duck was silky and tender and dissolved into pure pleasure while the side of lentils and accompaniment with berbere sprinkled proved to be a revelation. Each elevated the other. The burger arrived, a mountain of moist beef, cheese, pickled lettuce, and jalapeno. She figured she'd never finish it all. She did. Great food and a theme that highlights the great Norfolk sound. We never go wrong popping into this little gem."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/legrand-kitchen-norfolk?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]