[[{"review_id": "s0opdign4RisoK0UwwuLbg", "user_id": "MtTf8rECRlMYysIfmYIgTA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "If you like burgers, go here. If you whiskey, go here. If you like truffle Mac and cheese, go here. One of the best burgers I've had in the area. The truffle Mac and cheese is probably the best I've had. Their fries are good, but not the best. Their mixed drinks and whiskey selection is great. I've had a few of the burgers here. All are exceptional. Well cooked, great seasoning, and their toppings perfectly tie it together. They are unique and flavors that you won't find elsewhere. Highly recommend! The only thing I would knock is that it's cramped. I personally would not go in the high tourist times, just too busy. The restaurant is small and you are seated pretty close to others. Parking close by without paying is tough. That's minor in my opinion. But still worth noting if you plan on going during a busy season."}, {"review_id": "C8u1X0BFAOb8hRWRKiDdEg", "user_id": "UBiYBJtgZ4BC0gwXW2Yf-A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "I spot with \"Bourbon\" and \"Burgers\" in the name better be stellar at both.  Mission accomplished.They have the largest selection of bourbons/whiskeys/scotches that I've come across anywhere.  And, they make a friggin' MEAN Old Fashioned.  O.O. I mean, wicked good!  The burgers (I always order well-done) are juicy and flavorful, too.The chili is both spicy & sweet.  I recommend getting it alongside the truffle Mac & cheese, so you can combine flavors.  Delicious!The poutine is solidly the best I've had anywhere.  Like, on any continent in which I had it.  Including Europe.  Yes, even poutine I had in France pales in comparison.The cheese curds are good, too.The spot gives off classy hipster vibes, without portentousness.  It's a very comfortable spot, good for all ages.  It can accommodate small groups, but definitely call ahead (as much notice as possible), as it's a small spot.A bit pricey, for my tastes.  Two Angel's Envy Old Fashioneds approached $40.  But, they were really friggin' good.  No regrets, I just won't be going HAM there.Solid 5.  Give it a go."}, {"review_id": "yunwLk05m3KK7D-uZ2m5dg", "user_id": "xMfOay0yJHtAzDUj96Gseg", "rating": 2.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "We came here to relax and celebrate a friend's engagement. We had a bad experience with a server.Initially our group was composed of 5 people, so we told the host we could squeeze into a 4 person table. Two other friends who were in the area texted that they wanted to come by as well, so we asked the server if she would mind if we moved to a larger table that was being vacated next to us. The server had been cold towards our group from the start. She told us we couldn't move because they had groups waiting.  Certainly understandable.  However, to our surprise, the large table was given to a party of 2 people leaving 7 of us crowding into a small table.The point is, there was no cost or lost time that would have been incurred to the restaurant by her accommodating our request of having that party sit at our table and allowing us to shift over to the large table.  It was clear that she simply wanted to make a point and punish us for adding people to our group. I asked her about the situation afterwards to give her the benefit of the doubt, and it only reinforced that this was her motivation. I've never dealt with such punishment before in the service industry - it defies logic and good business. And it ruined my friend's celebration of her engagement.An extra star because the burgers are delicious, and I've been many times. This review is in the hope that the feedback is well-received by the management. It is a good restaurant and I would recommend it - just with a different server."}, {"review_id": "4thwaOlvNKygbbNVYfYzXg", "user_id": "UVMHeZSWY5h7typaAQG_6w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "Every other 5 star review I've ever written before was misguided, because Repeal is the new standard by which I will judge every other restaurant. My husband and I were in VA beach for Easter weekend and Repeal was poppin'! There was a half hour wait but we were lucky and snagged two seats at the bar. We already knew we wanted to order whiskey sours because we had heard about their egg-white whiskey sours and they did not disappoint. Whiskey sours used to be my thing, and this was probably the best one I've ever had. The egg white makes the drink fluffy and light and the fresh lemon is insanely refreshing! We also ordered some custom old fashioneds which were SO good too. The bartenders were all great and you could tell everybody was super passionate about Bourbon. The best part of Repeal however, had to be the burger. I got the Wicked Pissah which is a burger with fried lobster and old bay chips. Literally LIFE CHANGING. And the truffle Parmesan fries were to die for. My husband got the fire and brimstone burger which was spicy and delicious. I can't say enough good things about these dang burgers. I loved it so much that my mom and I ended up coming back for lunch this week! And of course, I was a nice wife and I brought my hubby a fire and brimstone burger and bacon dust fries all the way back to Richmond. I think I won the best wife award!"}, {"review_id": "g4Zf5ZZUUgstUgcZximDkg", "user_id": "BuTWm3y7dgSE75WiWCXQBg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/6/2018", "text": "Came here at 7 and it's crowded, and we waited for about 30 mins and finally got a seat outside. At first we felt like we want to sit inside but thank god we didn't because it was overcrowded, hot and loud inside, plus the weather was nice the day we visit, just had to get annoyed by bunch of rednecks driving their loud and old junk cars, nothing that the restaurant can do. I had the Prohibition with truffle mac and cheese, my friend had the Californication with fries. Our burgers were warm but the taste is good. The Prohibition: The burger meat is thick, other ingredients are fresh. However, the bun can be more cruncher and I can't really taste the cheese. The truffle mac and cheese: I thought they were gonna use the truffle sauce but they used the truffe oil, which is still good.My friend said her burger tasted good but same thing with the temperature. I tried some of her fries and they are really good. They are super crunchy, which I prefer.The servers are nice and friendly. One of them forgot to give us napkins and silverwares but it's fine cuz they were really busy and he gave us the stuff eventually.The main reason I took 2 stars off is because of the wait for my bill. I understand they were super busy but it took about 20 mins for the whole process for me to pay, which include me giving my card to the hostess because we waited more than 10 mins for somebody to take it but no one came back. After my card was taken we waited for a while again...If you are familiar with that area you know that there's no free parking in that area and since we're using the meter parking we were glad that we paid for more minutes or else Imma giving a 1 star for this place because of the wait of our bill, so here is also a tip for you, you'd wanna pay for more minutes like 2 hours or more to be safe. Trust me, my friend's car had been towed becuz she wanna save her $2 and park in a parking lot without paying and ended up walking 10 blocks on her high heels and paid $250. I know the meter spots cost like 145 too so not worth it at all. Don't worry about not having cash, they accept credit cards too."}, {"review_id": "mGG7FBLTUZw72H5aEIEGcg", "user_id": "BYASdD5pBnOoND1o6YQfXA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/1/2018", "text": "Good food, good vibe, and good service!My friends and I visited here according to 4.5 Yelp review  and it was actually good!!I wasn't sure about the place because some restaurants near beaches lie on Yelp :( BUT. This. Is. Accountable. We ordered 2 classic burgers, Californification, and Sssssshrooms (not sure the name is right. But something like this). They were all so good! I highly recommend to get french fries / truffle Mac n Cheese as your side. They are nicely done. The portion was right, and price was also nice for burger. We stayed outside because of the dogs, but inside was cozy ans hip. The servers were friendly and helpful (and fast!!). I highly recommend this place. If you want some good American food, try this place!"}, {"review_id": "CBopNarHAoqRvIiHoYnNBw", "user_id": "ovpj9rUjj_SpDBGwaFWoQg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/31/2018", "text": "Atmosphere: This is a cool Hipster spot that is known for prohibition drinks and burgers. The feel is casual but expensive (hipster trait). They have a lot of whiskey and bourbon option drinks that are craft style. Food: Ridiculously awesome!! I got the Californication  burger with bacon dusted fries. It was amazing. The food here is the bomb. Service: Not bad, server was cool but not super friendly. Still good service. Overall: This place is great. A bit pricey but a lot of fun and very good drinks and food. Go here!!"}, {"review_id": "zfLbcElhDVFSUJHgR1SbJw", "user_id": "IwLB7CpxFivRM9WDTJQ04Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/23/2018", "text": "The staff was beyond amazing. Of course a fri night at 8pm was crazy but not even 45 mins later were we seated. The wait staff seemed a little salty but they work on the beach. Our waitress ended up being amazing!The bartenders were on point tonight!! I'm a simple gal.. I love my Jameson and ginger. The drinks were amazing... But let's talk about this \"Wicked Pissahhh\" Burger!! OMG!! It was amazing!! Even though the waitress forgot my bacon dusted fries, this burger made up for it 10 fold. I like my burger Med Rare.. It was perfect. I couldn't ask for a better experience!! I can't wait to go back and try the Mac n cheese!!Please, if you're in town visiting, check this place out and WAIT FOR SEATING!!! You will be doing yourself a favor! Lobster and a burger, REALLY!!! It was incredible!!It's a small place but everyone was really cool working around one another and guests standing around. We ended up closing the bar down but they didn't rush us out or anything. It was all in all DEFINITELY a 5 star worthy place!"}, {"review_id": "GyCE4ohjDa8Amju8Vu4lFg", "user_id": "74CKGin60sup3mClSe3IOg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/22/2018", "text": "Nicely appointed smallish place with a very impressive whiskey selection. Numerous craft cocktails available, try one.......I had the Waldorf, very tasty. Absinthe? I haven't had that in years, let's do it.A handful of craft beers available on draft captured my attention, something for most all tastes, a stout, an ipa, a Belgian, couple more. I had to order a burger. Truffle dusted fries? Yep. Burger was fantastic, fries excellent, I would make this a regular stop if I were you. I'll be back."}, {"review_id": "UBHAYriL4hRu2r0fuKs_aA", "user_id": "5UnXoY65nv5jLuk6M6PIUw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "This place was awesome. There is a reason that they have 4.5 stars for 500+ reviews! It was honestly one of the best burgers I've had. They done have a kids menu. That's is a bummer. But my boys were able to split the macaroni and a classic burger. They are well staffed with excellent customer service! Full bar for the drinkers! The food overall was delicious! Well seasons. Loved the various different options of fries without getting charged extra. Substitute it with the macaroni as well if you would like. Awesome Burger place hands down!"}, {"review_id": "EjPCPTK7YdOdIzRPJACRPw", "user_id": "PA82zJ6FbpZ4ofOXONx50g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/16/2018", "text": "OMG, they killed the Californication Burger for meand I happily ate it! They have a wide variety of whiskey. They have a burger face-off on the 25th April - do come in, enjoy their burgers and bite for them.The staff is very friendly. I come in on a slow Monday afternoon. And there were still 6 people here. Good for groups. I'm going to come back at night time to see how lively it gets."}, {"review_id": "jgjzUtnxM1g-k3DUkAFi_w", "user_id": "vfbMzNYONKthoibxjBrLQA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/5/2018", "text": "This place has a speakeasy feel and is kind of small, two of the reasons why we chose this restaurant. We chose the right place because this was probably the best burger I have ever had. I got the Brimstone with truffle parm fries and my wife got the Californiacation.  The Brimstone has a deliciously sweet and spicy habanero chutney, the burger was insanely juicy.  The Californiacation had a rich creaminess from the fried avocado and great flavor.  To drink we tried the Bowery Boy with a nice frothiness on top from egg whites.  We also had Eagle rare neat, this place knows their bourbon.  The wait staff and bartenders had knowledge of all products and were very willing to give recommendations.  We will be back when we visit next and would highly recommend to our friends."}, {"review_id": "QMOdfMnbcrXy7x4yLNLtlg", "user_id": "pmX_OHLkQ8n3DPC8ZmKErA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/23/2018", "text": "This was our first time checking this place out. Dave and I were in the mood for a delicious hamburger and this was DEFINITELY a good choice. To all my foodies... check this place out! Parking is only available for metered side street parking or public parking (which you will have to walk a few blocks).  It was a very nice day so the walk was not bad at all.Their bar area was pretty impressive but we chose to sit in a booth- very comfortable. I would love to try their whiskey selection sometime but drank enough the night before so just had water during this visit. We started off with the Poutine: house fries, bourbon gravy, cheese curd, bacon dust.  OMG. BOMB.COM.Dave ordered the Wicked Pissah: pan fried lobstah, cheddah cheese, old bay chips. I ordered the Prohibition: Surry county bacon, free range over easy egg, cheddar cheese and Swiss cheese and we both chose the truffle mac n cheese as our side.We were in such a food coma afterwards...AKA the \"itis\" but it was so worth it. Thank God we had to walk a few blocks to the car. I am sure this place gets crowded since it is a small place. We will be back again I'm sure.Overall great place."}, {"review_id": "0IdVTb62LXX9jwI3-QQ0VA", "user_id": "B8G80XzPySr9QreIkSNgFw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "Omg-this is a must visit for sure!! Went here after reading the reviews and man it did not disappoint! Went at about 6 on a Friday and were sat immediately. We started with the Caprese stack-fresh, perfect size for two to share. We ordered the truffle mac and cheese for our 3yr old-not sure who ate more her or us! Absolutely is too die for! I had The Classic Burger with some bacon-cooked perfectly and the parmesan fries on the side....delish! My husband enjoyed The Prohibition and ate every crumb. Our waiter (mad I didn't catch his name...tall, dark hair...) was attentive, offered some excellent suggestions and was seriously funny as hell.  If your looking for a good burger-this is the place to go."}, {"review_id": "EAQPv96JMc_NCkWLXlYlXg", "user_id": "agTGrWpYXHK_x3PbCEXgxA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/22/2017", "text": "AMAZING food!!!  Wow, holy crap.  I'm really glad the Oceanfront has a nice local spot that serves up both affordable AND delicious burgers!Repeal Bourbon and Burgers is right off of 22nd St, about a couple blocks from the boardwalk.  Can be hard to miss if you aren't looking!  It's a very quaint and casual spot.  Smaller than I expected!  But still nice. I loved the wooden decor and huge lineup of bourbon bottles at the bar.   I can imagine that this place is poppin' during the summer, so I'm very thankful that I went during the off-season.Our waiter was very nice!  My sister and I split an order of Poutine [$10], and oh goodness, what a great start to this meal. A generous portion of crispy fries, melty cheese curds, delicious gravy, with fresh green onions and a perfectly silky over easy egg on top. It was fantastic; I haven't experienced a flavor combination this awesome in longgg time. My only super minor criticism is that there was something sweet in the gravy or something that threw me off.  Maybe it was maple syrup.  It didn't bother me too much, but I personally think this dish would be better without it.  My sister and I still inhaled these, and I'm sure I'll be ordering these again next time!For my burger, I ordered the Californication [$11], cooked medium.  Nice sized portion!  The fried avocado was a unique touch. Truffle Parm fries tasted great!  Man, do these guys cook amazing fries.All in all, I had an amazing experience, and I can't wait to bring my friends and family here!  My only regret is that I ate too much Poutine and couldn't finish my burger.  Thank goodness for takeout boxes!"}, {"review_id": "5WMEZxkPhc0exgeyxFIg6Q", "user_id": "BhxlW3YlUE0ckQ6lV_hKcQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/7/2018", "text": "I hit an early lunch here and had the entire place to myself. The Fire & Brimstone burger with roasted habanero chutney was really tasty. Just the right amount of kick without burning lips or overpowering the burger. Elected for the sweet potato fries but from what I hear the flavored fries are a nice addition. Would definitely explore more of the menu if I'm in VBeach again."}, {"review_id": "lWW6xvu_C9zri6glOnVLIw", "user_id": "nW6NN73N9JOdjyN6tR83jA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/15/2018", "text": "This place is on point. Lot of care has been put into crafting their burgers and preparing their drinks. I ordered what the guy next to me was having, a spicy burger of some sorts, and it was good. My guess is that anything they put on the menu would be highly enjoyable. Had a couple of drinks and they were also good. Will definitely go back."}, {"review_id": "URvWZm8oPCqW7sNGtu2X3Q", "user_id": "9WoG1XT-F7atSLNLbkFj2w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/25/2018", "text": "They deliveried!  My burger was absolutely delicious.  I enjoyed every bite of the Shhroooom burger.  The truffle mac and cheese was awesome too.  But when you have a burger the best side is French fries.  The truffle mac and cheese was like a meal on its own.  I quenched my thirst with a Plymouh Rock.  Ten thumbs up! If you like a French 75 you'll love this cocktail.  They don't have parking. So, I had to pay $5 to park.  Or street parking is free, but good luck at that.  I ate outside.  It's a small spot with some outside sitting.  Even though I had to drive around to attept to find free parking, i recommemd adding this spot and add it to my list of outstanding burgers and drinks"}, {"review_id": "lsD1ILdbMJWKnY3u--x5Qg", "user_id": "xi9b5f87wWH0mg3wc1mxCw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "This place is has good vibes and great food. There were 4 in my party and we sat near the restrooms, which will not happen again. The restroom deodorizer was not overpowering, but I smelled it every time the door opened. I ordered the poutine as an app with a planter's punch and Tur-duck- en burger, it was a large burger and nicely prepared. The poutine was outstanding, starring the gravy and the egg."}, {"review_id": "yAuSJbYRG1R7SJhkaWf7fQ", "user_id": "vU7bZRDYGzRQ21ALnIOqqw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/26/2018", "text": "Good burger place right near the beach. Had the Chilli cheese burger option, cooked medium burger was very juicy and flavorful. As I side I had the truffle Mac which was solid but prob better off sticking with the traditional accompaniment with fries.  I didn't grab a drink but they had tons of various bourbons to choose from. There was even an option to create your own old fashion and Manhattan. I certainly want to give It a try next time."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/repeal-bourbons-and-burgers-virginia-beach?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]