[[{"review_id": "YjHOpnj7q-YhKwG6dINSXA", "user_id": "BOXQsZOl00z7Xomou88rrw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/27/2018", "text": "Delicious food made from fresh ingredients.  Simple menu with complex flavors complimented by varieties of toppings and sauces.  Arguably the best falafel around.  Despite the high traffic in its newly expanded location, it's always clean and inviting, playing host to a myriad of diverse patrons.  Avi, the owner, suggested I try the chicken thigh entree and said \"if you don't like it better than the breast, I'll refund your money.\"  Needless to say, it was prepared moist, flavorful and at the perfect temperature in 'healthy' portions!  No refund needed!!!The owner is also community minded, donating to our children's school fundraising event - spawned by one informal request. If you crave NY city street-style Mediterranean food, save yourself the time/money of air travel and visit this terrific local food spot - your tastebuds will be grateful."}, {"review_id": "cXT6JcGOW9KVCQN_fMsMqw", "user_id": "J4l4Rn13-3Hjb_J-Ntgd9g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "A lot of food for a pretty fair price! I also appreciated how friendly the servers are. During our first visit, they walked us through the offerings and ordering process. The food itself tastes great and has a nice genuine/homey feel to it. Case in point, I thought their falafel was awesome! The yogurt sauce is likewise delish It's a pretty spacious dining area. Kind of an unfinished industrial feel similar to Chipotle. It's definitely one of my favorite eateries on 21st street. It's casual but has genuine good eats!"}, {"review_id": "FfVAid6vLbWKEL5InLyAog", "user_id": "ApUP3rYDHW5L_z_Hq4nRZQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/25/2018", "text": "My first observation about Mr. Shawarma was the fact that I saw 4 different religions eating under one roof. Jewish, Muslim, Christians, and Hindu. You know there's got to be something great about this food that it can bring folks together like that! So the Mrs had the Shawarma Platter, the taste was exquisite, she absolutely adored the flavor of the chicken. Now she didn't eat her veggies but don't blame the restaurant, she's just like that with certain vegetables texture and flavors. She enjoyed  the cucumber salad and the egg plant though. I on the other hand had the falafel platter, the flavor of the falafel was out of this world. I've had what has been considered the best of the best falafel and WOW, the flavor of these falafels were a taste to rival any tase you had previously.This restaurant was worth the 30 minute drive. It was worth the effort. To the guy who takes your order, I didn't catch his name but he was behind the register around 6:30pm. Two thumbs up on your suggestions, I enjoyed every bite and I will be back! There's so much I can say positive about this spot but I believe I said it all with giving them 5 stars, you guys know I just don't throw them around!Until Next time, this has been another Fatboy Fabulous Adventure!"}, {"review_id": "BFPeLh6FWKk_gUo1vEp1jg", "user_id": "mdIcAdiNbmZurG0JwipSVQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/27/2018", "text": "So I was really stoked to try this place and the food did not disappoint but the management/service did. Food: fresh ingredients, tasty sauces, delicious cole slaw. Great falafel balls on soft pita bread, so awesome. However upon strolling in on a Friday afternoon I was informed they were out of every meat on their menu- chicken, beef, etc. That's kind of a mess. Also their business hours are not the best. Still going to come back though because the pita I had was so good."}, {"review_id": "7wRsNYXzmn-MBN1m0BTAcA", "user_id": "4XOEU1DhSnQf2CW5t-W3JQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/25/2018", "text": "Some of the best food in the world comes out of the Middle East. What a gift to have a place like this right in the heart of Ghent. Since moving here I've made a couple visits to this spot, and it has quickly become one of my favorite food destinations. I fully intend to try all of the pita options, but the chicken shawarma is hard to pass up. I always get the pita meal with fries and a drink. The fries are crisp, salty, and come with a dill sauce that I'm convinced is delivered fresh from heaven every day. Seriously, it's been touched by the divine. Also, get the mango juice. DO IT! Let's talk about the shawarma. Many splendid things are served in a pita pocket. What I love about this shawarma is the variety of flavors that make sweet, sweet love to your tastebuds as you work your way through this pita. You've got the hot savory meat, the crisp cool cucumber/tomato salad, the creamy hummus, the tangy dill sauce, the rich eggplant, the slaw, and the sour pickles. Every bite is uniquely different and abundantly delicious, based on the artful construction of the pita. There's also a spicy kick to the degree you request at the service line. My standard is medium, but if you're feeling frisky, go for the hot. It makes my glasses fog up. Ghent has a lot to offer foodies. Mr Shawarma is a must-have on your list of food-goals!"}, {"review_id": "b1dhhviP4CIp1DuakLBgiw", "user_id": "raoE2GLz2xKF1qNk9dcMDQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/11/2017", "text": "Man oh, man...This place can make me scream out \"shut up and take my money\" without thinking twice. The first time I have visited this place, I had one tooo many drinks so I've questioned my judgment when I thought the food was great!Well, I went again just to make sure and I was right, YUP! The food is STILL great! During my last visit as compared to my first, I got the Shwarma Pita (last time it was the Wrap, \"All-The-Way\", I'm talking all the good sauces, that \"good-good\" meat, and some fries were thrown into the wrap) I can taste all the delicious flavors as I write this. And of course you got to get the falafel, this is a serious sin if you miss this step when acquiring such awesome food. Yes, it's a little pricey but in my opinion, you get everything you ask for and more. I can't wait to come back again!"}, {"review_id": "V0Y9HFl9alXpzoEH1MgpHA", "user_id": "bEMQH1KGEk4ZYW_ge3iKoQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "While the concept is reminiscent of Subway the food is unbelievably delicious.  I opted for the Chicken Wrap with hummus, medium spice, tomato/cucumber and garlic sauce.  It looked so good I had to place a second order for a chicken pita with onions and eggplant (no way was I sharing my wrap). Since I was bringing the food back to Virginia Beach I didn't add the fries because I thought Sunday afternoon traffic would be my downfall.  Next time I'm in Norfolk I'll add the fries and eat it there.  *Try the Peach Nectar YUM"}, {"review_id": "DLEa_-vj9_Ea-hJ_q7x3vA", "user_id": "BkwCuSVFn11WvOYF7b2hOw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "I was really nervous to try Mr. Shawarma, but I've heard so much good. This was my first time there and it was definitely worth it!! I will recommend this spot to many people. It is a clean place and the staff is great. They stuffed the pita with a hefty amount of meat and sides. It's a very simple menu, but there are so many flavors and combinations you can play with. You may have to go on an empty stomach, it sure will get you full. I will be returning."}, {"review_id": "GiIhtgmMJ9ycwzM9Pv1RIw", "user_id": "1CkjIwVBP3_nrq3Nd0I2ZQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "6/27/2017", "text": "This seriously IS as good as it gets.I've been hearing much chatter over this place and it's been on my To-Do list for quite some time now. So when the opportunity arose for me to go, I snatched at it quick!Walking in the place seems a little...undone? Unfinished? Not fully renovated? Almost like, \"Is this place even open?\". But alas, avert your gaze more towards the luring aroma of some middle eastern spices, and you will see that they are in fact, a running, flourishing restaurant. The way you order reminds me of a middle eastern Chipotle. You choose between wrap, pita, or bowl. I chose a wrap because it was my first time and I wanted the full experience. I also ordered the Shawarma as my protein, which entails slices of turkey meat with lamb fat in the middle (holy yum). We also got a side order of hummus and a side order of the Falafels. After you order and pay with the cashier you wait for your buzzer to ring. Once it does you go to where the guys behind the counter are making your food and they ask if you want hummus, hot sauce, cucumbers, etc (they go down the line and ask what you want on it). Obviously I got everything because Im not picky and I love all the food. The wrap ended up being HUGE. I was rather excited. We sat down with our feast and dug in. I cant even explain how happy eating this made me. I had the biggest smile on my face and I kept \"Mmm-ing\" the whole time. It was life changing. The hummus was SO creamy, and the pita bread they give you with it is the softest and fluffiest I've ever had. The falafels were easily the best I've ever had as well. Usually they are so dry and just, blah from other establishments. But these were fried and juicy and all out amazing. I can't really say much more except that this place is perfection. Lots of food, DELICIOUS food, fast and friendly service. I mean, that's all we as customers really want out of a restaurant, correct? The place could probably use a little interior design upgrade, but that wont take from my 5 stars, nor would that deter me from eating here again. Gosh, writing this review has me seriously jonesing to come back here for dinner tonight. Keep it up Mr Shawarma!!"}, {"review_id": "A19O-jk-gmkoyjEmmbgxKg", "user_id": "AMlG4aXYVuzP7jdArpPXlQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/15/2017", "text": "I like Mr. Shawarma. The first time I went there, I thought the kebab (turkey with lamb fat between layers) was rather dry. I had it on a platter. I decided to try Mr. Shawarma again, this time with a pita. It was muuuch better, having everything mixed together. The third time, the staff told me they redid their shawarma recipe and it's now chicken -- echoing what other recent reviewers have said. It tasted fine to me, I think the best part of the meal is the hot pitas and flavorful sauces and salads that come. (Just go ahead and get your pita/wrap/platter all the way) I have always found the staff very friendly and nice. Tip: Make sure you check the hours before you go. They are a bit unusual for the restaurant industry."}, {"review_id": "VAd7ujI35U7sIWAVf01H5g", "user_id": "ALjk4_t_X_JNUNopewEdNg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "Perfection, Mr Shawarma be thy name. I have lived in the middle east, not as a visitor but a resident.  This is the best hummus and falafel and Shawarma I've had since being back in USA ( including Boston and other places where there's more available). Last time I went there I got hummus to go too.  Friendly staff, but closed on Jewish holidays so plan accordingly."}, {"review_id": "IkWOIMc3tukjkbHasW_4TA", "user_id": "z3-chF7JJi1aSFXuKlsGPQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "I was very disappointed. The food had no flavor and the sauces were bitter and gross. No one can touch Garlic n Lemon in Brighton MA.  Sorry but I would not come back here.  Only gave it 3 stars because everything seemed fresh."}, {"review_id": "fqvqrgPqOJxH1fbkRC3BQw", "user_id": "2UvehWv0DR8qbRvo6zqDGw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/12/2017", "text": "Delicious and addicting. You should eat here. Get the shawarma in a pita. That's the right way to do it. I get almost everything in my shawarma - even french fries and especially tahini and eggplant. It's so good.The only things I don't get in my shawarma are the spicy paste (because I don't like it spicy), their sauces other than tahini, and the caramelized onions. The garlic sauce adds a sweetness that is out of place and the red sauce, although being the sauce that they use to marinate their meat, adds too much of that marinade flavor. The tahini is the only sauce you need - it binds all the flavors and adds the rich depth that you would expect from a good shawarma. I also don't get it with sweet onions because, like the garlic sauce, it adds a sweetness that's out of place. You can get french fries or falafel balls on the side. They are both great and you won't go wrong with either. The falafel could be a little lighter, as it is slightly (very slightly) too dense. But it's still good quality falafel.  Get tahini on the side to dip your falafel in, as well as to pour over your shawarma as you go."}, {"review_id": "E19zQUpNeReF5a3C32US-g", "user_id": "dw1KyWEdw632na2RbyFiyA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/11/2018", "text": "Mr. Shawarma is hands-down my favorite place in Norfolk to pick up a quick bite. Their falafel pita is a MUST. Proportions are large; I can almost never finish one. I recently tried the chicken shawarma, and that too is delicious. The falafel pita is the stand out for though. I also appreciate that they have a vegan option.Above all, their staff and customer service is unparalleled."}, {"review_id": "HTexUexmRgvy2-iRnwmZMA", "user_id": "TrU49Ydk2ZMjlh0rtOVj7g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/20/2017", "text": "Talk about your overdue reviews. This is one place that I not only frequent, but constantly rave and recommend to friends. It is uniquely ethnic in a city that is sparse in strong culinary diversity. Of course their are great examples where I can be proven wrong, however Mediterranean fare is weak not only in Norfolk, but Hampton Roads. Enter Mr. Shawarma in just over two years has taken Norfolk by storm with their Israeli street food menu.The location is fantastic in the heart of Ghent on 21 street. Parking is free by street, or a shared rear parking lot. You can enter through the back entrance if you know which door. Signage needs to be applied to the door, it saved a long walk around the building. The parking lot was clear with minor debris out front on the sidewalk. Owner Avi Eli originally from Israel runs his business old school like back home. He is one of the coolest and most authentic guys you will ever meet. His standards are extremely high and everything must be fresh and is never held over the next day. His staff have the same passion for service and quality. Manager Tal who runs the front and often prepares the food loves his job and it shows. The new space they now occupy was previously Lemongrass Grille. Mr. Shawarma moved over one store for additional space to expand their popular Ghent restaurant. The dining room not only accommodates more customers, but is a more more comfortable eating experience. They also have a front patio that overlooks the sidewalk on 21 street. The times I have been in the tables have been clear and floors clean. Due to the fact it is self bus I would recommend a roving staff person to wipe the tables down at rush. Let's talk food. I've had several items on the menu in my over dozen visits. A favorite is the Shawarma wrap combo that comes with side of falafel thats not to be missed. This can be served in owner Ali favorite pita, the most authentic way to eat. Or, as a wrap. The food is prepared directly in front of you. Don't go far because they need help building it. You can apply as little, or more spices as you wish. The hummus was a first on my last visit a blew me away. Drinks are by fountain soda, or can in their stand up cooler. The can drinks are from Israel and I recommend. On Friday the cooler was broken with repairs expected by Tuesday, so unfortunately no can soda which was disappointing. Restrooms are located in the rear. I found the men's room clean with proper supplies on my last visit. This is a must visit no matter what your apprehension may be trying Mediterranean food. The misconception that it's spicy is not necessarily true, the customer is in control everything that goes in it. I'm a huge fan and wish them much continued success in their beautiful new space."}, {"review_id": "at3mK4e0VIiinKAeLNlSPw", "user_id": "XdGZtx86LzJAv6TqRIbj7Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/26/2018", "text": "I've only been here once so far, but I definitely want to come back! The hubs got a spicy chicken shawarma, while I got the regular. The restaurant's interior was nice and the people were cool. 10/10 would recommend!"}, {"review_id": "-tITofK38wiESs95QlQnIA", "user_id": "_mPrUh0PhG8BpGs-RQkaWQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "6/29/2017", "text": "HOLY MOLY. YOU MUST EAT HERE IF YOU HAVE NOT! I decided to check this place out with a friend after reading all of the positive reviews. I was NOT disappointed. The food tasted absolutely delicious and the service was wonderful. I was highly impressed with the decor in the restaurant. It's simple, but has an industrial/rustic feel to it. There is plenty of seating, so finding a place to eat is not a problem! I ordered the grilled chicken breast in the pita bread. You also have the option to have it in a wrap or a bowl. I also ordered a side of their falafel (these tasted AMAZING!!!!!). Once you place an order, you are given a buzzer that goes off when your meat is ready. I only waited about 5 minutes. This was my first time here, so the staff walked me through each topping! They have cucumbers, tomatoes, eggplant, hummus, and so much more. They also have vegetarian options, which is nice! The staff were very friendly and answered any questions I had about the menu. In total, I paid about $14. If you have not checked this place out, you must ASAP! I will definitely be back."}, {"review_id": "Euvjj7h4xoGhhxnzqknDPA", "user_id": "VeENfUuiuegBXO-bTC35BA", "rating": 1.0, "date": "2/26/2018", "text": "This is not authentic Mediterranean food. It taste a little Indian and then it's a bit Americanized with the wraps and French fries inside. Just all over the place. The pita bread and wraps are in an ice cooler. WTH LOL! I wouldn't recommend this place. The staff was friendly. How did they get 4.5 stars, I have no idea lol"}, {"review_id": "1_Fk1RpRtFGogzeUzqyYBQ", "user_id": "-JsBUIo6-MIeCIH5Y2KP5Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "6/1/2017", "text": "Thanks for being open on Memorial Day so that I could discover this deliciousness!  Food is awesome: got a shawarma bowl with all the toppings and it easily lasted me two meals worth. Shawarma was on point: huge portions, very savory/flavorful, and so tender.  The toppings were all great additions with the shawarma: cabbage, onions, eggplant, tomatoes, cucumbers and probably more that I'm missing PLUS you get a side of pita and garlic sauce.  The sauce was incredible and I used it with my bowl, my pita, and some falafel I got on the side. Let's talk falafel: it was the best I've had: the textures were unbelievable.Service was interesting because I suppose I was half expecting a Chipotle ordering style, but after you order, you are given a buzzer. I kind of liked this so that the line never got too long and you can find a table and sit down while you wait for the staff to have your meal ready to assemble.At first I thought the prices were a little much, but I think the quality and quantity of the food definitely justifies the cost!"}, {"review_id": "xIHg9_RhUKIKEgN40Srtfg", "user_id": "QCrXAGWb31lez1mHjoW3jw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "Great tasting food , just like home in Israel . I highly recommend it and plus ... the best pita you'll taste in the USA !!! Good job"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/mr-shawarma-norfolk?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]