[[{"review_id": "nWffymWHZZXcRiC7pE9v0A", "user_id": "FfRAjTHsVJ3qf9kYNhv1Jg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/1/2018", "text": "If you come to Seattle and you want to enjoy sushi, Japonessa Sushi Cocina is a must!!. We came here to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday. Among a list of places we chose this restaurant and we hit the target. Ambiance, decor, service, and food, all were unbeatable!!We were not even hungry, and ordered just Japonessa Poke as starter for both and it was delicious and generous for two. When we asked for a roll recommendation, the waitress recommended me Mr. Wonderful and my boyfriend ordered Japonessa House Roll, both were delectable! We are both sushi lovers, and we had tried excellent sushi before, but Japonessa Sushi Cocina made the difference in quality and deliciousness. Once again our waitress hit the bull's eye when we asked for dessert: Green Tea Tiramisu and Raspberry Chocolate Mousse, both scrumptious!!Fabulous customer service and definitely an experience to remember. YES, YES YES!! Japonessa Sushi Cocina at  1400 1st Ave Seattle, WA 98101 is a MUST in our next visit to Seattle!!"}, {"review_id": "SFBtTFrqp3sV0CWwnsQx-A", "user_id": "LpeP9xADF3ErvdKGB6F5oA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "This restaurant is outstanding!  I went to a business lunch there, and it was divine. Starting with the green tea - which was delicious - moving on the edamame and finishing with delicious rolls and sushi samplers, it was all wonderful. The service was excellent - quick and friendly. They were also very accommodating - we were a half hour late for our reservation due to a meeting running late. Highly recommended!"}, {"review_id": "hbgI80tcombPTkZn07rxAQ", "user_id": "hpn46mPwsLrAiWSkM__BTg", "rating": 1.0, "date": "4/23/2018", "text": "This is about the RUDE, ASIAN BLONDE HOST, Server, service, and food altogether. I'm from California and every time I visit Seattle, I make it a point to come here. We (a party of 9) came in to put our name down last Saturday at around 9:50pm to celebrate my sister getting married the next day. The host told us it'll be a 25 min wait. As soon as 25 minute passes by, the host comes and tells us that the table they had \"planned to put together\" for us are eating dessert and could get up at any moment. About 40 minutes in, they still haven't gotten up. Fast forward we ended up sitting down at 2 separate round tables. We were uncomfortable with this. And when we had sat down, I noticed the table where they were gonna seat us at was finally getting up. I ran to the host to ask if we can now take our seats there because there was no way we can celebrate properly by sitting apart. THIS is where things went wrong. Even though the table was open because the people just got up, the rude, Asian host with blonde hair/highlights told me \"no, unfortunately we can't seat you there\" and kept reasoning to me \"well that was the table we were gonna seat you but one person from your party said ok to the round tables.\" Um, who's the party of 9 named under by? Mine right? So did I ask to sit separately? I told her \"He probably only suggested the 2 tables because you specifically told us 25 minutes and it's been past that\". She tried to argue \"well that's why I came up to you and told you they were eating dessert\". Okay? That's you trying to assure us they'll get up soon when NO ONE KNOWS THAT. Dumbass. So that's you lying to my face. I say \"Yeah you told us they're eating dessert, but no one can say when they'll--\" She then interrupts me and says \"Are you going to let me finish? Can you not talk over me?!\" in front of other customers who were waiting to be seated. ARE YOU KIDDING ME? I've NEVER been approached by a host like that. I told her \"No! I'm not going to let you finish!\" I'm so shocked that Japonessa, currently a 4-star restaurant, employs people who talk to their customers with that kind of manner and tone. And she never came up to apologize or try to resolve the issue. She had so much attitude that I literally could not enjoy my food. TERRIBLE SERVICE.The first server we had (long haired guy with an accent + glasses) was arrogant and rude as well. We asked one simple question because we were confused and he was very aggressive towards it. Instead of helping us figure out the situation, hw said \"talk to the manager\" and sped away. He didn't have patience AT ALL. He wanted to rush as out and we literally just sat there. Food: Super Bad Boy Roll was mediocre. The fish did not taste fresh this time around. Agedashi tofu and calamari were good, the only two items I enjoyed. But I didn't come here for appetizers, you know? I think it was an assistant manager that switched our servers. But that was about it that they did. I'm disappointed. For everyone who asks me, I'll no longer recommend this restaurant."}, {"review_id": "4KzC6HOSHqJzUJt9SdfyBw", "user_id": "V-jiTqYCFl0Tdxg8cmx1NQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "I went here on a Tuesday evening around 7pm and it was already getting pretty busy. I was by myself, so I didn't have to wait since they had a free spot by the sushi bar, but I overheard that it was about a 20 minute wait so plan or reserve accordingly. As I settled in, I checked in and got my free edemame which came basically instantly. I'm guessing they just have them steaming at all times for people since Yelp has this promo. On to the food and drink, I ordered a sunset Manhattan and the $40 sushi Omakase. While I did also get a water, my drink took a really long time to come out and I was already eating my dinner by the time it came. The Omakase sushi was good, but nothing out of this world. There were some Latin flavors in a few of the pieces I got which was interesting, but I didn't care for it. I also think the pieces of fish should have been a little colder, I sat right at the sushi bar and got them instantly, but they were still only a little cooler than room temperature."}, {"review_id": "7VsOjllG0RwOaULZ472TZQ", "user_id": "ccvBBQRrGd_WDtYVSVoHiA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "Oh my God.Seriously, oh my God. Eating sushi by the sea was on my list of things to do in Seattle, so when it was an hour until we needed to leave for the airport and we somehow hadn't done that yet I hopped on Yelp. Japonessa was close to where we were and had wonderful reviews, so in we went!We weren't even hungry, so just ordered some half orders of standard sashimi staples. It really was about just tasting the difference in the fish more than actually sitting and having lunch, but we decided to start with a seaweed and octopus salad because those are two of my very favorite things. When it arrived, I was surprised to see baby octopi staring up at me instead of just some tentacles, which I will admit made me a little squeamish. After having one of these little critters though I was about to go into the ocean with a baby octopus net myself. Just absolutely phenomenal! I didn't expect to be blown away by my standard order appetizer, so I started wondering what we were in store for with our main sashimi course.We ordered salmon, yellowtail, and unagi, and it came looking beautiful. We each dipped in and it was one of those moments where you stop breathing and just stare at each other with extra wide eyes like \"what just happened?!\" Every single piece we ate was without a doubt the best sushi I have ever had. Yes, we are from the land-locked city of Denver, but we grew up in California and around ocean sushi. This was not just because it had a two block commute from the sea to or plates, this sushi really is special.We couldn't stop talking about it on the airplane, in the car, in our house, even now. If you go to Seattle do not leave without eating this. Make it your fancy dinner. We rush ordered a second helping and made ourselves (just a tad bit) late for our flight because it was so worth it. Fantastic ambiance, decor, service, and food. An absolute must go to in Seattle for all sushi lovers."}, {"review_id": "DPALClgO1IKsicUmPE8eOQ", "user_id": "vVxiqE5yxdemqsQoi3xN4w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/12/2018", "text": "Late night Sushi place that still serves food (in addition to a full bar) after 10pm?!?! You'd think this would be more common in a big city - but nope. One more reason Japonessa stands out! Good food, open late and convenient location downtown near Harbor Steps. Table favorites: Crunchy California Roll, Garlic Tuna Roll, Seattle Roll and the Avocado and the Crab Tower. And that's just to name a few! Excellent Happy Hour!!! The Happy Hour menu is fantastic! So many choices and a good deal.Great date night spot too - the restaurant and the food is beautiful! There is a full bar area up front and larger dining room in back. Lovely chandeliers add a touch of elegance to an otherwise modern and trendy space. The sushi rolls are plated so nicely- each look like works of art unto themselves. Every time I come the service has been great. We're seated quickly and the servers are friendly, attentive and professional. The dining room is great for longer more leisurely meals with good friends. But for a quick bite or a to-go order, the bar is where it's at. The bar serves the full menu too but it's a much faster paced part of the restaurant. Bonus points, twice now I've run in at 15-20 minutes until closing and they've let me grab a quick to-go order graciously and without fuss. They almost encourage it actually and explained that as long as the kitchen is still making food- they will still put in orders. In my often busy and hurried travelings around the city - I appreciate the extra effort and that's what keeps me coming back. That and the excellent food of course!"}, {"review_id": "wgxsA38Pdau3l8OT8edPBw", "user_id": "Lf9dEeuSAYIqLsz04xPEPw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/14/2018", "text": "I was really excited about coming here as my best friend loved this place and I saw lots of great reviews. However, I was really disappointed when I came here with my boy friend on a Thursday night. The whole experience was a 3 star at best, if not 2.5, the food was about 3 star. It was a busy Thursday night, as we didn't have reservation, we sat at the bar area. We were told that there was only one party ahead of us, but saw a couple of groups that were behind us got in front of and there were still open seats / tables when we were seated. After we were seated, the service was pretty slow, they probably were understaffed. We only ordered miso soup, Seattle roll, Samurai roll and omakase sashimi. We waited for quite about 35 - 40 minutes to get our food and someone next to us got their orders before we did. And when we got our food, it turned out that there was one order missing.... our waiter made it up by asking an express order and took it off from the bill, we appreciated the effort, but when the original order already came out late, it didn't the dining experience better. The food itself was not bad, but not what I was expecting based on all the positive reviews I saw. I was disappointed with the omakase sashimi. I lived in Japan for 6 years, when you see \"omakase\" in the menu, you expect something to be innovative, surprising and artistic. And there was none of these in the \"omakase sashmi\" I had, I get sashimi is sashimi, it's difficult to make it innovative, but I expect at least the dish comes in good presentation. What I had was really just a sashimi sampler, certainly not \"omakase\" by Japanese cuisine's standard. A much better place will be Sushi Kappo Tamura and Momiji."}, {"review_id": "aXmxdjstKlTR_K1S5lcUrw", "user_id": "AbMjnKOwg736fcIu8apuyQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/21/2018", "text": "Yes! Oh, God, Yes! Oh, yes! YESSSS!Say yessa to Japonessa!  This Japanese-inspired restaurant may not be authentic, but it sure had me saying yes to a feast of sashimi, drinks, appetizers, and rolls ... in that order. So, skip the rolls, savor the sashimi, and order another round of cocktails.Sashimi: * Sockeye Salmon Sashimi (5 stars) * Chutaro (Bluefin Tuna Belly) Sashimi (5 stars) * Hokkigai (Surf Clam) Sashimi (4 stars) * Hirame (Flatfish) Sashimi (4.5 stars) * Sake (Salmon) Sashimi (3.5 stars) * Madai (Red Snapper) Sashimi (3 stars) * Maguro (Tuna) Sashimi (4 stars) * Hamachi (Yellowtail) Sashimi (4.5 stars)Drinks:Jaillance Vin Mousseux Renaissance Brut Champagne (3 stars)Green Tea Whiskey Sour (4 stars)Appetizers: * Kabocha Squash Dumplings (4 stars) * Tempura Brie Cheese (3 stars) * Edamame with Sea Salt (3.5 stars)Rolls:Super Bad Boy Roll (3 stars)Cali Crunch Roll (2 stars)Spider Roll (3 stars)The sashimi, drinks, and service had me saying yes to Japonessa Restaurant like Meg Ryan causing others to say \"I'll have what he's having.\"Oh, God! Yes! oh! YEEESSS! Right there!!! Oh, YES! OH, YESSSSA Japonessa!!!"}, {"review_id": "OOvRmSOfCRdcBW47kNISWw", "user_id": "BFUuCHCs1DJxZwri5PTB4A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/10/2018", "text": "Sat at the bar, service was prompt.This place was packed even at 9 pm !First of all, do check in here on your YELP app, you'll get a free edamame !!I was a little full, so only got the matador roll (spicy yellowtail, cilantro, cream cheese, seared spiced filet mignon on top).I know, don't roll your eyes on the cream cheese ... it's Americanized, but the flavor is good. The filet mignon just ties it all in, and at least you are eating real meat !!For dessert, I got the tempura cheese cake. Cannot resist that (esp when I seldom see that in a Japanese restaurant). The cheesecake itself is ok. First bite was nice, cheesecake was warm and a little melty. But the cake itself isn't the best cheesecake, the tempura batter was better. Overall, sushi rolls are more pricey but still a good place to hang out and have a good time."}, {"review_id": "XE33hSqrI7YCb0IPgYBvcw", "user_id": "wFMJ5riyTmtupUnkZIM8vA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/23/2018", "text": "Awesome happy hour deals!!!! We came just for sushi rolls and tried three different rolls and got miso soup and edamame for about $15 per person! Lots of food, half off between me and my friend. My favorite was the spicy Seattle roll and the classic California. Excellent and speedy service!"}, {"review_id": "rFlqOwiT23Xvy0HuuaG4zA", "user_id": "Lissq0O6G9yaRM4cjoGx7w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/29/2018", "text": "Decided to try this place using a gift card through Open Table so I made a reservation for myself and my boyfriend. We ordered the tempura brie cheese, lobster soup, chefs choice sushi plate (12 piece) and the orange crush specialty roll. Everything was quite delicious. Our waiter recommended the mocha cake for dessert, which was great too. I got green tea sour from the happy hour menu which wasn't the best but I was ok with it. It took a bit of time for our waiter to take our orders, but then he was pretty timely with things after that. Would definitely recommend for a date night or special occasion!"}, {"review_id": "dg85sK3M0aXL4LCwL6J3hw", "user_id": "UBKQ1OJ5W1pJGGy9tZKFCA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "This place has a great Happy Hour. I tried five different plates and all of them were delicious. Also don't forget to check in on Yelp for a free Edamame bowl! Yum!"}, {"review_id": "_hlsnpwmoTQJQzyhktAf7A", "user_id": "oAvQhDtgcIIFBpqMCxFD2A", "rating": 2.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "After hearing rave reviews about this spot for over a year, I finally tried it, and was disappointed. I'm hoping the fish was the most fresh fish ever, for how much people like this place. The miso was delicious, and we enjoyed the free edamame for checking in on yelp (thanks!). We ordered the spare ribs and the popcorn chicken. The ribs were messy and did not come easily off the bone. The chicken was yummy! We then ordered several rolls off the happy hour menu which were all good, but not any more impressive than any other sushi restaurant I've ever been to... All that said, i would give them 3 stars for food. I dropped a star because though our waiter was perfectly pleasant with us, he was loudly incredibly rude to the couple next to us. This looks bad, and makes other diners uncomfortable, thus clouding our dining experience. The couple wanted to order off the HH menu, was seated well before 6:30 (when HH ends), but the waiter was slow to take their order, so when he did get to them, they asked to order off the HH menu and he rudely replied that they were too late. It was 6:34. The couple respectfully argued, and he shut it down. They ended up leaving, and I don't blame them."}, {"review_id": "Cgj3OUkOlEqAPW52Z23IqQ", "user_id": "yC7STNqSkfq15tPTzVHtlA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/10/2018", "text": "I have to admit, ever since I sat down with Shiro a couple of times, he pretty much ruined sashimi and nigiri anywhere else for me. I wanted to like Japonessa because I've heard so many positive things about them, and there are some items that we ordered which were really good.First off, I ordered the smallest omakase, with half sushi and half sashimi. To put it simply, it was just okay. The presentation was nice, but they just give it to you on a full plate, and didn't tell me what anything was until I asked. One of the sashimi pieces also still had a small bone that I had to remove after biting into it. Then, one of the sushi (nigiri) was basically falling apart because the slice of fish was ripping apart down the middle. Everything seemed like a regular Japanese restaurant where wasabi and soy sauce was on the side. I think this is why I said that experiences with Shiro are unlike any other. Considering I paid $40 for 6 pieces of nigiri and 8 pieces of sashimi, I was hoping this would be better done. Good thing we also ordered rolls. Now this is where Japonessa shines. During their happy hour, you can get some fat rolls for under $10. We got a spider roll, skin on skin, and the super bad boy. I'm not normally a roll guy, just because it's one of those things that every Japanese restaurant has and they're all kind of just a bunch of things all attached together which you'll never remember what's in it. But this saved the day, or night in our situation.The service was just okay. We sat at the sushi bar that was closest to the service station. When we stepped inside, the sushi bar was wide open. The hostess said she'll be right back to grab some menus, then when she came back, she talked to the next group that walked in instead of seating us at a wide open sushi bar? Then service became good, except the part where we can see the servers bickering by the service area. I'll probably go back just cause of the location. I would probably choose a sit down table or the bar section because there's no benefit in sitting at the sushi bar. Also stick with the rolls and the happy hour items. I think I would have been more impressed if I had the ramen and sushi rolls."}, {"review_id": "P1FS6tk_3bIKkwI5b21kAw", "user_id": "AaI1LBE2RRLY3rvFLkHnpQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "Tangy, heavenly good sushi. This is a must go sushi restaraunts in Seattle! Unique sushi made with a Latin flair, you will never be disappointed by which ever sushi you order. This is a fantastic destination for a romantic evening, friend reunion, or friendly catch up with loved ones. Expect fabulous customer service and an expierencie to remember."}, {"review_id": "l4zPsQHZjKZmZEAFNlz8tg", "user_id": "ssPm-WMEIqdjxlyDofVCgw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/20/2018", "text": "Meh.  To be fair, this place is decent if you like rolls and do not like nigiri.  This place will suck you in on the flashy and happy hour.  But if you truly like sushi... please try Sushi Kashiba or if you don't mind the drive than Wataru.Again, not a bad place if you like rolls and booze."}, {"review_id": "GYC6QhKc6qC_DFUCc2ZgJQ", "user_id": "pTgi-52MBNTy_LP7lYu96A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/26/2018", "text": "We love this place for happy hour but tonight dined here for dinner. We had a short 10 minute wait at 7pm on a Monday evening. We ordered edamame to start, followed by three sushi rolls. We like spicy so we ordered the tres diablos, last samurai, and the spicy red head. All were delicious!Our waiter and busser worked seamlessly to make sure our food arrived in a timely manner, our water was filled, and dishes were cleared as needed.  Service was great. I was here two weeks ago as well with co-workers for happy hour and birthday celebrations and Service was great then as well. This place does not disappoint."}, {"review_id": "Eg-42deoDmKEzwUnKKIfqQ", "user_id": "Y7Iet_ePqnhT8GYoAWJJtA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "I don't eat here often and I don't know why! Every time I go I have the best experience. Service, ambience, FOOD. It's happy hour all day long so you can eat like a king for around $20 - and you get to sample a few different things. The sushi rolls are enormous. My two favorite things are the Union roll and the agadashi tofu which I had today. The agadashi tofu is just a tiny bit crunchy on the outside and then creamy and hot in the middle. The broth is light and with the bonito soy almost takes on a beefy umami flavor. The Union roll.....oh what not to like. It's tempura shrimp, avocado, cucumber and a spicy tuna on top. And that spiciness is balanced with a just-barely-sweet soy glaze. Absolutely devine! Go! Go now you fool!"}, {"review_id": "eH4uQ_bZiXOgZt9uV605hQ", "user_id": "MurRkRS5aYaa1IfaRY20_Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/9/2018", "text": "Came here for a late dinner.  Luckily, their happy hour menu kicks back in after 10 pm.  Because at regular rates, this place would be overpriced. Per usual, I stayed away from anything that was fried or sauced. I got the sushi set B, the California Roll and the Seattle Roll.  You also get free edamame when you check-in with Yelp. The fish was fresh, the rice-fish-veggie ratios were on point, and the sushi checks know their way around a knife. The place is a bit too clubby but, ignoring that, this is a solid sushi place."}, {"review_id": "apq-va4fp1-hJoMQRS93rA", "user_id": "h9KB57xgLp3WpPZulrQ1jg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/29/2018", "text": "Finally, took me a while to write this long-deserved review. Our first night in Seattle, we decided on Japonessa for dinner, a Japanese fusion restaurant with lots of good reviews. We waited maybe around 30 minutes, which was not bad since we were walk-ins and it was crazy packed inside.My boyfriend ordered the Sashimi Omakase for himself and we shared a Super Bad Boy and a California Crunch. My favorite roll had to be the Super Bad Boy, which has similar components of a Dragon Roll, but with spicy crab on top! So delicious, the spicy crab really brings it all together with the added heat. The California Crunch is very similar to a deep-fried California roll, but with cream cheese in it, so it wasn't anything extraordinary. Since both our rolls were deep-fried, it was really filling. Regarding the Omakase, he enjoyed most of the sashimi on the plate (can't remember them all right now...), except the raw shrimp. Good option if you're a fan of sashimi, since you get to try a wide variety of different fishes.We also ordered a dessert sake flight, which came with 3 different flavors of sake (strawberry, mango, and yuzu). My favorite was the mango, since I've never tried a mango-flavored sake before and it was very fruity and tropical. Definitely worth trying, but you might be tempted to order more since it's really small! Anyways, we finished our meal with a Green Tea Tiramisu, which was absolutely icing on the cake! It wasn't overly sweet, but I don't think it had alcohol like a traditional tiramisu would. Anyways, I'm a fan of Japonessa and I can see why so many people have raving reviews of it on Yelp! :)"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/japonessa-seattle-4?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]