[[{"review_id": "SwsciH99E_LmdGR-tgWAoA", "user_id": "vOpusdp2JVx9-VRmcEdMIA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/24/2018", "text": "Fantastic omakase here in Seattle. You better make a reservation or come early because I came at 5:15 on a Saturday night and the line already wrapped around the building. And of course everyone tries to make their first grab at the sushi bar. I really wish I came on time for that because the sushi bar looked amazing. Everything about this meal is perfect. I say the only difficult part is making the reservation. I called multiple times and it took me forever to get someone on the line to make a reservation.  You can also do it online but it felt unstable for me so I rather call. But other than that, my all time favorite fish was the fatty tuna and uni. My boyfriend never eats uni and he says this is the only uni he can enjoy eating. Overall, an amazing time and experience. I would come back once I return back to Seattle."}, {"review_id": "5r3DdKqD7I2DuptXhjZ--w", "user_id": "9_YlLnfNUF4l0HjLEAb4yw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/1/2018", "text": "It's my third time here.   And I ordered the same menu as last time which is Omakase.  It has a total of 18 pieces of Nigari for $75.  Then follow with a soft shell crab roll and a fatty tuna roll. We made a reservation so that we don't have to wait.  For some reason. I feel this time the sushi was not as good as the last time I was here.   Waiter is very good in explaining what kind of seafood they are and where they are from.   For the parking, there are either street parking or public parking lot.   I ops to find a street parking spot a few blocks away (7 mins walk).  I did public parking around here before and had to pay a flat $25 or so rate."}, {"review_id": "LObKPARZMey28t5TO_rNlw", "user_id": "Ekp7bv1c2FjzR9nuH1uTFg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/27/2018", "text": "This was my third time here. For some reason this was the least impressive in term of the sushi quality/ price. I had the tasting menu $65. The sashimi and sushiWe're average. The cooked food was pretty good. I think it was better than the raw fish. I loved the tuna soup. It was mind and umami. The unagi tempura was very too. Good flavor and crisp."}, {"review_id": "tBtCt68H4g0k9iSJBXB6vw", "user_id": "sCshdCwCQlXh_NVcPeTObg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/22/2018", "text": "I was so excited to try Shiro's as my bf and I are fans of Omakase. We have dined at several locations in SF for omakase and wanted to add shiro to our list.I requested to sit at the bar at the time of confirming my reservation for 8pm on a Saturday night. The host had advise me to come in at 7pm to ensure a seat at the bar, in which I did. When we were seated, the chef immediately put food on our plate. The chef did not interact as much as we were use to. He simply just put each piece by piece on the plate and just mentioned what kind of fish it was. We had probably been through at least 15 pieces (I'm really not sure but it was alot) and I finally had questioned \"how many courses are left?\" as I was under the impression I was doing the premium omakase for $75pp. The chef said \"as many as you want.\" I was shocked and really full so I asked to stop. I didn't like how there was a lack of communication and we were paying per piece instead of the premium omakase set. We ended up paying $250ish plus tip which is normal for omakase in SF but it was just upsetting that it wasn't clear regarding what type of omakase we were doing. Thinking back at it, we weren't even asked or shown a menu.The fish was good overall but the lack of interaction and enthusiasm of the chefs and communication regarding dining option made this only an ok experience."}, {"review_id": "cP1pDEnvIssrvuhuSoXW3g", "user_id": "g4BLJXPRkM6aXsdFfi9hkQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/15/2018", "text": "I lived in Seattle for 4 years but I never got to try Shiro's. Just never had the chance, so I tried it when I went there for spring break. This restaurant has had amazing reviews since forever, so I was incredibly excited to finally try it. We did the chef's omakase at the bar and it was incredible. They asked if we had any personal preferences or allergies, and after that, the chefs just started making EDIBLE MAGIC. My favorites were the negi-toro and o-toro, followed by unagi and uni.If you are interested in doing the chef's omakase, you don't need to reserve in advance since they only do walk-ins. I got lucky because I didn't have to wait at all. It is pretty expensive. I paid a total of $165 including the sake, but it was a dining experience to remember!"}, {"review_id": "KHZceYYo7LczUTPYGyHCzQ", "user_id": "ZLnmZ9eQiobM-PQ76Y2Riw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/23/2018", "text": "Jiro Dreams of Sushi. I'm sure we all saw the documentary. I only came to Shiro's because I heard that Jiro's apprentice Chef Shiro Kashiba was here for quite some time. We were fully aware that Chef Kashiba had moved on to a new restaurant but we still thought it would be worth a visit. We didn't have a reservation but we only waited about 30 minutes before we were seated. After looking through the menu, we decided not to get the omakase since it didn't look as appetizing to us. RAINBOW (Tuna, Salmon, Albacore, Unagi over Real Crab Roll): This is my favorite roll to get at any sushi resturant and it was just average here. The ratio was off and the fish didn't taste as fresh which was shocking to me consider the caliber of Shiro's. A slight disappointment for sure. SPICY ALBACORE TUNA (Albacore Tuna with Spicy Sauce): We ordered this as a safe bet and it wasn't too good. The roll had way too much mayonnaise that it overwhelmed the flavor of the tuna. I wouldn't order this again even as a filler. REAL CRAB ROLL (Crab & Cucumber): This is my husband's favorite roll and it was really good here. The crab tasted very fresh and I really enjoyed how they were focused entirely on the taste of the crab and the cucumber acted as an accent. Tasty!We ordered a few nigiri also. The Salmon nigiri was some of the best I've ever had. Truly delicious and obviously fresh. Ebi (shrimp) was a little bit of a letdown. It did not taste fresh at all and it was a disappointment because it's actually one of my favorite nigiri to eat. The tamago on the other hand was sheer genius. I've never tasted tamago this fluffy and light in my life. It was truly remarkable. We ended our meal with some mochi ice cream. It was delicious and we enjoyed it. Overall, Shiro's was a little bit of a let down mainly because I expected a lot more from an apprentice of Jiro's. It's still worth a visit if you're in the area but the sushi didn't taste any better than any other high end sushi restaurant. 3/5"}, {"review_id": "xbzsv2QDoEm1KGCRNHU9nw", "user_id": "8cYHQp4IQwE3P5Z8mGweMQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/20/2018", "text": "Their Omakase is truly a mind blowing experience. Omakase is a chef table where they basically make you whatever they feel like. You just tell them to stop when you're full (if you can stop lol). We had to wait about 2 hours to get seated, but it's worth the wait!Some of my favorites from there are: Amaebi (sweet shrimp - harvested every 10 months), Otoro (fattiest part of fatty tuna), Chutoro (medium fat tuna), Marinated Hokkaido Scallop, Copper Sakai Salmon, Atlantic Salmon (only comes 2x per year), Uni (sea urchin) & Spanish Mackarel (imported from Japan).I was kinda nervous since they don't tell you the price of each cut but I couldn't stop! Every nigiri was truly a masterpiece; Even their tamago (Japanese egg dessert) apparently took 8 years to master! The total pre-tip bill turned out to be around $126, but considering that I ate about 24 pieces and almost everything's either rare cut or imported, it's definitely worth the price. It is honestly 1 of the best meal I've ever had in the U.S."}, {"review_id": "4iNZ1tBDoaggRr9pQi4A8Q", "user_id": "WoSd09jb5z7PBFwOJ0aQ4Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "We had made plans to try different Japanese restaurants in Seattle area for our recent visit. We always enjoy fresh seafood & new approach with a twist of the classic technics, our chef had made this visit quite rewarding. We decided to try out two different menu among 4 of us. Most of the dishes consisted of local catch & seasonal vegetable."}, {"review_id": "mEsUXkX7ywd69iEGoj3-Uw", "user_id": "OPN_h7OLorITRhn0CWQEkg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/28/2018", "text": "Love this place (times infinity!!!!!)!!!!! If I could give it more stars and a slow clap - it would be happening..ALL THE TIME!Chef Kashiba Shiro is a svante and the trailblazer for sushi in Seattle. And if you've ever seen, \"Jiro Dreams of Sushi\" - you'll be floored to know that Chef Shiro trained under Jiro....talk about hot!That said, Chef Shiro is now at his new restaurant Kashiba's...but fear not!Aaron is amazing, the fish is amazing, the service is amazing...when you're here - everything is amazing!I've been coming to Shiro's for over a decade now, and like any good habit - if it's been over a month since my last visit, I suffer withdrawals. Take the time to make the reservations for the sushi bar - it's worth every second!They source fish globally, and prepare it in a uniquely \"Shiro\" way, whether that marinating, curing, quick torch, or simply pairing it with the perfect seasoning and/or condiment. I don't know that I've ever done the wasabi/soy mashup that you do for chain sushi joints - but that's because you never want to miss the spectacular flavor pairings.This is not the place to come to if you want anything resembling a California, rainbow, avocado, tempura..roll. But if you want phenomenal omakase expertly prepared this is for you!! Go! Often!! This place is just amazing!!"}, {"review_id": "nsSSmkpdTkK-uoh71MR06Q", "user_id": "8fHzJVxYiWUgv4v5w6tW9g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/16/2018", "text": "This was my first stop in Seattle. Came on a Monday around 6:45 and there was no wait for a seat at the sushi bar. Me and the bf got the omakase; which is paid per piece. You just eat until you're full and let the sushi chef know when you want to slow down. I've never had omakase before, but omg wow. This was some of the best sushi I've ever had! Everything was so fresh and melted in my mouth. We both had around 26 pieces and the bill ended up being a little bit under $300 after tax and tip!Service was really great and attentive."}, {"review_id": "8a_6YZmsaqtw7J3ywhad0w", "user_id": "XqsuWJIwdy0OXYvUX1I2-Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/1/2018", "text": "HIGHLY RECOMMENDED: Chefs premium omasake (only way to go!), unagi, sea salt salmon, making dinner reservations in advanced One of the best omasake's I've had so far. It's really the only way to go. My boyfriend & I even added slightly more to our meal afterwards. The chefs choice helped us decide what to add on from what we liked best. Loved their soy sauce style recommendations. Everything melted in our mouths. Being in Shiro's felt authentic. Although it was crowded and not spacious, I know that made it more Japanese-like. The service was over the top. From their friendly side conversations, sushi knowledge, & offering to take photos of us with the chefs & outside. Will definitely be back to celebrate another special date night or occasion."}, {"review_id": "NZ4-w52l4hiihOoboGkBxw", "user_id": "6dDMgnkkZYSLxHag3KgGpw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/21/2018", "text": "Today marks my 6th visit to Shiro's. But my 4th this year. This is not a place I go to every week because one, fine sushis are expensive and two, parking can be a real hassle (anywhere in Downtown Seattle really). I would start by saying that this is my number one go-to sushi restaurant in Washington. Let me explain myself. After more than a year doing my sushi dream adventures (if you read my reviews those are: Kashiba, Kappo Tamura, Toyoda, Kisaku, Wataru, maybe Maneki), I am declaring Shiro's to be the very best. Sure, some people will call this a blasphemy to say that Shiro Kashiba's former restaurant is better than his newest one (Kashiba) but hey, to be fair, they're under the same ownership. Again, let me explain myself. Shiro's otoro (fattiest tuna) is one that is the most consistently world-class, or rather Japan-grade. Most of the time the otoro is mindblowing, subconsciously for the reason that it is extremely nutritious and belly-filling; and consciously for its melting texture of fatty-belly in your mouth. The ocha (green tea) is perfectly soft. Some people including me might prefer a thick-grassy-full matcha, but what they serve here is definitely a sweet spot. The akamutsu (blackthroat seaperch) is bomb. It's seasonal, but I've seen it for a while. Especially when chef Aaron makes it, the flavor of sweetness combined with saltiness makes it so delicious. I'd say that akamutsu would be an excellent alternative to otoro, and vice versa, in case the other runs out.They have some good anago (seawater eel). They have some excellent wild hamachi (wild yellowtail). The only other place I know to serve the wild variety is Toyoda, and even in Asia it's not a given to find the non-farmed variety in high-end sushi restaurants. Finally, the desserts are good enough. Obviously you don't come in to Shiro's for the desserts, and that's a good thing. The desserts are sweet and appetizing, flushing down all the raw fish from the nigiris. I honestly prefer the omakase here compared to the one in Sushi Kashiba. It just feels more humble and traditional. Especially the way they serve the soup from teapots, that's just a really intimate way to enjoy it. Sorry, I don't buy the hype of queuing for hours just to dine in front of the famous and renowned Shiro Kashiba (and not even knowing what day he will be there). Eating at Shiro's is more than enough for me.By the way; if you're not feeling sushis, I wanna say don't come and help people to get seated faster instead, but Shiro's does have decent kitchen-made ala cartes. The calamari is really nice, the black cod is good, and their tempuras are alright, among others. This, being a down-to-earth sushi restaurant in Belltown, is truly worthy of the name from the Shiro Kashiba himself. Although he doesn't perform his art here anymore, his legacy lives on in this little place he knows deep inside his heart, is where it all started."}, {"review_id": "h5FjJUzhx3cz1NL4srW98A", "user_id": "bWfU-XOaVHOsNAfLIJtA3w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "Shirts is a perfect and traditional sushi experience. You can order ala carte or by the roll. They even have a great omakase experience. The wait staff was knowledgeable and explained aevery dish seemlessly. If you want something authentic and fresh I highly recommend this place."}, {"review_id": "HKbaF0FReznKLqeUp3fBKw", "user_id": "vRRZbOGmmO2bi7IPLeurvA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/11/2017", "text": "It's been a little over a week since my omakase experience at Shiro's, and I'm crying. I NEED MOAR OMAKASE.I've never had omakase like this before. The past sushi places where I've had omakase, they bring out a full platter of nigiris and tell you where to start and end. Here, it is the real omakase experience where you can tap out whenever you like and not get charged for the pieces that are going while you're on your break. You can also jump back in whenever you see something that appeals to you. Let's talk about the goods. Fresh. ta. death. I wish I took a picture of our itemized order, because I forgot the names of almost everything I ate. Favorites between the two of us were the platter of 4 tunas (different parts of the tuna), the oyster (my personal favorite), the 2 types of salmon (salivating...), and the seasonal fish and mushroom soup served in a teapot (such a perfect thing to have on a cold day). Every piece was explained to us thoroughly by the chef, and it was nice to hear the \"history\" of the fish he was serving.Our chef was hilarious and fun, but there were times when he forgot to leave out the wasabi for my boyfriend (per his request at the beginning of the meal). They always ask for your preferences and allergies at the beginning, but it slipped our chief's mind more than half of the time. Nonetheless, we both still loved our meal, and it is truly deserving of 5 stars (or according to my boyfriend, 10 stars our of 5).Be sure to carve out AT LEAST 2 hours to have the omakase. Even if you're full, I would stick around to see what else is left just in case there is something that peaks your interest enough to jump back in for it. You also need to be prepared to drop some major moola."}, {"review_id": "5p_s9qIcIJL6IxgHNN0JsA", "user_id": "LqNB1-fJ1Vrd5oYIxmghYA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/17/2018", "text": "Easily the best sushi in Seattle and you will pay accordingly. That being said, if you're looking for Sushi Gen and your aren't in LA, and you're not because this is Seattle, this is your spot.Great selection, excellent fish condition, deft touch with cuts and portion sizes, good rice, excellent saucing when appropriate. I ate all and had no issue until the bill came. I've only had one sushi meal in my life more expensive than this. In Tokyo, in front of Kyubey. Both were worth it."}, {"review_id": "3cGg6XUA3lE1XXlzS7gfXw", "user_id": "0lSAA7-JtV2rJzFeUjoAYw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/7/2018", "text": "I did a bit of research prior to coming here and was fully aware that Shiro was no longer here, but still wanted to give this place a try. Mainly because we didn't have 3 hours to spare at Sushi Kashiba, but also because Shiro's still maintains very good reviews. Reviews suggest to make reservations for this place, but we couldn't get one, so we decided to chance it at the first Edomae sushi restaurant in Seattle!The host of the place was extremely kind; we came on a Saturday night and he said that wait time was about 35 minutes, but he could help us out. He used my name while addressing me, which was quite personable. I requested for a bar seat, but the wait time was 2+ hours. We were starving at this point and did not have the patience to wait any longer, so we opted for a regular table. After only about 10 minutes, he seated us, and presented us with hot towels to wipe down our hands. Service here is impeccable; I received a smile and/or greeting from every single staff member, even if they weren't the ones serving us.We ordered the premium sushi omakase and a soft shell crab cut roll. I've had better soft shell crab elsewhere, but the omakase, oh man, was easily the best set sushi I've ever had in my life so far. It came with 18 different sushi and a seasonal soup. I thought I heard our server say that it was tuna soup, but I found salmon inside. Nonetheless, the soup was delicious and I'm glad it wasn't a boring miso soup. The first round came with flounder, snapper and albacore. Second round was otoro, regular salmon with onion and wild salmon. It was my first time having wild salmon, and I expected it to taste more fishy, but it was just less fatty and just as good. The third was sweet shrimp, conch, and smoked mackerel. I was never a fan of mackerel because of its fishy taste, but this one was not fishy at all and so so good. Uni was delicious and so buttery. I normally don't like ikura because it's too salty, but Shiro's ikura was not salty at all! I found myself wanting more. The most memorable one was the tuna set. Omfg. The. Tuna. Was. Fucking. Amazing. I'm usually more of a salmon person, but I'm starting to love tuna more and more each time I have it. Every single piece was soooo fatty and melted in my mouth. I didn't want the night to end, but sadly it did after the unagi and tamagoyaki. I've never had tamagoyaki before, and didn't expect it to taste so sweet, but as I was eating it, I was reminded of how Daisuke, Jiro's apprentice, spent months trying to perfect it, and I really appreciated that as an end note.TL;DR: I 10/10 recommend giving their omakase if your wallet can afford it. Shit, pull out a loan if you need to. It'll be worth it."}, {"review_id": "cfTqGbw1avqdZv9md-tfuw", "user_id": "lhDhBFZCBjPkk-NjZCZS6Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/20/2017", "text": "If you are looking for an authentic and amazing sushi experience, you must come to Shiro's.  It will be a wait but recommend sitting at the sushi bar (no reservations) and doing the omakase. I have been here twice now and it's been about an hour wait, but for all my sushi lovers out there, it's worth the wait!!First experience was with a girlfriend who has recently moved to the Seattle area and the 2nd time was just a couple of weeks ago on a girls trip. Great service and if you are familiar with Omakase, the chef makes and gives you 1-3 pieces of sushi at a time.If you prefer rolls, this experience is not for you, but if you are looking for some of the freshest sushi, this is the spot to try.I best way to describe is every piece is fresh, butter, and will show you a new appreciation for sushi.  No need for soy sauce! And trust me they will call you out if you ask!Each experience has had different kinds of sushi and you eat until you have your fill.Be warned, you will have a sizeable bill if you can eat. For a group of four we spent about $158 each including sushi, drinks and dessert. We had so many great tasting pieces I don't think I can list them all here but I totally recommend you stop by for amazing sushi and experienceZ"}, {"review_id": "hFVvOYThv78B6RE54bwYKQ", "user_id": "LHkV0SN4B2vEkv4-_Zyy8A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/25/2018", "text": "we came here two nights in a row because our hotel was a block away.first night was a friday night.  we walked in at 1015 knowing that they closed at 1030.  we were seated right away.  our server let us know that it is last call, so we need to order everything now.  understandable since they were closing.  we didnt do the omakase, and only did a la carte.  we did get a roll as well.  we lived everything we ordered.  the toro was sOo good.  super melt in your mouth and buttery.  that was the star of our order.  i'm not going to break down everything we ordered because the other reviews already speak for this place.  so, even though they were closing we def did not feel rushed.  our server came out and told us what to use with what for each item we ordered.  he even brushed each nigiri with soy sauce or ponzu for us.  we were chit chatting and he let us know that they also own kuskabe, which has always been on my list in SF.  can't wait to try that place next.  second night, we ate on a saturday.  i had a gut feeling it would be more busy, and we were not going to be as lucky as to just walk in and make a seat.  i called and the person on the line said they are full and the only reservations left is 10 PM.  we took it as it will be our late night snack before flying back home.  Saturday was SUPER busy compared to Friday.  We didnt receive the same customer service as the prior night.  no chit chatting or no one brushing our nigiri with soy sauce or ponzu.  i def recommend coming here as one of your must eats in seattle!"}, {"review_id": "lgFC00qcE4SVsdXwwswamw", "user_id": "c40DTzCb-fHY6vI03PNRLw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/7/2018", "text": "Defin an experience here.. it is pricey so unless you have a ton of money, this is defin not a \"every day sushi\" place.. but it is worth it if you are not from Seattle or to come every once in awhile.. for a Wednesday night we were the first one waiting to get in and we arrived 10 minutes before it opened. We so suggest come early especially on a weekend if not make a reservation.. we recommend you come and sit at the sushi bar to get the full experience here.."}, {"review_id": "h6AjhZipTZ8r4pFpLyZFSA", "user_id": "pjWO_h3TdZiJkabaNn2P4g", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "The sushi was truly mediocre at best. We've had vastly better in Denver at Ginza and Sushi Den. We felt that the fish wasn't even the freshest. Also, very limited wine selection. Sometimes you don't want saki."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/shiros-seattle?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]