[[{"review_id": "lZM4dym0J-vXqjuZTbD2DA", "user_id": "lSVDObQ4Gg3HT1cAWgpy_g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "This place is SO good. The crust is crispy and perfectly toasted. If you're into thin crust pizza I can't recommend this place enough, I actually went here twice during my Seattle visit. I would definitely try to go for happy hour (M-F 3-5pm) or else a pizza will cost you anywhere from $17-19. - mushroom truffle cheese: must try! Super umami and original - house bacon with ricotta: loved the ricotta and onions but not as good as the mushroom truffle- sweet fennel sausage: good, but definitely has more of the traditional flavor profiles I've had before in a pizza. This was our least favorite"}, {"review_id": "8XQw9sqjOF-y0GW3iuMsIQ", "user_id": "i1WskKmeHpcuJw6JBWGtCg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "It is such a tiny place with such a huge line of fans waiting to be seated. It is a shame I did not even know about this place until just a while ago. I have gone back three times since because I have loved it at Serious Pie. All the tables are communal style because it is a small space. The hostess will seat you or let you know how long you have to wait before you are seated. Call me weird, but I do not like Pizza, so, it really takes a lot for me to actually like pizza. Their pizza is not thick crust. It is a thin, flat bread kinda crust which I absolutely love. They have both white and red based pizzas and the white ones are super delicious. Despite my lack of enthusiasm (or whatever you want to call it ) for pizza, this is the one place I would happily go to and happily order pizza. Service was not stellar, and our water glasses were never filled (at least on one of three times we were there), but the 20% gratuity is included in the bill."}, {"review_id": "NStHsxl9h5dRHQ5QHq-6OA", "user_id": "YTM_rDfo0R_rVE_Um1OVvg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/1/2018", "text": "Walking into this place you'd question whether if this really a pizza place...yes it is! A bit more upscale as you need to wait to be seated. Our server was the most sweetest and informative.They have coke floats here and for some reason it just tasted so good. It came out separate which was cool, I got to pour my own soda over the vanilla goodness.We got the fennel sausage. Which was really tastey. The dough seemed very airy and light, which made the pizza that much more enjoyable. Only con is that since the dough is thin and the ingrediants are heavy, in the end my pizza got soggy on my plate...still ate every last bite. Was worth trying..."}, {"review_id": "CQLXEaqQQ_o12ucUhrmrcw", "user_id": "juJS5_I5IGzMveRKNBwEVA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/17/2018", "text": "Serious Pie serves up some serious pies. We came for dinner and just managed to beat the rush. Life's all about timing right? The restaurant is pretty small and all of the tables are communal style although there is a hostess to seat you. All of the pizzas are made-to-order so don't be surprised if it takes a little while for your order to come out.For starters, we got the burrata and it was not what we expected. I thought the burrata would be this big heavenly ball of cheese but the way that they prepared it here, it was anything but. The mushrooms were marinated in this glaze which was citrus-y and tangy. I didn't think it went well with the dish at all. I was hoping for something a little more on the savory side.Luckily, the pizzas that we ordered made up for the lackluster burrata. We got the sweet fennel sausage and the soft eggs pizza. I loved the sweet fennel sausage pizza. If you're a meat lover and typically get meaty pizzas, you'll love this one. The doughy is chewy and the sausages were packed with flavor. The soft eggs pizza was good too but I thought it missing a crunch. In between the eggs and prosciutto, I thought the pizza could've use some roasted garlic or something. That would've taken it to a whole new level. I'm glad I finally got to try Serious Pie! I just wish the burrata was better.FYI, since this is a Tom Douglas restaurant, a 20% service charge is applied to all dine-in customers."}, {"review_id": "1KoTOavD8wnINdjNXKdrmQ", "user_id": "mRz772a5aMQqq8M2lXLmmw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/26/2018", "text": "Seattle seems to be home to two things: pizza and biscuits. While lurking on Yelp to find my next meal, these were always the first suggestions. In one case, Serious Pie's sister restaurant, Serious Pie and Biscuit, mashed up both.However, there were no biscuits to be had for our last meal in Seattle. My significant other and I were quite intrigued by the prevalence of pizza in the city, and decided to go to one of the locations downtown. As we waited for our table (it took us 20 minutes for 2 at 6:30 p.m. on a Sunday without reservations), we perused their simple menu. I'd argue that it isn't that pretentious of a pizza place despite the very fancy-sounding toppings and limited selection for starters. Ultimately, we settled on the sweet fennel sausage, peppers, and provolone pizza between the two of us.The flavors of the pizza were on point. Each of the crumbled sausage pieces was packed with delicious fennel, and I found the peppers to be an excellent compliment. The fennel was the stand-out flavor on the pie. However, the structure of the pie lacked consistency. One slice my significant other picked up had a burnt crust bubble that toppings fell through as he lifted it. Lots of cheese slid off on the slices, likely due to the thin crust and sauce.Serious Pie also offers an extensive drink menu (which apparently includes a growler of root beer if you're so inclined), which actually is three or four times the number of pizza offerings. There are also a few dessert options, it appears, but we were not offered a dessert menu.We paid roughly $23 for a pizza that would easily feed one and a half people. Like others have mentioned, your final bill includes a 20% gratuity that covers wages for the service. I commend this flat rate because it shows that the business cares about their employees making a fair wage. Sure, the service isn't stellar. But it's fast, friendly, and efficient, and they make an effort to inform you about this as you sit down to your dinner."}, {"review_id": "FQbtww1272YXl84HccJ1zA", "user_id": "eM1hA7uXpSv1l2CpZ92NMQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/23/2018", "text": "Came here on my trip to Seattle and absolutely loved it! I'm not usually a pizza person, but this place was delicious. My friend and I ordered the appetizer that had bacons and apples as well as the truffle mushroom pizza. I would skip the appetizer as it was not to my liking. It was an assortment of roasted apples with thick bacon pieces and cheese. The apples were sitting in the bacon juices making everything taste like bacon. Some people may love this, but I'm not a fan of bacon. The truffle mushroom pizza was to die for! My friend and I shared one pizza since we wanted a light meal, you could definitely finish a whole pizza yourself if you're looking for a bigger meal. The crust is thin and crispy so you won't be too filled with carbs. We added sausages to our pizza and we thought it was amazing with it. The truffle flavor was not too over whelming and just right. I didn't get that disgusting food coma feeling after eating here either, would recommend this place to anyone in the area or visiting !"}, {"review_id": "mlFUaBXYPDM4smsZW8jmPg", "user_id": "WwUAlc0edPmhV2scRwIang", "rating": 1.0, "date": "2/6/2018", "text": "Got the Roasted seasonal mushrooms, truffle cheese ($19) pizza. Pretty over priced tbh.The waitress who served me doesn't seem like she like her job very much or something. It's not like we walked in during the busy hour, we went in right when the open for business (11am), and she's already giving us a sense of attitude (reason why I didn't feel like she deserves 20% tip)WARNING: This place has a 20% service charge automatically applied to your bill (it's written on the menu and staff will tell you right when you are seated). For those people  who doesn't tip much more than 15%, this place isn't for you because you might feel like that wasn't fair. Customer Service is what changes the customer's perception and overall experience regarding of how the food tasted like. Honestly, the server who served us seriously needs to work on her attitude and professionalism at work. Shouldn't even ask for a tip for that kind of service!!!!!"}, {"review_id": "zH1wUiQQYxt6SzPSqwSqoQ", "user_id": "c8blHy79IqhpKSOa13TSXA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/17/2018", "text": "A fantastic pizza place serving classic Italian-style pizza, with fresh toppings and that fire oven kinda crust. Although I do love my pizza hut, it's nice to taste something more authentic once in a while.We went in the afternoon when it wasn't too busy, and they had some happy hour specials, including smaller versions of their usual pizzas. Since we just stopped by for a snack, we decided to grab two of them along with a salad. The salad was wonderful, really fresh and lots and lots of cheese on top. The dressing was tangy and the radishes were a nice touch. The arugula and ham one was pretty tasty, although the crust was a little bit burnt. The classic margarita pizza was everything I imagined, great crust and a good balance of ingredients. I guess I'm used too used pizza hut and domino's, because I felt like the pizza wasn't as satisfying as I would have liked. However, still great pizza with great service."}, {"review_id": "c9qiLmYDXNsxVCT8InTDkg", "user_id": "733giP28hWmbNmECFs29uQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/31/2018", "text": "Got some serious pie on my mind~Was recommended to this place from a friend, a definite must stop by on our short trip to Seattle. We ordered the mushroom and truffle cheese pizza with pepperoni for extra protein and split a salad. Service was quick, friendly and warm at 2 pm on a Sunday. Great restaurant. If we had more time, would have revisited this place again. Serious pie, you have my heart :)"}, {"review_id": "UvSZlLAKEKx95-vG5oJkpw", "user_id": "HB4f-eX5lppMMKNTM5kt6w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "When In Seattle this is the place to come for pizza like you've never eaten.  I've eaten pizza all over the world and this is right up there on the tip of myList.  We have the mushroom pizza and enjoyed every bite.  The service was very good and it was a pleasant experience eating there.   We actually went back the next night to try another pizza.  The mushroom was the best.   Highly recommended."}, {"review_id": "X6nWDb3AR_BvYBmySUyBwA", "user_id": "Ts349MFBYnc6Cw4BHQZz2A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/25/2018", "text": "A foodie spot must!! Fantastic pizza spot!Love the thinness and crispiness of the Pizza."}, {"review_id": "BeRB1lAPIEe6Vev-6_gQcg", "user_id": "OZyH4hRfUDfkJi_dViAhYA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/8/2018", "text": "Wonderful atmosphere. Not recommend to those who just want to grab a fast meal, more like a dine in area. I ordered their kale salad and their mozzarella pizza (I forgot what the name is) and it is fantastic. Nightly recommended. The salad is very light with fresh grounded cheese. Their pizzas are freshly made with very thin crust. Totally will go back again."}, {"review_id": "-E28dNXcKq3nnKMhCVy-cA", "user_id": "Qk3jMHizziXjj7jfwVO1Sw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/6/2018", "text": "Yum, the pizzas here were so good! I was pleasantly surprised at how delicious all the pizzas we tasted were. I thought they' would be bland tasting based on the pictures (they did not look like the typical greasy hearty pizzas that I adore) but they were all pleasant. I think the regular prices are overpriced, but come here for the happy hour deals. All pizzas are half off! That 50% off deal brings down the prices to what they should be. Quite frankly, one pizza is only enough to feed one hungry person, so about $8 to $10 per pizza during HH sounds reasonable. They look big but they are really thin crust pizzas. Among us 4, we killed 6 pizzas. We were only contently full, although we would have liked to eat more. We tried 4 different kinds: sweet fennel sausage/roasted peppers, the mushroom truffle cheese one, the soft egg with prosciutto, and I forgot what else. I really enjoyed the truffle cheese, such great flavors. The soft egg one was everybody's favorite, but I'm not a fan of egg on my pizza. The sausage with roasted peppers is the traditional pizza similar to combo; although not as hearty, it was delightfully pleasant. The toppings consisted of high quality vegetables and great quality meat. The restaurant is modern with a hint of upscale. We sat at the high tables near the bar. There appeared to be a second story for additional seating. Service was great; we had no problems getting our order and our foods in a timely fashion."}, {"review_id": "vTLzz21J6xamhBTsI5i3jg", "user_id": "nT9hrb0nJ0CIox17zsyd9w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/25/2018", "text": "As the name says, they serve up a pretty serious pie. They follow a Napoleon style recipe of 3-4 items per pizza and a thin crust. The crust itself is easy to eat, not too chewy, not too tough, just right. The toppings are rich, and work together very well. I got the salami with charred leaks and creamy rich cheese on it with tomato sauce and I easily could eat a whole myself if I had wanted to. Having just come back from NYC and eating their style of triangle Napoleon style, I think Serious Pie is in the same ball park if not a smidge better."}, {"review_id": "qBCeoBP_NwrRieu094c1-w", "user_id": "zsF1HD0f8mG6WmD2T6YGnQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/5/2018", "text": "Some of the best pizza I've ever had IN MY LIFEEE. I loved the truffle sausage pizza the MOST and right after that is the sun dried tomato basil. Excellent crust consistency, 100% melted cheese, high quality meat. Yup, no left overs here. The lamb sausage one was actually my least favorite (but I'm not a lamb lover to begin with).Don't forget to add some of their awesome housemade hot sauces to add an extra kick! If you're a pizza lover like me, this is a MUST on your Seattle trip!"}, {"review_id": "EeIuoZyU9pqAcbBdFGqexA", "user_id": "2NOwxpdn0ONsYH9tsQRKJQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "This restaurant is fantastic I got the soft eggs* smoked prosciutto, pecorino sardo, arugula pizza. The crust was perfect and the ingredients was superb and fresh this is my new favorite pizza and I also got the triple coconut cream pie, tossed coconut, white chocolate curls. Which was incredible I would highly suggest getting one of those. The restaurant looks pretty cool inside they have a wood fire pizza oven that they cook your pizza in and you can see it wen you come in through the front doors. Bottom Line I recommend this place."}, {"review_id": "uVPto1Ns3BZNWmp42k_5Gg", "user_id": "xQrgWxbE6NKxFGTr9b7ekg", "rating": 2.0, "date": "12/27/2017", "text": "The pie was interesting, but not great. This place gets pretty packed, we came around 4:40pm for dinner, and already had to wait around half an hour. Arriving closer to prime dinner time will see wait times of over an hour for most parties.The offerings for pizza toppings are interesting, we ordered their truffle cheese, mushroom and egg, prosciutto, vegetable pizzas. Their pizzas come out as oval shaped, and are thin style pizzas, fit for a larger meal for a single person. The pizza themselves are mostly crust, and not a very good crust. The crust was dry and a third burnt black. This can be okay for some, as not everyone eats crust, but with the crust as probably 1/4-1/3 of the entire pizza in this case, it just significantly reduced the overall edible area of pizza. There were several slices where the the crust was actually 2/3 of the entire slice. Truffle Cheese & Mushroom: the cheese was actually good, but a bit too strong. The mushrooms combined gave this a novel taste, but the cheese was also not evenly distributed over the pizza. Prosciutto, Arugula, & Soft Egg: I liked the parts with the egg, but it was spread over less than half the slices of pizza. The prosciutto was good, and the arugula okay. Overall, I do like the interesting choice of toppings, but everything combined, I won't be coming back again. The crust just wasn't good, the pies pretty pricey ($16+) and wait too long for just whatever pizza."}, {"review_id": "ewFAwotlpQbn21OHzIQuRw", "user_id": "5Kg-IFdg9a9fUuqOs9HNOQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/17/2018", "text": "Stopped in for a light bite during happy hour and was so glad we did!!Great mini pizzas and paired it with the house made soda, pizzas were so good! will be going back for the more soon, the atmosphere was nice and cozy and the service was friendly Had the mushroom and mozzarella and each was yummy can't wait to try more, if you haven't stopped by you guys have to try it you won't regret it"}, {"review_id": "vHIoC5JryYFfNg-noBsdfg", "user_id": "CiQk5MWr2uF5KtkUUgMj9A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/9/2018", "text": "Excellent pizza but I may have enjoyed the starters and desserts even more? Nah. I normally don't go for untraditional pizzas but other than the egg pizza everything we ordered awesome.  They are light on the sauce but so much flavor in all the ingredients and the crust was cooked perfectly."}, {"review_id": "b6UrkelL1VBSU4T-0cw-PA", "user_id": "6AtlFGbu3Ul2aCxCV4eNMQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/10/2018", "text": "Overall: Olive oil based sauce? Must try if you're in Seattle!Ambience: Nice restaurant with plenty of communal seating. The crowd here is more family type or college friends. This is not a date night place! There is seating for two in corner but that's about it. It is tailored to larger crowds.Food: Best part of their pizza - the crust! I am never one to eat crusts but here they do a good job in making them crispy and edible. The pizza is also cooked in a 600 degree stone encased apple wood burning oven! They also use local produce so you get authentic flavor. We tried the roasted seasonal mushroom pizza which was their most recommended option, and it is as good as they say. I think it's the truffle cheese that gives it the edge.Drinks: We had an IPA and pilsner. The beer selection is pretty good here, with a lot of local offerings. Service: The service is sub-par. They automatically add a 20% service charge. Here is a better idea, increase the price tags on your menu by 20% and tell patrons no need to tip. It's same as tacking the 20% after no matter how the service was!Price: Decently priced for the food, but service was meh and didn't meet the 20% standard."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/serious-pie-seattle?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]