[[{"review_id": "X_KroAcQJfyX9OaO9Qk3Kg", "user_id": "RmmXJpHgIA0l46VIwwViSA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "Food: Skillfully crafted, high-quality ingredients & flavors. Steak was cooked perfectly, and was accompanied by baby potatoes, all sitting in a wonderful red pepper sauce that almost stole the show. I also recommend the table-side Caesar salad and the Blackberry Cobbler for dessert. Impressive wine list.Service: Top notch. VERY attentive, but not intrusive.Price: Expensive. Entrees are going to cost about $40 each. With appetizer, dessert, or wine and it can really add up. Atmosphere: Formal, classy interior. Nice view of the river & city. Fairly quiet with tasteful music playing.This is high quality, which you certainly pay for. I can't think of a better place to spend a special evening in Charleston."}, {"review_id": "67KqurLtaSXpXU9oOu95eA", "user_id": "1GXE_FmyzGzUtJrLeSjqdw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/8/2018", "text": "So what was supposed to be a 1 night trip ended up being 2 nights with the opportunity to also check this place out. The location was easy to find.  Parking lot is in front of the building next to railroad tracks on the other side of the bridge from downtown.  Not lit up very well and not sure how safe the area is but I felt fine with my husband.    It was a wednesday night, we did not make reservations and were able to walk in and be seated right away.  The place is magnificent inside, Very formal decor. I adore the second level area that overlooks the restaurant.   Greeted by beverage servers, filled our waters, tried to take drink order but we wanted a minute to peruse their offerings.  Our server Darlana introduced herself in a timely manner, no specials offered.  She didn't seem very welcoming, kind of cold at first - actually it took most our meal for her to warm up.  we put our drink orders in 2 old fashions as well as their portobello mushroom ravioli appetizer.  I believe Darlana made our cocktails and they were scrumptious!  When our mushrooms came out, we put in our dinner order.  By the end I think Darlana warmed up to us and it was nice to see her personality finally come out.    Unfortunately at this time, a single gentleman was seated less than 2ft from behind me joining us in the corner.  In the long run this was not a good move considering we were the last 2 customers that walked in, why did we have to be seated in the same section together?  Fail on the hostess part or managers - whomever made that call.  This gentleman was very very rude - atleast towards other patrons in the restaurant.  Throughout our meal he made several calls and what I mean by several, he called multiple people to tell them where he was, discuss work or someone - Basically if he wasn't talking to a server or they weren't talking to him, he was on the phone talking to someone.  The servers were very chatty with him as well so there was constant conversation behind us the entirety of our meal. TOTALLY KILLED THE VIBE FOR US.  A romantic dinner in a 5 star restaurant gone.  Back to the food. The portobello mushroom appetizer was amazing!!  The sauce was so creamy, each bite melted in my mouth.  Totally recommend this for those who like mushrooms.  As for the entree - we decided to split our dinner as we were traveling and had no needs for leftovers.  We shared the French onion soup.  It was very amazing! I don't want to forget to mention their rolls at this point.  I am a bread/butter person and they are baked per order.  Delicious!  Warm! Fresh!   Next we ordered the table side Caesar.   Unfortunately where they seated us and the other gentleman, our server said she could not pull the cart up to our table as described in the menu so she was across the way preparing our salad.  Well that took the whole point away of table side and the feeling of 5 star.  Why offer something you cannot deliver.  With that being said, Darlana did a great job preparing and made do with the work space provided, we understand its not her fault Laury's mislead people on their menu as far as service style available. The salads were plentiful and fresh.  I told my husband I could be finished at this point but we still had our final entree about to make its debut at our table any minute.  For our final entree we decided to share the Steak Au Poivre and side of macaroni.  My husband loves peppercorn steak, Im not such a big fan of peppercorn and usually just cut the outside off, plus I knew my husband would be eating most of it so I went with the flow.  Let me tell you, even though we split this piece of meat, our plates both arrived with a nice portion on each.  The peppercorn was more like grounded than the actual whole pieces of peppercorn.  The Steak Au Poivre is an amazing steak - very flavorful, juicy, easy to chew - I couldn't stop even though I said I was done after the soup lol.  What I couldn't finish my husband was happy to devour for me.  The macaroni was blah. Would not recommend.  I was actually very disappointed in its display and taste.  Rather than creamy and cheesy, it was oily and seemed over-baked or twice baked to make it the consistency it was served at - definitely a kitchen issue that needs addressed.  I do not recommend the macaroni.    Dessert!  I said no way but my husband insisted.  They do offer a table side Banana Foster which sounded really good but with the experience of table side and knowing it really was not, we decided to go with the pretzel encrusted caramel brownie alamode.  It covers every single tastebud possible.  Not too rich - PERFECT!    We were seated next to a window.  views of downtown Charleston and Kanawha River - it was dark, not pretty and my husbands view was the side of a bridge.  No lights or glamour from the downtown side. Nothing to brag about.  I did not get many pics but I didnt feel bad sneaking 2 in of the wall I stared at most the night behind my hubby and side view."}, {"review_id": "YAlGEwh9ZRaMnhYByan0vw", "user_id": "tlc8p_AVT5cyAbPkh15CNw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/30/2017", "text": "As per the usual, my fellow Yelpers steered me in the right direction again! Tonight I celebrated wrapping up a big engagement with a lovely client in WV.  Although I was a party of 1, I still was given a great table next to the river and a spectacular view. Dinner was the 6oz filet with mashed potatoes.... de-lish!   And, because I was celebrating, I treated myself to the table-side preparation of bananas fosters... and let me tell you, it did  it disappoint!! Bruce was my server, and he was excellent. I will certainly be back!"}, {"review_id": "5L48ND2i-jEqkix7MNOQ7A", "user_id": "dEHROxuXcXWqfo4RyI_iGQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/22/2017", "text": "ONE OF A KIND!After reading fellow Yelper and fellow foodie, Ashlee T's review, this became a top of the bucket list requirement for me. The train depot setting is surreal.  I swear there was a moment or two when I felt I was in a Fellini film.  The ambiance works.  The interior is unexpectedly drop dead gorgeous.  No plastic forks or styrofoam cups to be seen.  The Govenor's wife probably dines here often with classmates of yesteryear.  You won't find a better meal in all of West Virginia.  The beef is legendary.  No point in my waisting words about how you can, \"cut it with the back of your butter knife\".  The escargot had to have been raised in a rose garden by some French Sisters of Mercy.  They must've given up their tender little souls so graciously in death, (the escargot, not the Sisters).  They were then bathed in fragrant, hot butter, beautifully plated, and beautifully served.  Amazing!  And the Dessert?  Don't leave without sampling it.  You don't know but what you might get run over by a car on your way home and never have another chance to try it.  Order it even if you have to leave share it with the next table or leave some on the plate.  I'm convinced the wait-service or kitchen staff will find some use for it.  Regarding the Wait-service.  I arrived in a vicious mood.  I've waited for years in my travels for restaurant repairs, and the stars to align to enjoy a meal at this long celebrated restaurant.  The day finally arrived but twenty minutes before the appointed time one of my client/guests cancelled.  Knowing how hard it can be to get a rez two of us went anyway.  I've often said it is the Wait-service that makes or breaks it for me.  On this occasion it was Ms. Betty who proved me right and saved this wonderful restaurant's reputation. I arrived as an angry, bitter old traveler with a chip on his shoulder.   I was unhappy and in the foulest of moods after a very tough day in my toughest market.   Some people have that special gift for reading people and turning lemons into lemonade.  My waitress, Ms. Betty missed her calling.  She could have made a fortune selling aircraft or heavy equipment and likely owned this restaurant by now. Safe travels and tip generously,  NO, I DO NOT WORK FOR THESE GUYS.  THEY ARE REALLY THIS GOOD. - Ranzo -"}, {"review_id": "qFeGyE8BFeKltKa5YD756A", "user_id": "343CHQ6I6G5ZNH12B864og", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/24/2017", "text": "Wow!!! Elegant but informal! Blue cheese salad is a must, macaroni to die for, steak Excellent!  And Drake our server was so pleasant, kind and accommodating.  This is a historical site off the Amtrak station so the locomotive is sitting right next to you as you pull up, but you don't even hear it.  Really neat historical place with view of river and bridge, close to downtown Charleston!"}, {"review_id": "h41_vTGrZ4sgosxG4HVeaA", "user_id": "vmm5xXDF3j_g_UjElYBv8g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/24/2018", "text": "Atmosphere is cute and feels like a step back in time. The staff is amazing. It seems like they would do backflips if it made your dinner more pleasant. I got the duck and substituted a side without issue. Duck was juicy and perfectly spiced. Four stars as I would like to see more on the menu; it seems like they are serving a niche."}, {"review_id": "2_NxMlpqLn8BBrFZZNhcqw", "user_id": "OImDoadx1-6SJ1mRXoXUug", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/22/2017", "text": "The decor is restful and delightful.  The service top notch.  Menu is varied and first class, while all the dishes we tried were superb.  This restaurant is the best in Charleston, for our taste.Lee and Cachi"}, {"review_id": "KwfiBvumQsqrE4CAhx5OAA", "user_id": "ULl71em0La42vh2CXNfdLQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/3/2017", "text": "Excellent food. Highly recommend eating here if you are in the area. The service was good also. Oscar style filet was perfect."}, {"review_id": "OozoxDlG4uL-cS--TfJLLQ", "user_id": "UW6-TaY_21DLYkDyHXlGFg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/1/2016", "text": "My husband and I just moved to Charleston about 2 months ago. So I came across this place on yelp while searching for a place to have his birthday dinner. It was a bit pricey from the looks of the online menu so we knew it was somewhat fancy, the pictures looked nice, and it had great reviews so we decided to give it a try. Everything was AMAZING. We started with a Moscow mule, I had the spinach salad and he had the lobster bisque (one of the better ones I've ever tasted!) He had the filet mignon for dinner with mashed potatoes and I had the Salmon and shrimp. Instead of the normal side that came with it, I tried a corn fritter instead. It was scrumptious. My husband even got a free dessert for his birthday with a candle! I thought that was a very nice touch for a fancy restaurant. I think the menu is priced comparable to most restaurants which was lower than I expected. Only the entrees are a little pricey but worth every penny!  The decor inside it very pretty. You're sectioned off with big windows surrounding you so you have a great view of the city. Gary was great to us. All of the servers we overheard seemed very helpful and super friendly. If you're looking for a place for a special occasion or just a romantic night out, I highly recommend this place! We will be back, soon!"}, {"review_id": "5EvYdTSno0qEOOh0frLOCQ", "user_id": "kKEwWHrpj4OlWdi6GvjBCw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/15/2017", "text": "My boyfriend and I read reviews for this restaurant and the history of the building before visiting. I can't say enough about the service, the food or the atmosphere and ambience of this restaurant. Everyone was friendly and it was as if we had our own personal waitress because she was so attentive. We will definitely go back even if it is a 2.5 hour drive for us! I consider myself a foodie and would definitely rate this entire experience a 10 out of 10!"}, {"review_id": "q4QDVY1-jghm32LnV1jhWg", "user_id": "k4eNtHWKD23zhG5E75kGjA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "10/30/2017", "text": "Let me state up front - the four stars has nothing to do with the food (which was superb), but the service (which was good, but not Fine Dining good).This place is way, WAY above my usual budget, but my parents recently celebrated their 50th (seriously!) anniversary and asked me to go to dinner with them.  So they went whole hog and selected Laury's.  We were probably the only people in the dining room who would've used the expression 'whole hog' too.Dinner started out with rolls, which were quite possibly the best dinner rolls I ever had.  Oysters Rockefeller for an appetizer did not disappoint. Nor did the salads, nor did my bowl of shrimp & lobster bisque.  And then the main courses...To be quite frank, my folks used to make it a point to save up and go out to a fine restaurant once a year.  That ended after being burned a few times consecutively by restaurants with excellent appetizers and bad main courses.  Laury's was not like that. The entrees were worth every cent and then some.  Our respective entrees were the Steak au Poivre, the roasted half duck, and the seafood pasta a la Diabla (mine). The seafood pasta came with two gigantic scallops, two gigantic shrimp, a generous portion of crab meat, four asparagus spears and an indeterminate but perfectly measured amount of sliced mushrooms.  They did an absolutely perfect job of making sure no one flavor overwhelmed any other flavor, each respective piece of seafood was cooked perfectly, and the hot pepper cream sauce on the pasta was just a gentle bit of heat that didn't disturb the taste buds and overwhelm the delicate seafood flavors.Desserts were great as well.  I had the Grand Mariner souffle, the folks both had the chocolate cake.  The chocolate cake was overwhelmingly chocolatey, dark bittersweet chocolate.So on to the service, which I already mentioned was the reason for the four stars.Waitress brought the wine menu to start before anything else.  Forgot the butter for our rolls, and then brought us butter that was so cold it splintered when you cut it.  A comment about how quickly we ate the oysters that sounded more mocking than friendly (there were four oysters and three of us, of course they went fast).  i ordered the fried goat cheese salad in addition to the bowl of soup and never got it - apparently she forgot about it between answering me when I ordered it and returning to the kitchen.  Then, at the end - well, the Laury's website says if you're having an anniversary, your dessertS are free (excluding the souffles).  They were on the bill, and when my Dad (who was paying) spoke up, she took one dessert off.  Nine dollars on a 200+ bill isn't worth arguing over and we didn't, but the anniversary was mentioned when we made the reservations, so she either wasn't told or didn't care. Now I'm aware that the above makes it sound either like it was the worst service ever, or I'm a customer of the most nitpicky, obnoxious type, and neither is true.  She was cordial, she handled the food and wine expertly, she didn't do or say anything outright rude.  I'm just saying when you leave three different people with a vague feeling that you were looking down on them, there's probably a reason for that."}, {"review_id": "lQ-MZPU7tSEe4vhd50a0CQ", "user_id": "Q-ydVqhJxvVNQa5l-bpXrw", "rating": 1.0, "date": "11/28/2017", "text": "In town on a business trip. After traveling all day, called to place a to go order for myself and a fellow employee. The person who answered informed me they didn't do to go orders. Since we had already driven very close to the restaurant, I asked if we could come in for a drink at the bar, wait for the order to be cooked and then wrap it up (as I'm sure they would accommodate for anyone who had leftovers). The person I was speaking to hung up on me. They must have not gotten the memo that customer service is everything in today's economy. Should have gone back to Lola's pizza instead."}, {"review_id": "weZYFnYVmgepAPnSgnY9KA", "user_id": "0JUoIRNa3H_LCznVv_t7YA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/19/2017", "text": "Very consistent quality of food . Friendly & knowledgable wait staff . This restaurant is in par with steak houses in cities like New York , Chicago & Washington DC"}, {"review_id": "6tG1_oPHB6VVnq49Tr7f1Q", "user_id": "23XoYx4wTWmh2tumNDobjA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/15/2016", "text": "For our experience - it was perfect. 5/5. Probably the best food I've ever had! Even the shrimp appetizer was done perfectly. The service was great (our server, Holly - very impressive) and the atmosphere was perfect. It was my wife's birthday so I wanted a really nice place to dine with a casual romantic feel and this was perfect. My wife had the salmon - loved it! I had the duck - loved it! Best I've had yet. And for dessert, the cobbler - awesome! Super friendly staff AND we got to sit next to Landau Murphy Jr. (Americas got taken winner - 2011) Extra plus. It was an expensive dinner, but worth every penny. Way better than our usual chick-fil-A. lol I wouldn't take young children. 1. It would cost more lol 2. I think they'd get bored quick. Not the best environment for kids but that my opinion. If your looking for a great romantic dinner with your spouse or business meeting, or just a nice place to go to break the monotony of \"pizza\" this place is terrific. Excellent wine selection too. Worth another trip. Thank you! -Nate"}, {"review_id": "I6nTl8u1wtMqJiOXTvdNjA", "user_id": "e5lXQ1DbshaYsSGpqagY_w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/24/2016", "text": "Perfect birthday dinner for my husband. Wait staff was friendly and very attentive. Portions are just right. Prices are a bit on the high side but it is fine dining. Extensive wine list and dessert menu. Would say I would come back but I don't live in West Virginia."}, {"review_id": "s-N_8aE3hCxw8dswV30oLg", "user_id": "xlPSU2JLnTxsCrLnqK5zxA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/26/2016", "text": "My significant otter and I met a friend for dinner here last night. Our friend - we'll call her Pam, 'cause that's her name - had the Saffron Scallops Par Fazi appetizer and she said it was amazing. The otter enjoyed the Maine Lobster And Shrimp Bisque which was loaded with seafood. I drank wine. Pam and the otter then partook in the Caesar Salad, which is made table side. I drank more wine. For our entrees, the otter got the Veal Schnitzel, Pam enjoyed the Glazed Salmon And Shrimp, and I feasted on the Bone-In Ribeye. We all agreed our meals were excellent. Service was top-notch . Prices are a little pricey, but for the food, ambience and service it's worth it."}, {"review_id": "-JlvAF1PjUVahaCfulOUAg", "user_id": "QLh_1AIu89cWZprf1KLoGQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/17/2013", "text": "First, let me comment on the location and decor.This is fully rehabbed train station with restaurant added. Charleston is not a very pretty city since it is industrial in all aspects, from chemical to coal. With Laury's Charleston now has two standouts when it comes to buildings and decor. Number 1 is the Capitol Building IMO one of the best state locations in the nation. Now, Number 2 is Laury's.Service: This is five star all the way. The staff is excellent, frankly some of the best I have encountered during my travels. They go the full extra mile to make sure you are well taken care of.Apps: Another five star again due to the service. Our wait staff took all the appetizers and not only brought them out as order but took the time and broke each one down as a individual served plate to each person. I have NEVER encountered this and quite frankly it was a hit. How classy is that? Pure.Meal: Since I do not eat red meat or pork by choice I chose the fish, the Sea Bass aka Dog Fish. My dish was delivered at temperature and cooked very well. Impressed. A side of rice and spinach base completed the meal. The rest of the table all steaks. All were delivered as ordered with complements positive.Dessert: I do not eat desserts either (darn heart!) but the other members at the table went full cheesecake. Looked good. (pout)Wine: Yes, the wine snob had to get into this. Chose the Frog Cab, decanted and served. Their wine list is very good and even as an upscale restaurant (markup) was in the realm of reality. You can go basic red to Stags, Silver Oak, and the Nickle. The Frog is a good choice for a Cab. They had a Malbec selection too, but since we are now into mostly 2011 vintage at many restaurants I steer clear. 2011 is not a good Malbec year.Charleston has a gem here! Great place for a romantic dinner with your spouse or a quiet place for a business meeting dinner. Hits on all cylinders.Refer? Yes.Check it out for yourself!laurysrestaurant.com/gal…"}, {"review_id": "30T0ifYpocwvsQfs2U5GcA", "user_id": "MQBbIihj7dQC-_qclTORQw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/28/2015", "text": "Unfortunately closed until January, 2016 due to water damage.   Location is quaint and hopefully the remodeling will be fantastic."}, {"review_id": "ouEoH0x88Bu97BZwGWtjmg", "user_id": "3C_YjZ8SR68WJw8Gb-oacQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/7/2015", "text": "Had a wonderful experience. Elegance in Charleston WV. Historic train station building. Still operating Amtrack hub. Beautiful interior.Great food. Good wine list. Expensive but romantic."}, {"review_id": "RJLNobTRyf7VTPWvL2O1Bw", "user_id": "bgwRMaYN2ckZprVA0mWL8g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/26/2016", "text": "Husband and I went here for a nice dinner.  I had a chicken dish.  Was tasty and the Mac and cheese type side was delicious.  Soft shell crab was also very good.  Interior was very pretty and husband said they had a good selection of bourbons as we checked out the little bar area on our way out."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/laurys-restaurant-charleston?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]