[[{"review_id": "oyNFIRSdeUNXq40nmUCYzQ", "user_id": "Wx2K1_-lzCxBo2rIOUAX0g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "Honestly, I just LOVE this place. I never get sick of the fresh flavors, strong coffee, and comfortable atmosphere. Whenever I go to eat with friends or family I try to stick by my rule of always going to new places, however I can't keep to that rule when it comes to Marigold! When I came last weekend I got the roasted sweet potato, kale, and basil walnut pesto hash. I wish I could put that basil walnut pesto on top of everything I eat it was so delicious. My friends both got the chorizo breakfast burrito and though they couldn't finish it in one sitting, they were both very content with their decisions."}, {"review_id": "Is6sTFPsYWxj8fBjscyk0Q", "user_id": "FprgyFpD4c5KnOmrP95dPw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/1/2018", "text": "This place around the corner from the State House was a Mari-Gold mine of a find! The Chef de Cuisine Kristy Schwinn has created a well thought-out, flavorful menu! Under the recommendation of the host I chose the Stuffed Poblano Pepper, its was an amazing gastronomic experience in my mouth! The flavor combinations of that dish where so well thought out I couldn't get enough of it! Thank you ladies for making my first visit there a memorial to high quality ingredients and cooks!I the famous words of Arnold Schwarzenegger \"I'll Be Back\" you can count on it!!"}, {"review_id": "SuBXOH_FXI4Qh0zekPDHKA", "user_id": "e0Dmwpf2FIFSvdIltiGJmA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/22/2018", "text": "Marigold takes brunch to a different level. It's the same old breakfast items you enjoy, but with a fresh twist. They can make salads for breakfast en Vogue. Try it out."}, {"review_id": "6eYODzoyFKGkqOuKJoDUug", "user_id": "QCJgKHHb40RkJBVSkLcn_g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/2/2018", "text": "I've been going to Marigold Kitchen for many years and it is one of my favorite places for breakfast in Madison. The lines can be long on the weekends, but the food is worth the wait. I would highly recommend a short stack of pancakes to share with the table."}, {"review_id": "0M76kVvf7R2970EWeNQSaw", "user_id": "DU6AiAhvxxJWmWvpPsDKEA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/20/2018", "text": "Greeted by nice people this order and sit place has a warm and inviting atmosphere. The duck confit hash is both subtle and tasty, something that is hard to do with duck and harder with hash. The pancakes are light and perfect. This is way better than its 4 stars suggests."}, {"review_id": "31ZSiqcWPEBYOCZOJIXAOg", "user_id": "6Y5-r1fDVyKE4eUkEVd6WQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/8/2018", "text": "Somehow in all my time in Madison (6 years), I had never managed to check this place out. What was I missing out on!? Deliciousness. That's what.Marigold Kitchen is an unassuming business on the Capitol Square that knows how to do breakfast. It has great coffee options, a variety of breakfast options, and an efficient system to get everyone eating.My friend and I came basically at opening on a Saturday, which was wise. It filled up fast! I had a quiche, which was fantastic. The crust was just killer. I'll come back again and again!"}, {"review_id": "3HuiMuWAvMr4nbYxkZat-w", "user_id": "wd3xoNaDLib8dhQ7BxUl6g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/9/2018", "text": "In the words of Usher: these are my confessions. I've lived in Madison on and off since 2002 and have lived just a couple of blocks from Marigold for the last 2.5 years, yet I just went for the first time in December. I KNOW. While a couple friends were passing through on their way from Minneapolis to Milwaukee we decided to grab lunch. It was hard to make a choice between so many tasty-sounding dishes, but in the end the Guajillo Braised Chicken sandwich with a red cabbage side salad called my name the loudest. The sandwich was delicious, its tender chicken and slightly spicy chipotle sauce melding into the ciabatta roll on which it was served. I opted to skip the raw red onion and cilantro, but the romaine gave enough of a fresh contrast that I didn't feel like the sandwich was missing anything. The cabbage salad was less successful for me. The flavor was okay, and I generally really enjoy cabbage, but the thing I enjoy about cabbage is the crunch. This salad was (intentionally) wilted and the softer texture just didn't appeal to me. Different strokes for different folks; next time I'll upgrade to an alternate side. I had to make a quick exit to let my locked-out boyfriend into our apartment, but I had been considering getting back in line to get one of the amazing-looking chocolate walnut cookies that were in the pastry case. We went the Friday before Christmas and the holly-jolly was in full effect. A couple of ladies were going around with complimentary egg nog (boozy and not, depending on how merrily along you were in your holiday) and it was intensely creamy. From my seat I saw our neighbors had Marigold's signature potatoes and I most definitely need to get back to shove those in my face ASAP. Regretting it took me so long to visit, but looking forward to starting a beautiful relationship with my neighborhood cafe."}, {"review_id": "hwkDlTis2uUjWWOtd1ZIUw", "user_id": "claV_wXYEgojvBrRodrSGQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/19/2017", "text": "This is one of my favorite places for brunch in Madison! I had the guajillo chicken tostada today and it was probably one of my least favorite dishes I've had at Marigold because of the fact it's so lackluster next to the other dishes I've had here, not to say that it was bad, but it was particularly average.Time after time, the duck confit hash and the pancakes keep me coming back, so I might stick to those next time. There are fun omelette combinations and those are always yummy too!If you come on the weekend, be prepared to wait a little bit for a seat. It's a somewhat pricey for what you're getting, but you're paying for location too I guess. After a lovely brunch, you'll leave smelling very strongly of breakfast food (in the best way)."}, {"review_id": "wgXLGbtQhjyixX4mK0kzOg", "user_id": "FfWWv6fSjh-m9-dkESMsYQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/27/2018", "text": "Another great brunch spot in Madison! I had the scrambler and my boyfriend got the breakfast sandwich that both came with their potatoes. The potatoes had great flavor with a little spice to it. My scrambler didnt have as much flavor to it, but the breakfast sandwich was delicious. For a simple breakfast sandwich, they perfected it to the T! I also got their almond mocha iced coffee which was really good. The only issue we had was that my food came out 20 mins before his did and I honestly think they just forgot his food or misplaced the ticket, but nonetheless it was a mistake and I would still come back again."}, {"review_id": "-xaGSQUDs8eczAd-PM3MlA", "user_id": "XcvMD4bditrxbGcFUmDCyQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/4/2018", "text": "This place is becoming one of my favorite breakfast/brunch spots in Madison! Rather than a 'sit down first and order from your waiter'-type of place, you immediately look at the menu when you walk in, decide what you want, and place your order with the cashier at the counter. They give you a number, and another worker either brings you to a table or you wait off to the side (where they have chairs along the wall) until someone directs you to an empty table. From there, you can serve yourself some water, and you wait until your food is delivered to you!The first time I visited, my mom and I split a sweet entree and a savory entree. We had the egg scrambler on special which came with breakfast potatoes and toast, as well as the french toast. The scrambler was good, the potatoes were great, and that french toast was the absolute BEST! It's got this almond-flavored cream on top of it with fresh berries, and it is oh so heavenly. Would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a sweet meal!This morning, we were in luck that the line was only a couple people long considering it was about 1130 on a Sunday morning. We placed our order within a few minutes and were placed immediately at a table, and it didn't take too long for our food to arrive. My friend had the Marigold Breakfast Sandwich and loved it!! She said the best part was the creamy spread on it -- which we later realized was the boursin cheese (which is very similar to cream cheese). I tried the Roasted Sweet Potato, Kale, and Basil Walnut Pesto Hash and my oh my that was deeeeeelicious!! I might be biased since sweet potatoes are my absolute favorite, but it was so good. There were plenty of roasted sweet potatoes in the mix, along with some baby reds, carrots, onions, and pesto. I chose to have the hash with poached eggs, which were perfectly runny on the inside. I love how the egg yolk kind of blends into everything in the hash -- it makes it that much better! On the side came a field mix with champagne vinaigrette -- the greens were a bit soaked in the dressing which became overpowering at times, but they were still decent. I was hoping that my plate would have had a bit more of the hash on it -- the portion size wasn't small by any means, but a little more would have been perfect. Lastly, we decided to order a short stack of the Citrus Ricotta pancakes that were on special this weekend. We didn't know if we'd have to get back in like and forfeit our table in order to get another item, but luckily we asked one of the workers and she was able to ring up our order right away while we were still at our table! That worked out perfectly. The pancakes were insanely good -- super fluffy, with crystallized orange zest and what seemed like citrus-y butter on the top and maple syrup on the side. I would definitely get them again as a little side item to split with whoever else at the table!!Overall, you can't go wrong with Marigold. This place might be turning into my go-to brunch spot!!"}, {"review_id": "4ahMIAXOo1o9FiqUZUm3ng", "user_id": "amm1JkCs7Xv5hFb747AVUg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/18/2018", "text": "Loved this little place. We went for breakfast on a Saturday morning. They were very busy but still friendly and efficient. Didn't have to wait long for a table. On weekends and busy days it appears you order at counter then hostess finds a table for you. I had the scrambler with eggs, roasted red peppers, sweet potatoes and kale. It was served with potatoes, toast and a little salad. Salad unusual with breakfast but hey I liked it! My husband had an omelette with rosemary bread toast. He raves about it. Our friends also enjoyed their meals. If I lived in Madison I would be a regular."}, {"review_id": "2dn7H58BrPjFTJ3AMCu-KQ", "user_id": "ZuVIbvRKwpL0d2DIHVAs3w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/27/2017", "text": "I Love breakfast and Marigold is a great breakfast joint. Went here on a friend's suggestion and was not even disappointed in the slightest. One must recognize Marigold's setup before you come just so you don't get stressed for standing in line and ordering yourself.  We came on a Saturday mid-morning and the place was actually not a madhouse. Winning already. You walk in grab a menu and stand in line and order at the front. They give you a number and a few minutes later, boom food! The selection of goods Marigold hooks up is amazing. We ordered a few items at Marigold. First up, the Marigold breakfast sandwich with potatoes as well as the house made bloody Mary and pancakes with orange whip butter. The sandwich was so damn good. So satisfying on so many levels. It had a great cream cheese spread and an egg cooked perfectly with bacon. Simple yet scrumptious. The pancakes were also great and that orange marmalade butter! Woot Woot! The bloody Mary was really good. Not a ton of garnishes but a house made mix that was intense and packed with flavor! This is a must to get if you like bloodies! Now for me, I probably had the best breakfast potatoes I ever had in my life! These things were the sleeper hit! I had no idea potatoes could be so decadent. They came out steaming hot and were crisp and had a perfect seasoning to them. Hands down I could get a plate of these alone and crush em! Marigold I will be back again when I come to Madison. You are one solid breakfast joint in my book!"}, {"review_id": "CAQG-2fl96phLoKysAwTYw", "user_id": "k1MDSedmjtp7n889SHgU0g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/31/2017", "text": "A friend told me about this place. I recommended it to another Yelper before I even tried it. Today was my chance.Grabbed a menu and went up to order. I asked the cashier for recommendations. She pointed out the egg scramble special. Sold! Three eggs scrambled with chorizo, smoked gouda, & sweet corn, served with side of amazing Marigold potatoes and choice of toast. I loved every bite. The classic Bloody Mary was solid, too!Delicious house made jam on every table is a nice touch. Today was Orange jam.Staff walked around offering coffee refills. Staff was very friendly and helpful, and the atmosphere was like a neighborhood coffee shop.Marigold is open for breakfast and lunch.Excellent food and service! I would definitely come back!The only downside I could see is that people come to just hang out so tables can get tied up, but sidewalk seating is also available."}, {"review_id": "S2qqrM0Ud6GSUvISnyKlBA", "user_id": "J4iBX1ejpnOIjiDzzds8NA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/20/2018", "text": "Went here this morning , on a whim !! Well it did not disappoint; I had the 3 grain breakfast, I sometimes get ' healthy ' things for brekkie and am usually unsatisfied and still hungry , it's now 10 hours later and I'm still thinking of the delicious flavorsAnd colors !My daughter is a picky eater and they couldn't have been more accommodating.We also had the cinnamon muffins for dessert, another win ! This definitely is a fantastic place , Madison is a super cute townAnd this is a perfect compliment to the city !!"}, {"review_id": "qJ8TAetiuiPkBuSAOegCgQ", "user_id": "LUWbVukgLd7hGvQ3la4pgg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/20/2017", "text": "I am definitely a fan of Merigold. I've been here several times and have enjoyed everything a ton!Mad props on the quiche. It manages to be creamy and fluffy and rich but not heavy. It's basically magic. If Wingardium Leviosa was a food, this is what it would taste like. Protip: If you are meeting up with a group, they don't take reservations and you order before taking a seat. So make sure everyone in your party has arrived or texted you their order."}, {"review_id": "1e5Yuxqb43_Ev6jHOl-64A", "user_id": "etZl3HWALD5hbYgqfeqy2Q", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/21/2018", "text": "Hands down, favorite breakfast place in Madison! I've enjoyed everything I've had here, but my favorite dish are the chili poached eggs. Even though they are such a simple dish, Marigold does it perfectly! Their breakfast potatoes are also amazing!"}, {"review_id": "mJeuATM1AJf8f3r2tB8mMA", "user_id": "HhsJB9opMjepFwQWpW6Wnw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/4/2018", "text": "Great food but so busy and loud I couldn't really enjoy my company. Will definitely be back but it's not the place to go for a heart to heart chat."}, {"review_id": "3Qdu6jlG7XZMPR3mYnWNjA", "user_id": "Z6b2mrPPA8XV66Nv8EB58g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "My new favorite and on my list of restaurants to frequent! The food is great and at a good price and the customer service can't be beat!"}, {"review_id": "18BJoa_mSX1x1w7v4a0AhA", "user_id": "3CYDgFXGK5M8qfF8COrXGQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/8/2017", "text": "OMG.. we stumbled upon Marigold Kitchen by accident, and after eating GLUTEN FREE pancakes I understand the Yelp reviews. This place is fantastic and friendly for vegetarians, vegans, GF, etc. The gluten free pancakes were delicious and topped with some delicious apple butter deliciousness. I would come back here in a heartbeat. Yes, it's not the cheapest breakfast, but I'll pay for real gluten free pancakes.Everyone else was very pleased with their meals, and the steady flow of customers flowed through the entire time we ate. I'd come back here anytime in Madison!"}, {"review_id": "iuxhw9E_25r-pba1dUCXNA", "user_id": "EZUjduDAlgesYDqd89gODg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/16/2018", "text": "The seasonal specials that highlight local farmers are incredible. The seating can be tight, but worth the wait."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/marigold-kitchen-madison?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]