[[{"review_id": "Za-uAdSeQkHTg6_a8z9Fug", "user_id": "Sgl2AyJiBdh4Sx3DTWYR0A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/22/2018", "text": "This past week a student and I had lunch before a film at The Oriental Theatre - I chose B&B because of its proximity to the theatre, yes, but also because I like to take our MKE city students to places that serve healthy foods. I teach self-love and nutrition in my Mindful Yoga class.I had an open-faced gluten-free tuna melt with extra sprouts, chips and a pickle and the Carmen NW junior had a chicken fajita and a cherry lemonade. The grilled veggies and chicken came with corn tortillas, black bean mash, quac and spicy salsa. She devoured the lunch and commented on the fair pricing at B&B.I love the open space and the vaulted ceiling in the dining area. The market is always a treat for foods, postcards and gifts.I knew the old owners, but whomever owns it now has made the place more bright, colorful and clean.The clientele is diverse and it is a welcome sight in MKE. What a cheerful spot to share a meal.Cera P was our server and she was terrific. Thank you Cera. Thank you Team Beans and Barley Cafe and Market."}, {"review_id": "S8KmvQh-ICvhVbpNTVGNzw", "user_id": "wDzVWSycEsIggl5rbyDq7A", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "Had a taste for my favorite breakfast--pesto scrambled eggs, so headed to the only place I know that serves it, and serves it very well. The meal comes with fried baby red potatoes. Done just right and very flavorful. For a little extra, I chose a small frosted morning bun for my bread option. They also serve great strong coffee and will substitute soy or almond milk for dairy at no extra charge. The refills are plentiful and service is prompt and attentive. I usually sit at the counter, where a number of regulars  congregate.I've been visiting this place off and on for the last 30 years, and have never had a bad dining experience. The vegetarian chili is the best around. They also make a tasty grilled cheese sandwich and vegetarian lasagna.In lieu of dessert, I browse the market area after my meal. Off beat gifts that are always appreciated are purchased here. Need pink flamingo salt and pepper shakers? American Gothic magnets with numerous costume changes? A small solar gnome or a cat lover's dish towel and oven mitt? And don't forget the Aaron Rogers votive candle! They can all be found here. Not only a great meal, but a fun shopping/browsing experience!"}, {"review_id": "dya-V70m0E5PMIZL78bJlg", "user_id": "DGQEY6I7zNc85D51Nqp2uQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/16/2018", "text": "I cannot say enough good things about Beans and Barley. It is a must stop whenever I am in town and I just love this place. Good people, fresh veggies, all the juices, smoothies,  and shots one would want, dine in or take out, lots of local goodies, and who doesn't love that all the daily prepared food is 50% at 8:30 p.m!I suggest non-vegetarians and non-vegans try something vegetable based here, as they have an extensive rotating menu of meals for different corners of the globe. The juice bar offers wheatgrass shots and customizable fresh juices. Beans and Barley's beer and cider slection is pretty good, they have all kinds of local teas, kombuchas, and elixirs to try also. As well as local fermented goods, frozen pizzas,  and health foods to choose from. Also, there bakery delivers some of the best baked goods around. If you can get your hands on the jalapeño cornbread consider yourself very luck. Enjoy!"}, {"review_id": "KAOW1wmeG1lNANwdBuLFGA", "user_id": "pYrMuwlz6Wujo0NM_Xva3Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/28/2018", "text": "Beans & Barley is a great little market and cafe on the East side of Milwaukee.  We love stopping by here to grab food to go from their deli selection or to purchase some coffee beans, since they are one of the only places that carry beans by Ruby Roasters in Milwaukee. :)Even though they do have a little parking lot in the front of the market, it will almost definitely be filled up, so street parking is the way to go. You can't really go wrong with any of their deli selections, but their burritos are always a favorite of mine!"}, {"review_id": "wtCABtaRgWae4EmGjckP-Q", "user_id": "LzhiHi3u9P7wH0JEGMUd8w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/4/2017", "text": "Last night, Hubsy and I were starving and frozen. After a failed attempt to infiltrate Comet Cafe (I've been dreaming of their mac and cheese since I had it last) and a failed attempt at another restaurant, we braved the cold and wind to Beans and Barley!The first time I was at Beans and Barley was two weeks ago, and the vegetable stir fry was delightful. This time, we waltzed in 45 minutes before closing time. We felt appropriately guilty, doing our best to order uncomplicated food and be as low maintenance as possible. Maybe I'm paranoid, but I did sense a little annoyance.That being said, service was still appropriately polite and attentive, which I respect.ANYWAY I got the smoked provolone and roasted tomato sandwich. It arrived warm on a square bun of heaven. The cheese was melty, the tomatoes were warm and just a little smoky. Spinach also made an appearance as did a kind of pesto which always makes me drool. Honestly, it was probably the best sandwich I've had in a really long time. I'm not usually a fan of sandwiches, but it was a very good sandwich. I was very tempted by the dessert menu, but as I said...we were trying to be low maintenance, so we passed on dessert. Perhaps next time."}, {"review_id": "yaLtDq0i-YZRslfrLUVmNQ", "user_id": "cf3j3kaHmsqJ3OF6BigbOg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "I probably visit Beans & Barley more than any other restaurant in the city (partly because it's healthy, fast, and delicious, partly because it's 500 feet from my house). I have yet to get something from there that I didn't like, whether it's from the restaurant for breakfast/brunch/lunch/dinner or from the to-go deli. Some of my favorites are the sweet potato burrito, the roasted veggie sandwich, any of their quiches, their hummus wrap, their chicken pine nut salad, and their  vegetarian chili. Yum! It's also a nice little grocery store for unique, local nick-nacks and food items."}, {"review_id": "jEF6SXoA3HgZ9byDRM7iTw", "user_id": "ZuVIbvRKwpL0d2DIHVAs3w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/9/2017", "text": "Beans & Barley is in that 4.5 to 5 star range. I need to eat here a couple more times and I'll justify giving it to 'em. For now though this is where it lands. Came here for lunch wound up eating brunch and it was oh so good! Pancakes are one of my favorites and these fluffy flapjacks hit the spot, especially with the butter and all that Wisconsin maple syrup! Wowzers. Also had the egg burrito which was packed with fresh everything, all veggies. This was solid choice and the medium salsa was perfection. I will try the hot next time though as the medium wasn't terribly spicy. One of my favorite things about Beans is how open and bright it is. The location is also prime. We can walk here from our Riverwest casa and sit back enjoying a bite while also perusing the shops this area has to offer. Beans and Barley is just a great neighborhood gem and I am very disappointed it took us so long to get here. Now that we've finally made the jaunt we will be back soon!"}, {"review_id": "G2twi-TyYLeiXNJtmO-URA", "user_id": "NUa3uTpX-sT4ylUVqaTz9w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/20/2017", "text": "Whole Foods is right up the street, and I wandered into Beans and Barley a few times without buying anything before I actually checked it out. Everything looked good, if a little pricier than Whole Foods with a little less selection. The first time I really sat down was on a day when I had come to the neighborhood on an errand and wanted a proper breakfast. Or really it was brunch, because it was Saturday, but it was primarily breakfast with extended hours and a few featured items. I enjoyed my Farmer's omelet and the breakfast potatoes, but especially the scone I had--it was apricot--and the little serving of strawberry jam that came with it. Put together with some coffee and a little people watching, it made for a pleasant morning. I bought some kind of hipster-fancy stationery on my way out on impulse. Another time it was soap and refrigerator magnets. It's that kind of place.I've been back a few times because I like the space, and I've sampled a few of their other items. I liked the lasagna (pesto the night I had it) in part because it came with a little salad with some really yummy herb vinaigrette. Soups and salads are a strong point of theirs. The veggie chili is great and another day's fish chowder was hearty, with plenty of chunks of potato and carrot. I heard a fellow patron raving about the tahini dressing and balsamic tofu on her garden salad. It wasn't a combo I would immediately think of but now I kind of want to try it. Another gentleman's mesclun with grilled vegetables gave me a moment of salad envy one day.It is a little pricy, especially if you tend to lose your inhibitions around other people ordering multiple items. But it's also less pretentious than it might seem from the outset. The service staff is a little hipster-y, but friendly, and helpful with recommendations. I haven't tried any dessert yet, which I probably should, and I haven't taken home any to-go or deli items. I would say go when you're not broke and you have some free time."}, {"review_id": "-k88OpIuERfU5N9XEdZxRg", "user_id": "Nrss0KsMwwItRHvP2-aveg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/8/2017", "text": "5 stars. I've wanted to try Beans & Barley for someeeeeee time now. Went with two friends and we split the artichoke dip- which was the perfect sized appetizers. I got a burrito and it was so fresh and delicious that I am sad I didn't know about this place a long time ago. We also strolled through the market area and I left with an awesome poster and other home decor. The prices of everything were so reasonable. I will definitely be going back asap"}, {"review_id": "slzTwg_cPKNSUguPNE0ikw", "user_id": "ZqliZWwKeThUABgA7KENIw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/28/2017", "text": "I will always love Beans. It's a staple among my group of friends. The inside has many adorable little goodies to buy, and the decor will give you a serious sense of plant envy. My personal favorites form the menu include: the chicken Caesar salad, any quiche, and the sweet potato black bean burrito. Never forget the tangy, zippy lime crema. They also have this delicious drink- I it's called the jackrabbit. It is so healthy (... ;) I promise) because it's freshly squeezed carrot and orange juice, with just a lil' Tito's vodka."}, {"review_id": "YS_V3Jh2YE47Ci5NyqtEgw", "user_id": "fqwpv1U9P4XdDbvcILeleg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/11/2017", "text": "Let me stay from the start that I absolutely love this place. It is exceedingly rare that I give 5 stars. I look forward to my business trips to MKE because it means I'll get to eat this healthy, inventive food in an eclectic, welcoming, and non-pretentous atmosphere.Their sandwiches look tempting time every time, but I can't seem to justify not getting one of the burritos. Tonight I enjoyed the black bean and sweet potato burrito with a side of hot, sour green salsa and what I believe was lime sour cream. The burritos come grilled and almost crisp to the touch: delightful. Everything is local, made-to-order and from scratch. The bartender who waited on me not only proudly told me the specials, he told me some of the farms that supplied the food.I also enjoyed a savory green kale smoothie. And though I was full, I couldn't resist a slice of blueberry pie with fresh whipped cream. I planned on eating, at most, half of the slice. And in the end, I could have licked the plate. It was well worth the unplanned calories. Easily one of the top 10 slices of blueberry pie I've ever been served.Also, don't miss the health-food store attached. Particularly nice is the selection of chocolates. Finally, if you're lacto-ova veg as I am or if you're vegan, this place has you completely covered. One day I will try the TLT (tempeh, lettuce, tomato) but for now the burritos will more than carry the day."}, {"review_id": "WjqvIIyRHDIhgKcH2G7Gkw", "user_id": "pTXhLuuxDYYmDXOvZtSlhw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/14/2018", "text": "Beans & Barley is a classic Milwaukee staple. A must-go to place.  Great for vegetarians and vegan alike."}, {"review_id": "Sl10QRXVSWZGLQaGhU-RFg", "user_id": "9-_CPbm4FizEGsCKpMmatQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "6/18/2017", "text": "Pretty good cafe type hang with a bar. I had the garden salad with tofu on the side, tahini dressing. I don't recommend the tofu - super thick and too salty. Good dressing though and a nice fresh rye bun!Affordable and healthy eats, yes please"}, {"review_id": "g6ppbSz9ZP2_MZW2XTPbBw", "user_id": "mNmi2VOwLRh-16CpANx4Aw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "9/10/2017", "text": "Food was okay. I ordered an eggs Benedict and partner got yogurt/granola/fruit plate. Food tasted fine though was not hot. Coffee was plentiful and partner's chai with almond milk was delicious. Service was great and everyone seemed happy to be there. My major complaint was how dirty the cafe was! There were cobwebs on the windowsill and dead bugs in the windows. The wall of our booth was filthy with food splatter. I've worked in a cafe setting where we wiped these types of spaces every morning. Judging by the look of the space, a deep clean is in order. I would probably stay away if having a meal in Milwaukee again. The bathrooms were also filthy with dusty fake flowers in the sink. If that is how the presentational spaces look, I can't imagine what the kitchen may look like."}, {"review_id": "LLf0TlJdeMraK-GwMq9MVg", "user_id": "aeiLergsl4797w3ksXbHkg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "10/8/2017", "text": "Went for brunch on Sunday of last week, expected a wait and kudos to the host staff who estimated the wait perfectly.  I don't mind a wait here as it is great to shop around in the deli and store and decide if I am taking and other good stuff home with me.  We had a very pleasant server who promptly took our order after we sat down.  Food arrived in a reasonable amount of time and it was great all around.  I especially appreciate the modifications and substitution to my omelette as requested.  I have dined here many, many times and consistently have high quality food and good service.  My only criticism from this visit would be that it seemed to take a long time to clear dirty tables, we observed this while waiting and once seated.  Hoping that was lack of staff versus lack of urgency or awareness, willing to give it the benefit of doubt this time."}, {"review_id": "UtrKURM2E7ubQ1bctasD7w", "user_id": "aO_KyQw3OjUAI-2ZWyGoqA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/1/2018", "text": "This is one of my favorite restaurants! I look forward to it every time I'm in Milwaukee!"}, {"review_id": "hZgoFuyNuL-2dpCy6mugRQ", "user_id": "wXs2l5GDMmZfrOkk83w46g", "rating": 3.0, "date": "1/9/2017", "text": "I went there with my friend for lunch. There was many people were waiting. We were looking around the store was next to the restaurant while waiting. The restaurant and the store are in the same building so I think it's a pretty fun place.I ordered a Tofu burger with Swiss cheese and avocado. It was delicious!! I like the texture of the Tofu patty was like a meat. The taste doesn't resemble meat when I tried just the patty first, but with the burger is kind of like meat, very good!! It's a healthy burger, but it doesn't feel like something is missing. for me. It looked busy when we were there, so I felt our foods were late to come. But our waiter was friendly. So it's OK."}, {"review_id": "ZvHblb7ofTwQZpGfrsQitA", "user_id": "ZmzHhrs1RNGT0HQOncXPMQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/17/2018", "text": "So on a free Saturday me and a long time friend decided to make a trip to Caribou Coffee (since they closed the one in our hometown) and decided we would hit up BEANS AND BARLEY as a via stop.  It's located in downtown Milwaukee about around the corner from Whole Foods which I frequent.  Well when you first enter you'll see to the right is the marketplace for shopping and to the left is your cafe/diner.  We headed stage right (left) for our grub.  I checked out the menu ahead of time and noticed that its a vegan friendly eatery which is good because my friend is vegan and as for me i can live without meat.  She ordered the vegan Reuben and I had the tofu scrambler. Let me tell you that tofu had the texture of eggs and was very delicious you would not be able to tell the difference. One thing about tofu is it needs to be flavored otherwise it is absolutely plain and bland but here it was flavored good.  My friend let me try her vegan reuben (can't remember what they used for the meat substitute) and it was great.  My friend loves the place and will most likely head back.  Meals were filling but not heavy (meaning didn't feel sleepy afterwards).  I dig it, 4 stars.  Eating at places like this make me feel more secure about going vegan if I were to make the complete jump."}, {"review_id": "v_K0P58P564wHnWdO6_v1g", "user_id": "izcoRb_Ishp62M5ycKHrJw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/28/2017", "text": "This is a place near to my heart- my husband and I had our first date here and subsequently had the food at our wedding catered by them. The food is good and reasonably priced. I love to get dessert (also sell East Side Ovens!), but what I really love is the shop. You can't leave without getting a little something. Also a great spot for gifts."}, {"review_id": "UNiidwwt1Wo51ZzN2FM4dw", "user_id": "PFNvnQXc_GngnJelkMi8Mg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/31/2017", "text": "Some friends and I just went here for dinner today and we all loved it. The place is very cute and clean. They also have a store connected that has some great basics and cool gifts. In terms of the food, I had the black bean dip and cheese quesadilla appetizer in addition to a portobello sandwich entree. My server Grace was very accommodating. I can't eat dairy, and she allowed me to substitute the cheese in the quesadilla for rice for no extra charge. The food came out very quick and efficiently and our water glasses were never empty. The food is pretty simple stuff, but with a lot of flavor. I initially didn't want to go because I believed they just had vegan food, but they have food for any and everyone. I'd like to give an additional shoutout to Grace, our server, for being so kind and not too overbearing."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/beans-and-barley-cafe-milwaukee?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]