[[{"review_id": "eahhfabwxA2RM4QMbSYobQ", "user_id": "iZ5ZNXP0ZyA7HEmWvKWjZg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "Ahhhh ... Glorioso's.  This is a review that has been months in the making with multiple visits under my belt, not to mention my wife, who is from the area and is a quarter Italian, who a special spot in her heart for this place.  She has memories of visiting the original location across the street as a child navigating the narrow aisles for imported delicacies with her folks.  Then, while in college and beyond, it became tradition for her to visit Glorioso's each Christmas Eve Day en route home so that she would always arrive with prosciutto, Asiago, octopus salad (her sister's favorite) and containers full of red, green and black Cerignola olives the size of your head.  While she misses the quaint original store (she still even has a few small metal pins from Christmases past that say Buon Natale), she appreciates that the store is still thriving a short distance away.  As for me ... I have quickly developed a deep appreciation for Glorioso's as well.  We find ourselves going there to pick up hospitality gifts for others ranging from Italian wine, coffee, hot ham & rolls on a Sunday and once even to accommodate a very specific emergency request on our way to a dinner party from our friends in Racine for some high quality Parmigiano-Reggiano. Whatever we pick up never fails to impress.  We don't just buy things for others.  We have a special affinity for their cheeses.  We've tried many and they are always amazing.  Glorioso's Parmesan has spoiled us - no other compares.  We've also picked up items from their deli case that we wouldn't necessarily want to tackle making ourselves at home, but can enjoy knowing that it was made right on site with quality local or imported ingredients.  Deli favorites include the veggie arancini, eggplant rolls and pretty much every olive salad.  Never have had a bad one.  The service is excellent.  It always has been.  Everyone from the deli to checkout to the wine section has always been extremely helpful and friendly.  It's rare to find places like this these days that boast fresh, high quality products.  The consistency over the years tells us that the ownership has refused to cut corners and compromise as so many other stores have.  It is noticed and appreciated.  We truly hope that this Milwaukee gem is around for generations to come."}, {"review_id": "TWqH9EZ7usMEy5mj_cHg6A", "user_id": "_mu197otMX_Iq_QeXiOIcg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/2/2018", "text": "Excellent selection of items here. From frozen pasta,wine,cheese, bakery,meats,and deli everything here makes you want to try it. If I lived closer I would frequent this place a lot more.Caught lunch here more the once, with the latest not being so great. Had a villa sub with some cauliflower tomatoe soup. The sub was pretty cold and seemed of the reheated variety. Having eaten here before I'm sure that wasn't the the case. Just thought it was under par for this particular visit. I love the variety on sauces and frozen ravioli here. My kids absolutely love the cannolis here. Gelato is a little pricey but good. Pretty much everything here is fire. Lunch or buying a couple dinners is guaranteed a fun and delicious experience."}, {"review_id": "L0FzmDUNHsnE-pzFQjg3uw", "user_id": "zmr4gUzWiaPeEhIfeKXOvA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/9/2018", "text": "This store has everything! Came here the first time with some friends to get lunch from their deli, which is in the back of the store.  You make your order and then they call your name when it's ready. During that time, I explored the little store, and it's jammed pack with different foods.  Everything from meats, cheese, snacks, baked goods, coffee, wine and beer.  I was really impressed.  You could easily do your grocery shopping here.  I got my sandwich, and there's a dining area to eat your sandwich.  I ordered the Milwaukee Muffaletta.  It was big sandwich! A lot of bread, and my first bite toppings were falling out and my hands covered in oils and vinegar. I still enjoyed it and would easily get it again as the prices were very comparable to sub sandwich chain restaurants.  Delizioso!"}, {"review_id": "O10XM-f8VBEzcxVCScXOyQ", "user_id": "Hi10sGSZNxQH3NLyWSZ1oA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/8/2018", "text": "Best deli in Milwaukee? I already KNOW SOGets me so excited in places down BELOW SONext thing you know my thing begins to GROW SOWhen I get my sandwich I make sure I GO SLOWMake it last, don't eat it fast, don't want it to GO SOQuickly that I get a tummy ache and end up feeling SO SOWish I could have brought my sort of ex Jayna OSOThere's no better Sconnie sandwich than GLORIOSOWHATWhat to get: Everything is delicious (so far)What not to get: Driven backwards in a car by Steven TylerSo I shouldn't drive: Not with him. Instead, Wauk this wayK?: Yes, Mil-wauk, K.A massive and warm thank you to my good friend Yael in New York City, who once lived in Milwaukee (hey, you can't have everything), and told me some great recommendations for the city when I went there.My favorite recommendation of hers was this wonderful classic old Delhi (no, voice dictation, it's not in India, get a grip)... Deli... which is absolutely perfect in terms of both pricing and old-world experience. Not to mention the awesome standard and tasty deliciousness they are serving up. Indeed, there's something unique about it, that makes it a true must-visit. It's not like the delis in Chicago and New Jersey (and New York, which are not as good as the ones in New Jersey... mwahaha). Those NJ, NYC, CHI delis are some of the best in the world. But Glorioso's of Milwaukee is right up there with them.Wait times can be really long, but my meatball sandwich (which the guy recommended) was nothing short of delicious and delightful. I'm already looking forward to coming back here to train (er... try) more of their awesome stuff. So many different things I want to try here. Italian Sausage, for one. Cold cut sandwiches, for another. Their pasta dishes, Lasagne, and so on. But there's a reason the Italian Sausage and Meatball are the 2 most mentioned items. They're what this place has become famous for, as the kid serving told me.Perhaps I'm most excited to come back and try the Milwaukee Muffaletta, because I'm kinda sorta obsessed with Muffalettas, to the extent that when Regina George was a slutty Muffaletta for Halloween she was like \"why are you so obsessed with me.\"And even if you don't get anything it's an experience just to come in here and look at the amazing decor and wonder through the old world Italian grocery store for a while.Now Lady Gaga would like to close out the review by singing her song (about this place), \"The Edge Of Glorioso's.\"There ain't no reason you and me should be hungryTonight yeah baby, tonight yeah baby But I got a reason that you should take me out to eat tonightI need a sandwich that's so right when it's so wrong Tonight yeah baby, tonight yeah baby Right on the limit's of obesity is where we belong tonightIt's time to feel the rush to make our belly bustI'm gonna run right to, Brady Street with you Where we'll both eat far too muchI'm on the edge of Glorioso's, and I'm waitin' in this line with youOut on the edge of Glorioso's and I'm gonna share a sandwich with youI'm on the edge, the edge, the edge, The edge, the edge, the edge, the edgeI'm on the edge of Glorioso'sAnd I'm waiting for them to call \"52\"I'm waiting in line with youThanks, Stefani Joanne Angelina."}, {"review_id": "gpEtKBhSo7xxfv0yiBMDRA", "user_id": "NUa3uTpX-sT4ylUVqaTz9w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "12/1/2017", "text": "I should come here more often. I like to make it a stop on a lazy Saturday or Sunday when I'm out shopping or wandering around. I can come in, nibble on samples, get a coffee and a meal or a gelato. I rarely go when I'm going straight home or I would be more of a connoisseur of their deli case. I sampled some tuna pasta salad while waiting for my food order last weekend and it was amazing. I would probably eat a half pound of it as a meal if I thought nobody was looking. The other selections looked good too. I must try the arancini sometime. Ditto the cheese department, which carries some Italian cheeses I don't see elsewhere along with a fair sampling of others.If you go on a weekend the lady is out sampling the sauces. She's really friendly and the sauces are delicious, of course. There's usually an olive oil and balsamic vinegar out for sampling with bread for dipping (with a toothpick, of course). One interesting thing I tried recently I think were called \"Roman candles\"--croutons, but they were spicy. It was simple, but genius. I love samples, but at this point in my life I like to reward the generosity they represent by actually buying something. I've tried a pasta and a flatbread which were both great. If I've eaten elsewhere and am just on a walkabout, sometimes I just get a coffee and a gelato. The coffee is from Colectivo, and the gelato comes in great Italian flavors like pistachio and stracciatella.Based on the food, the linger factor, and the old-school, \"family\" vibe, Glorioso's is a find."}, {"review_id": "cO475CjBsRG9eX2cYXSpgQ", "user_id": "Yt3LXRIrmbk4-lTwDaYm-g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/12/2018", "text": "I love this place!! We stopped in on Saturday while we were in Milwaukee. This is one of our favorite groceries store and whenever we're in town, we have to make a special stop. Everything is always fresh and most is home made. The staff is very friendly and extremely helpful. Prices are also very reasonable. If you haven't stopped here and you're in the area, we highly highly recommend it!!!!"}, {"review_id": "RwhZ0eS40byXUuyR4i8EcA", "user_id": "xc4rC2YyFP37ElZ55y33bw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/31/2018", "text": "I came here for the first time again in several years and WOW have I been missing out! The new (more new to me than most perhaps) location is huge and absolutely incredible. I was surprised at the huge selection of Italian foods (who knew there were so many different kinds of noodles!), as well as the alcohol selection. The deli has a lot of options for pre-made salads (I got the chicken salad and it was definitely one of the best I've had). You can also order sandwiches to eat there or to go. I will definitely be coming here in the summer months to pick up some delicious eats and head to Lake Park for a picnic. Did I mention the CHEESE?! So many kinds. So much yum. The prices were also super reasonable, which I love to see at a smaller, local shop. Wish I lived a little closer to Brady St and could come here more regularly, but I'll absolutely make a point to stop by as much as I can in the future!"}, {"review_id": "reNX_8-tWCGx_ashpRpcSw", "user_id": "KWLxxZKAcdUOBqBLMPW22w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/5/2017", "text": "I love this place! We visit every time we visit Milwaukee! Perfect lunch spot! Great deli, salads, bakery and coffee! Today we enjoyed our lunch outside!!"}, {"review_id": "JkMOmljgnUPDTTRRu45sNg", "user_id": "00U17LdvV0wuBcj1DhQrsg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/8/2018", "text": "Very nice menu and food is made to order! Very good! My husband had human torch and it looked AMAZING! I had brown butter gnocchi and it was really good! Prices are very reasonable and their variety is AMAZING!"}, {"review_id": "lFjpdd0B4kSNUYZ8x_aEvw", "user_id": "a1jaqBDi3A71yS8fA6ckYA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/6/2017", "text": "I stopped by the market because a coworker recommended specific cheese to get before leaving. I bought a bunch of cheese to bring back home and to my coworkers who were too lazy to get up with me to come. Easy parking area here. The food selection area is straight forward and workers are super nice."}, {"review_id": "Pog6Sghjuf3v_ga_b5GnGw", "user_id": "p2Bk2oTfpkn2qw_maW6qOQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/10/2017", "text": "I love this place for so many reasons!! They have a really great selection of food. You get inside and the store is actually a fairly large. Plus, there is an overwhelming amount of stuff to choose from.So much. meat. They have a big meat and deli area with a lot of good ready to eat selections. My boyfriend and I order their salads a lot and they are always solid. I can always count on Glorioso's to come through when I shop here. They offer so many different deli options that aren't just your stereotypical potato salad and pasta salads. I can always make a splash with their deli items such as the Asiago Pasta Salad, Pesto Chicken & Roasted Brussel Sprouts. Their desserts are SO TASTY. I went through a cannoli phase and was grateful to find they also offer mini cannolis :)Service is always exceptional. Everyone I have ever interacted with here has always been incredibly friendly, and very helpful. I leave this place happier than I came in (which usually isn't the case for store runs).One time I had an issue with my card and when I called, management went above and beyond to correct the error and actually called me back! Can you think of the last time a store manager called you back without you calling multiple times?Lastly, I unknowingly interacted with the owner during a recent visit and he cracked jokes which left a smile on my face. So if you live in the area and you haven't shopped here you are doing yourself a disservice.Edited for clarity*"}, {"review_id": "w1FfMlYq0phaiYdtt5WSZQ", "user_id": "QCJgKHHb40RkJBVSkLcn_g", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/19/2017", "text": "One of my favorite places to shop. We drive in from the burbs about once a month to stock up on Parmesan cheese and their Italian sausages. While we are there we usually get an Italian beef sandwich with hot giardiniera and a slice of blueberry cheesecake for a treat later at home. Probably one of the best muffuletta sandwiches outside of NOLA."}, {"review_id": "QVH9oCizwhEYy2JDSooWtg", "user_id": "hc0xJfLsPQt_orsz5SaPtQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/13/2018", "text": "Oh my gosh! What outstanding customer service!! I worked with Megan Kelly to create a customized condolence basket filled with various items from the store and she truly went above and beyond! She was very responsive and accommodating and had a really quick turnaround. They don't normally do hand deliveries, but the owner hand delivered this basket himself! If you're looking for great products and terrific customer service - look no further than Glorioso's!"}, {"review_id": "Ywl4zzW_yCQedZObBGCjZw", "user_id": "XAFj3zEXusHYJW_UBuIi4A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "9/7/2017", "text": "Oh my good sweet lord.  When I first walked into Glorioso's, I couldn't stop exclaiming over each and every new thing that I saw. If you want it, they've got it.  Gelato, prepared deli, incredible meat counter, authentic Italian dry goods, fresh produce...Dude, the meatballs.  Stop the presses. For me, that's the ultimate. If you're ever yearning for Festa Italiana but it's not July, just pop into Glorioso's and stuff your face with arancini.  All better!   The prices are reasonable, the service is friendly and family-like, and the selection can't be beat.Tip: there is a dedicated parking lot across the street, though it's a little tricky to get in and out of.  Still, nice to have on a busy day on Brady Street!"}, {"review_id": "iSFaFnvV5d8LyMFdxLT5dw", "user_id": "3mdM_myHQeS1BotVf1sUmQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/8/2017", "text": "What a beautiful store! It is so clean and organized. I felt like a kid in a candy store. I wanted to try and buy everything. However my task at hand was to grab some lunch with friends. The menu is huge! They offer a little bit of everything from pizza, pasta, calzones, salads, soups, sandwiches, flatbreads, Panini's, and the list goes on and on. I decided to try The  Milwaukee Muffalatta mild and a tortellini pasta salad as my side. The sandwich was huge, I couldn't finish it all. The pasta salad was delicious and garlicky. My friends ordered a meatball sandwich and the Muffalatta along with a olive antipasto salad as their side. It was a gorgeous day so we sat outside while we enjoyed our lunch. I cannot wait to go back to the store and buy and bring home some delicious groceries and pastries!!!"}, {"review_id": "TnscsMGplgZdkCdTzSqaGQ", "user_id": "gazc2RoLDq5ZVC5S8WoEfA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/17/2018", "text": "Very good, I had the human torch. Husband had Italian Beef. Both very yummy. Fast service. Inside dining is available. Wish I would of had time to shop in the store. Oh!!!! And the chocolate eclair was so good."}, {"review_id": "68OW55du5Hak4kuWN-HwqQ", "user_id": "6hNi05UEmWIzNnc5ofdeng", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/4/2018", "text": "Top tier italian boucherie. Came to MKE with this at the top of my list, and it was more than I hoped for. Coffee, espresso, gelato, fresh sausage, extensive cheese and pasta, pastry, fresh grocery. I could live here. You could to.  Nice place to stop and have a bite. Great neighborhood place."}, {"review_id": "E2n0WlnKiTzQ1W-anVaBbQ", "user_id": "cg4JJ-RfIKDLsShIWYyFaQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/7/2018", "text": "Let me just say, the deli is a hidden gem. Where else can you get damn good Italian food for cheap here in Milwaukee? I wanted to try EVERYTHING. I will definitely be coming by again. Thanks, Glorioso's for a dinner worth remembering!"}, {"review_id": "XwW4a4ZI8oWCrEo5Z1ozLg", "user_id": "PJhoeUCSSvWEQvv4AqGQgw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/14/2017", "text": "A co-worker strongly recommended stopping in at Glorioso's. So glad he did. It's not a place I would have likely found on my own, as it's not in a neighborhood I frequent when I'm in MKE. What a great little gem of a market. The menu looked amazing and I'm a bit bummed that I wasn't stopping in at a meal time that I could have tried it out.Instead, I bought some artisan pasta, house-made sauces, Italian sausage, Parmesan Reggiano cheese. There was so much to choose from, including fresh produce, bakery from Peter Sciortino's from down the street, wine, beer, and on and on. I loved it here and will definitely be back."}, {"review_id": "nmuJ7l_mth0YnhnZZKkBRQ", "user_id": "ZuVIbvRKwpL0d2DIHVAs3w", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/1/2016", "text": "Shameful Milwaukeean! Yes I am because it only took 3 years give or take a few days to get into Glorioso's! I am ashamed of myself for that. My bad. Well now that I've been I really can't believe what the hell took so long. The place is spot on. There is so much to sample, try and buy food wise it hurts. Food consumed... The Human Torch! What a sandwich. I usually prefer a toasted sandwich but the fresh meats and the spicy giardiniera was out of this world! Oh so good with a nice touch of heat! Also had snacks as in dessert for days! The salted caramel brownie was to die for along with the lemon cookies. I needed to get away from that counter in a hurry. Also had a pasta with some broccoli and a cream sauce that was pretty good but lacking in flavor a bit, needed salt and pepper just to get it correct. Overall I was very impressed with the Glorioso's. The space is beautiful and they have a deli counter and selection second to none. Anytime I'm on Brady St. I will now make sure to stop by this Milwaukee staple!"}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/gloriosos-italian-market-milwaukee?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]