[[{"review_id": "2-wP9hfu6UHR2j9r4q2zoA", "user_id": "1C9GHl_InhJZQvhEAWDaww", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "If I could give more than 5 stars, I would!! The staff, the food, the atmosphere, and the drinks all deserve 5 stars! I have never had a negative experience here. The food is amazing. Burgers are seasoned so deliciously and they reheat very well the next morning! (I'm eating one right now!) Their salads are portioned very largely - perfect for sharing. One of the biggest reasons I keep coming back is the staff. They are perfectly attentive (not overbearing, but not neglectful), strike up fun conversations, and are always in a positive mood. Even on a recent trip there when one of my party members was getting sick in the corner, the manager was constantly checking in to make sure this person was okay while also politely asking us to bring her outside. We never felt like we were being scolded or ordered out of the place -- which was really kind considering the circumstances! They handled things professionally and still managed to show that they cared about this person's wellbeing. I think anyone visiting Madison should check this place out! Great for late-night food and drinks! Plenty of seating and they can accommodate groups."}, {"review_id": "LKXvg6BJG2Bik0sVSBaObw", "user_id": "_V1v1Ez_b1L6oBglnEyKEQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/3/2018", "text": "I visited on Friday 4/27/18 before 5pm for an early dinner. Service was meh- he didn't seem to care if we were there or not and they weren't busy. Usually servers come over after the food has been delivered to see if you need anything and to see how things taste- nope! I had to ask a lady that was clearing dishes for more napkins. I liked my glas of Malbec and the price $6.50 was great along w/ the pour size. My friend had a pint of Oatmeal stout $5.00- she liked it.Our food was good although I found my sandwich bread to be overly buttered which isn't my preference BUT the bacon on the #37 $8.95 was the highlight along w/ the mustard sauce, no mayo. My friend liked her #33 Turkey $8.95Overall, I would return and hope for a more attentive server and would try something else BUT order the same Malbec. Prices are reasonable and it's within walking distance of the Capital."}, {"review_id": "-wWALDqfWVxWdA3WpJsrMw", "user_id": "qAuZ9Qi7iSqukH40iQdWXg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/30/2018", "text": "Always a great stop in Madison!! I think of The Old Fashion as the anchor to all of the great restaurants on the square. It's consistently good, and always packed with both locals and travelers. A good/fun mix with a great selection of cocktails and food.The curds are the best around!"}, {"review_id": "wcFQOBiYlBOer-FSZQ7H_g", "user_id": "_VD870pQZJPqcGd07vxMsg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/18/2018", "text": "Oh CHEESE CURDS, CHEESE CURDS AND CHEESE CURDS...Wisconsin, the state known for its great cheese! You cant leave this state without cheese curds from The Old Fashioned. Its almost given that this restaurant is known for the BEST cheese curds in Madison, WI. Yes, I know there are so many other restaurants that have cheese curds on their menu but this place is probably the best you can get in Madison!I have visited Madison twice in the last 4 months and I think I came here twice just to eat their cheese curds. Their cheese curds are very soft and it melts in your mouth perfectly! With a glass of COLD BEER of your choice, its the best way to end your day after work.They have an extensive menu for lunch and dinner too and supposedly, their gourmet burgers are very tasty as well. I forgot which one but my boyfriend and I tried 2 different burgers and they were both very fulfilling and mouthwatering.Customer service was superb and I really have nothing to complain about their food and service. The restaurant itself is very clean and neatly organized. Only downside about this place is parking. They do not have private parking lot so street parking or public parking is best bet.But anyway, if you are visiting Madison and/or you love fried cheese, please come by The Old Fashioned and try their infamous Cheese Curds! There's usually a long wait for dinner but seats at the bar are available without any wait upon availability!"}, {"review_id": "aFnl3W5qALe_xoZGk2-4IQ", "user_id": "kr_7EGtrbvnXZ0yieK92YQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/1/2018", "text": "This place is located in a sweet area, right across from the capital and surrounded by bars and restaurants. Tap list here is very impressive with 51 beers on draft alone. Cheese curds are excellent and the sandwich I got was amazing!!!"}, {"review_id": "Zaj7BMP2XCWT0ejOBmAh8A", "user_id": "bqhfMozc8Wp1ty_zDOis_w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/23/2018", "text": "Walleye sandwich is amazing.  So much food and delicious.  Can't go wrong with the name sake for a drink either.  Service was great!"}, {"review_id": "EprMHkYM0y0ouROoNzIa3Q", "user_id": "Dl8UzehqTZNMfuGksnvoRQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Not the best, not the worst. Cheese curds here weren't the best ever (I was expecting better quality since this is the holy ground for cheese). Beer flight came in a cool Wisconsin board. Atmosphere is how you would expect from a pub/casual restaurant. My veggie sandwich I would not get again..."}, {"review_id": "ca7alGUd2zPeczMz8AsNdA", "user_id": "boLGreuzOXfreFivRIsbPg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/3/2018", "text": "For the past couple of times, there's always been a long wait at the Old Fashioned, so immediately after work before it's even 5PM, we decided to stop by and sure enough, there was no line! However, it was a cold day, and the seats by the entrance gets a drift of cold air every time someone opens the door.Since it was Friday, I decided to get the Friday fish fry special and got the combo. We also shared an appetizer of cheese curds, which were very airy tasting, delicious in its own way but different from other types of cheese curds that we've tried. the cheese curd tasted light and shall I dare say healthy tasting in essence even in combination with the spicy spinach dip. We also got eight 3-oz tasting beer which was presented on a delightful Wisconsin wooden plate with the number of the beer on a round paper underneath each glass. Unfortunately, eight tiny glasses was too much to try, I'd recommend just trying four next time just for the experience."}, {"review_id": "T6E7b-9CRwdrJl9PURPITg", "user_id": "j-Rhgn6jAwaTcqdmBT1YBg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/4/2018", "text": "Came here for dinner with a group of 8 on a Friday night. I put my name down around 6pm and our table was ready by 6:45pm, which was not bad at all considering I've tried to come here several times before and been deterred by the wait! The snowy weather might have kept some crowds away though. We started off with a round of old fashioneds because it just seemed like the right thing to do. I had a yummy whiskey old fashioned and was also surprised at the reasonable price for the cocktail - just around $6 which seems fair considering they're so busy that they could probably charge more. The Fish Fry I ordered was also yummy and reasonably priced - just under $10 for a couple of perfectly battered and fried pieces of cod, a heaping portion of fries, cole slaw, and a couple pieces of bread. The service was prompt and friendly, and they were able to split our checks for us several different ways without batting an eye. Definitely a great place to go with locals and out of towners alike as long as you plan ahead and know you'll likely be waiting a little bit."}, {"review_id": "7zVUgL0ANrH8wCNhXkvF-w", "user_id": "4Sf5mucplXiJFofMMqfuYA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/1/2018", "text": "This is honestly one of those places that I just don't get the hype. I prefer to come here for a mid-day drink like a mediocre Bloody Mary than wait in line to eat \"meh\" food in a crowded SUPER LOUD atmosphere.Everyone in Madison seems to LOVE this place. Everyone who visits Madison loves it. I've just never had a great experience. It's always so hectic and the sheer volume of it when you walk in the door is enough to make me turn around and walk right out.I will say that the bartenders I've had there are always cool and friendly and talkative which is a huge plus for me. Going there mid-day to have a Bloody Mary and some cheese curds was the most I've enjoyed it. Even though - be prepared for an unpopular opinion - I didn't think the cheese curds were very good. WAY too greasy and kind of gross to be honest. Going there at night with a large group to eat dinner is a very stressful experience.I wouldn't say don't go there... but it's not my favorite spot.Fantastic location for tourists though and a cool interior."}, {"review_id": "KgY4fMCI37tw1wsPv-IpQQ", "user_id": "jrBffP2hdXS6wqXGIBKh-Q", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/27/2018", "text": "Love having breakfast here.  It's well worth doing breakfast here! The pancakes are very good. The bacon is good. I like the breakfast potatoes. The service is as good as anywhere for breakfast."}, {"review_id": "YvWS2APDjhTzjxAq1kcSFA", "user_id": "gK9q-OTSYdllXTkZ2NIQfA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/6/2018", "text": "Probably the most iconic restaurant in Madison. It really captures the essence of the city as it is usually full of a mixture of political hacks, college kids, and large & hungry locals.Everything thing I have ever tried here is good. They have the BEST cheese curds I have ever eaten though. Simply put, I don't believe it is possible to find better curds than here & I am a curds aficionado. Their beer cheese soup is also exceptional. They have great burgers and sausage & I have always been partial to their fried walleye. The place is almost as much watering hole as it is restaurant, but if you really want to get the Madison experience, this is your place. Also, get the curds...they will change your life."}, {"review_id": "WkG-WgRFCLr1uaKsOXIFMA", "user_id": "XcvMD4bditrxbGcFUmDCyQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/15/2018", "text": "Oh, The Old Fashioned, you are one of my favorites in Madison! I've had my fair share of visits, and I've been sure to try different menu items each time I go (and I've still got items on my must-try list!): Drinks: - The Classic Old Fashioned: the best. Can't go wrong with this -- although I like mine to be made as a brandy sour rather than the usual brandy sweetDinner:- No. 20 - Plump Door County cherries, Buttermilk Blue cheese and toasted almonds tossed with mixed greens and brandy vinaigrette: I added chicken to mine to make this a more filling meal and I loved it! Wasn't too heavy, the dressing was great, and they definitely don't skimp on the cherries or almonds. Overall a simple but lovely salad, in my opinion- No. 23 - Grill-seared Norwegian salmon with Bavaria's hickory-smoked bacon, cucumber, shaved red onion, deviled egg, mixed greens and tarragon vinaigrette: okay I LOVE this salad! It's so good. Has a lot of great flavors, and definitely a smokey taste with the bacon in there. It's delicious. Would probably choose this over the cherry salad if I had to!- No. 27 - Prime Rib Sandwich - Hot, shaved prime rib, sauteed with mushrooms, onions, red peppers and topped with provolone cheese, tiger sauce & pickles on Clasen's Bakery sesame seed roll: Also good. Asked for the pickles on the side, and overall I liked it! It was pretty messy though. A lot of liquid seeped through to the bottom of the sandwich, making the bottom half of the roll very soggy. The beef was so tender though! - No. 30 - The Old Fashioned House Burger-grilled over a live fire and topped with fried onions, Bavaria's hickory-smoked bacon, aged Cheddar, garlic sauce and a soft-cooked egg on a buttered and toasted roll: THE BEST! Man oh man this burger was the first burger I've ever had with an egg on it and it changed my life. Would not recommend for a first date though. It's fairly messy to eat and you need about ten napkins to keep your hands clean, if you're constantly picking up and setting down the burger between bites! I mean you definitely can hold it the whole time too... but your burger might be gone within a minutes because it's that good. I loved it, as you can tell. For sure get this when you're comfortable enough with your eating partner(s) to be a bit messy and egg-yolky :)- No. 33 - Shaved hickory-smoked turkey breast with tiger sauce, Provolone cheese and leaf lettuce on country bread: I really liked this sandwich! It was a lot bigger than I had expected it to be -- I was extremely full after eating the whole thing, and I definitely could have gone with saving half to go. It's got good flavor with the tiger sauce, and the country bread is toasted and soft and wonderful!Brunch:- No. 1 - Wisconsin Benedict - A toasted Wolfermann's English Muffin with your choice of a Miesfeld Market bratwurst patty or grilled market vegetables. Topped with a sunny side up egg, whole grain mustard cream and rosemary potatoes: YUM!! I had just a single of this benedict and opted for the bratwurst patty. Wow it was deeeeelicious. I loved every bite! The single serving definitely filled me up, with the help of the rosemary potatoes. Those are so good! Bottom line is that you won't be disappointed here. I'm excited to come here and try more brunch options, as well as have a go at my favorite salad and burger again! Much love to the Old Fashioned :)"}, {"review_id": "zoZwZvMZbTTXl0H4YOsQzQ", "user_id": "lmxp3ZtAcU7afMm_JrSfww", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/8/2018", "text": "I think this is one of those rare occasions where the hype has been earned.  I will now list some things I adore about the Old Fashioned: The onion strings and dipping sauces, the salad with door county cherries and salmon, the Walleye Sandwich.  You know the kind of the place- you have a favorite dish or two, and occasionally their beckoning calls creep into your dreams. The downside: CROWDED, difficult parking."}, {"review_id": "23U6xzzu8zwhCMOn0Bjb_w", "user_id": "wNLZnNNLV8rOGiPjqMPVdQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/13/2018", "text": "I like Old Fashioned a lot! I've been here a handful of times and every time has been pleasant. Good atmosphere, friendly staff, DELICIOUS food!The cheese curds seem to be a huge favorite among others, but for me they are just, meh. Don't get me wrong, they are quite yummy - but not the best I've ever had. Definitely not the best in Madison as I have heard others proclaim. Just a little too greasy for me. Wine Slush is amazing. It tastes more like a red wine sangria, has hints of fruit in it. It is so good. Even in the middle of winter with 12° temps outside, it's a great choice. I tried the chicken and biscuits today. OMG. So good. And huge!! BF got a burger which looked great. The fries that came with were seriously some of the most perfect fries I've ever had. Gets pretty busy in the evenings, especially when there are sporting events. We came in around 4 on a Saturday which was perfect timing. By the time we were leaving it was getting very loud and crowded, though our meal was pretty quiet and calm. Definitely recommend!"}, {"review_id": "rBedllMMnzIxAwsbYY3oUQ", "user_id": "P_Zde35CGpwramd-lNA2wg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/2/2018", "text": "One of the best old fashioned drinks in the city along with an incredible order of cheese curds-can you get more Wisconsin than this??? Yep- they alsohave bratwurst!!!  Not only this but there is an amazing selection of Wisconsin beers to boot!Looking for something a bit lighter- I love the Door County Cherry salad with chicken... so good!"}, {"review_id": "d6bikS4gr7rwlPNzVBJ-rQ", "user_id": "n8UBcFjbterExm9xTL34Sg", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/2/2018", "text": "We came here for lunch after visiting the university. The menu immediately cozied up to me with its eight choices of old fashions and burgers. We ordered the cheese curds as an appetizer while we perused the menu, and they set the bar high for the rest of the meal. We all agreed they were probably the best we'd ever had!I ordered the Applejack Old Fashioned, which was probably in my top three favorite Old Fashions I've ever tried, and I'm pretty picky when it comes to that cocktail, and I'm always on the hunt for the \"best\" one. For food, I ordered the Spicy Burger (No. 29) and added a Fried Egg on top because I couldn't decide between No. 29 and No. 30 (The House Special) and this seemed like a good compromise. It was delicious, and probably one of the juiciest burgers I've had in a long time, and not juicy in a gross way. The only thing that let me down was the fries that came with the burger. They were pretty bland and kind of hard, without being crunchy. They weren't that great. I should've got the cheese curds as the side instead of just the fries. Although my girlfriend got the side salad and that was pretty good too. The selection of beers should be enough for anyone to be satisfied."}, {"review_id": "kGyD7Zp2LVuIr-CO8ZS32Q", "user_id": "8wDDyQc7d8Nk-SLpZWXGgQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "11/30/2017", "text": "Who doesn't love a good old fashioned? I come here for 4 reasons: 1. Cheese Curds - Y E S 2. Hot Toddy - a warm boozy drink, believe me in Madison...in the winter...you'll need it3. Old fashioned - they have like 10 to choose from, come on now...how awesome is that 4. warmth - back to step 2Servers are nice, drinks are good, and the cheese curds are scrumptious.  Not sure how the food is, I've never ordered a main entree.      It's one of my must visit places when I'm in WI. Cheers!"}, {"review_id": "gJrzu8yksxa3Q1VFqOiSeA", "user_id": "c08OZnnfrVD9I4SBZaJK5g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/28/2018", "text": "Delicious. Down side is that everyone seems to come here before a show. Sunday night, still had a 20 minute wait for two people. Plan accordingly. Had a chicken-bacon sandwich on fresh sandwich bread. Absolutely amazing, cooked perfectly, right proportion of mustard to flavor. Tried the cheesecurds because everyone mentions them, but honestly, not impressed. My guess is that they are 70% breading to 30% cheese. Its the beer-batter kind of breading. I should have gone with the fries. Excellent service from our waitress. Fast, pleasant but not chatty. Super quick with the check when asked."}, {"review_id": "Nh_ZlfABRv75pXrraKhllg", "user_id": "2hCxkioZCYpN0cUi4-SNnw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "4/16/2018", "text": "Servings are huge, I'll give them that. I picked this place for my weekend trip to Madison because it felt appropriately Wisconsin-esque, with the much-hyped cheese curds and substantial beer list (which I didn't get--I'll admit maybe that would have swayed my rating a bit). We arrived at 6:15 on a Saturday, and already the wait was insanely long. After about a half hour, we were seated in the hustle and bustle of the main room, amongst what I'm guessing must be like 300 patrons at any given time (in the multiple rooms on the multiple floors). Seriously, the place is huge. I guess that's maybe why it felt a bit like a factory of sorts. It was so loud, and I felt like until I was seated, I was constantly in someone's way, whether I was being jostled by a server balancing plates, someone standing at the bar with a beer, or another person trying to find a spot to wait in the warm room until the table was ready.Our waiter was rushed and barely stopped by our table at all, but he was certainly nice. We got the onion haystack to start, and like I said before, the serving was way more than expected. Between the two of us, we maybe made it through half of the appetizer. My husband got the mac n' cheese, which was good but not amazing, and I got the salmon salad, which was similarly good but not amazing. So in short, the food was decent, service was decent, but nothing about the place was stellar enough that I could understand the hype. That, plus a wall of hungry faces staring at you in the hope that you'll hurry up and vacate your table made for, at most, a decent dinner."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/the-old-fashioned-madison?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]