[[{"review_id": "wYHFZw_uR63b_IBcIvwvLg", "user_id": "0KonHN1_VHWh0L5tGA6TJw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/30/2018", "text": "Blue's Egg is the gold standard for breakfast/brunch in the Milwaukee area. Don't believe me? I dare you to go there on a weekend and not encounter the mass amounts of people waiting in line to eat there who wholeheartedly agree with the above statement.I don't go as much as I would like because 1. Crowds. 2. I'm stupidly trying to go to other places in hopes they are equally as amazing but failing to find it (here's looking at you Sweet Diner). But on this occasion I was dying to get some of that delicious breakfast in my face. And guess what, it was epic goodness!My friend and I waited the long ass wait. Both starving to death after the Lucky Leprechaun run in Tosa. Finally! Our table was ready. Since we were both famished and having been there numerous times before we were able to order pretty quick. I managed to get one of the benny specials. Ha-ha! That never happens! And my friend also ordered one of the specials with a side of browns. Our food arrived and duh, amazing! I honestly think my friend inhaled hers and I savored the flavor of the Benny special. Our server was pleasant and quick. Filled coffee and water as needed. She even informed me that I got the last Langred Benny special!  Even though they did forget the side of browns my friend ordered it wasn't a huge deal and she took care of it right away. Blue's Egg is still the best in my book. I've tried to find it elsewhere and just haven't. The search continues but I know I'll end up right back here soon!"}, {"review_id": "XM6eZp7ivA5GgTDAUMYWGw", "user_id": "QPXIU02iT0DbAG1asAjIbQ", "rating": 2.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "First off, the food is VERY good, and if it were even approaching average, this review would have been a 1 star. However, I cannot get over the awful service we received. I get it, this place is popular, but cmon, a 2 hour wait for brunch? I would have never entertained the idea of waiting, but we were quoted 1 hour. Ordered a bloody, sat outside, and waited. And waited. And waited. Started asking the hostess after the hour was up, and could not get a straight answer on what was going on. Pretty sure after 2 hours they had given our table/spot on the list to someone else. We would have walked out, but at that point, you are in the age old bind of \"well I spent 1.5 hours here, might as well at least enjoy some part of it\". Once we were finally seated after 2 hours, service was SLOOOOOW. I understand food needing time to be prepped, but 15 minutes to take our drink order, another 15 for food, 20 minutes after done eating to get our check..... It adds up.Once again, great food, but I'm sorry, I don't see the worth in excellent food when it takes FOUR HOURS start to finish to complete a dining experience."}, {"review_id": "ELEOzvNG2Oq03DPn1qfN4w", "user_id": "UPle7XyZr6ujwgCD6tRN3g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/7/2018", "text": "Service: 4/5. My friend and I went to blue's egg on a busy Sunday morning. We were able to check in early using the app, making our wait time only 10 minutes by the time we arrived. The waitress was efficient and nice. Decor: 5/5. The location had beautiful decorations related to the city of Milwaukee. The layout was very well done.Food: 4/5. I ordered the chicken chorizo omlette with a side of chocolate chip pancakes and iced raspberry mocha. My friend ordered the french toast. I was a huge fan of the omlette. All the ingredients worked very well together. The pancakes, however, were nothing special. My friend loved her french toast, saying it had the perfect amount of sweetness.I would definitely recommend this place to others, and plan on returning."}, {"review_id": "Xbwii2x0ycMU7qPfpC9how", "user_id": "7YzWunPYijpD6rZ9DzHb8w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/24/2018", "text": "In town with my daughter picking her up at the train station and was also able to meet a life long friend out for breakfast.  Saw reviews of Blue's Egg and had to try it.Wow, am I glad we stopped.  While waiting for our table in line, one of the employees went out of his way to comment on my daughter's shirt and said, \"Hey, I like that shirt, did you get tickets already??\" and with that, he hands her a delicious peanut butter cookie covered in chocolate.  Wow, very thoughtful.When seated, our server was super friendly and spot on.  She asked if we had been here, which we hadn't been.  She proceeded to highlight the dishes they're best known for:  Monkey Bread, Ham (brined 21 days), and Stuffed Hash Browns.  Easy sell!I went for the \"Blue's Classic Eggs Benedict\"; which is poached eggs, pulled ham, house made English muffin, and hollandaise sauce.  Yes, House Made muffin!  That's a first for me, and it was excellent.  The eggs were done just as I like them.  The pulled ham was so flavorful.  I was very impressed with this meal.  I also got to choose one side from about 20 choices; figured I should get one of my most favorite breakfast items... halved and sectioned grapefruit (and even served with vanilla sugar.) served on the half.  I eat this often at home but have never in my life had it offered at a restaurant.  Thank you.  My daughter and I shared the \"Monkey Bread\" as a starter.  We were really glad that we got to try that.  It has a rich caramel sauce served with it but you can also choose to upgrade that sauce too.As mentioned, the service was perfect, even the guy that delivered our meals was friendly and in a great mood.  I have stumbled onto a new favorite breakfast spot, thanks to Yelp.  I only wish that I lived closer so we could come more often.  I'll be back and will be working my way through their menu."}, {"review_id": "B48tr1luRIDjaUAPHEHQ5w", "user_id": "B3ntEKRqQfoRvaK2B5QI4A", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/21/2018", "text": "This is the kind of place where you every single thing on the menu looks amazing and  even after 20 minutes, two conversations with the server and skimming Yelp reviews you still can't decide what to order. Thank goodness you can order coffee and monkey bread, Bloody Marys and mimosas while you ponder. The Bloody Mary came with a High Life chaser (how Milwaukee!) The monkey bread came with bourbon sauce, like monkey bread wasn't rich and decadent enough! And that seems to be the theme here. Take a usual kind of thing and then add something that puts it over the top. I loved my Dubliner eggs Benedict, my friend ordered off the specials menu the flavor combinations in both were unique and unexpected in a good  way. The atmosphere, table setting, service were all top notch. This place is totally worth the wait you will probably endure to get a table."}, {"review_id": "tXM90LSiK8f24SQJsQjLuw", "user_id": "pEb2Gx5IMdDfZXHe-coXMQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/10/2018", "text": "My sister adores this place so very much, she is also using the rewards card. I'm not Too courageous to blindly taste too many foods so I can usually find simple breakfast along with \"gastro pub\" styled breakfast/brunch  here. This place uses the yelp interface for registration They told me even though I was pre registered for a table of 7 that all 7 must be present to be seated at the table. In a waiting time of 45 minutes.  Well a big surprise was as soon as we ordered our drinks the table opened up earlier than expected so slam your drinks and get across the street as our group of 7 it wasn't easy to do but we managed. Yet I'm still a fan of integrated yelp reservation.  So waiting across the street has plenty of space and low priced drinks.This place is usually packed the entry is a virtual gauntlet to squeeze through. Is this a good sign? I'd say yes.  Over all the food is great service was above average parking can be tight especially on the weekends.  Be warned that the bank has been known to toe even on the weekends. Pro tip on hash browns if you them extra crispy order it that way. They will accommodate special requests. 7/2018 Food 5Amb 5Service 5Location 4Value 5"}, {"review_id": "OiD1w4Izd58ZaHKYUG_vyQ", "user_id": "vdiCh44bufPzAIHE8xdYkQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/5/2018", "text": "Great breakfast/brunch place. Apparently this is usually very crowded, but we came close to closing time and they were very gracious about seating us right away and serving us quickly. We had the homemade corn beef hash and a breakfast burrito; both were excellent. Portions are huge, so order accordingly. Will be back."}, {"review_id": "v4lGISXAmnntc4GVA3r3MA", "user_id": "Kbz9G5UuXcDDKt7o8mI0nA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "2/19/2018", "text": "I am still not sure what the big deal about this place is.  I have been here three times and it is average at best.  Most recently, I had the Classic Benedict with their house-made ham.  The ham was favor less and  the English muffin was doughy and tasted of heavy malt or yeast.  A lesson in ham could be had at Morel.  For breakfast food I would prefer someplace like the Café At the Plaza, Comet Cafe, or Simple Cafe."}, {"review_id": "8DSBQgnCx6VCeCzDUVMMmw", "user_id": "Nrss0KsMwwItRHvP2-aveg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/11/2018", "text": "This place was FABULOUS. I've only heard good things about Blue's Eggs, so I wanted to check it out for myself. We went around 1 pm - and still had breakfast! We started off with the monkey bread and it had a whiskey caramel sauce to dip in. This was so delicious I couldn't handle it! I put the extra whiskey sauce in my coffee (recommendation from our waitress!). For my main course I had the chicken chorizo omelette with hash browns that were stuffed with onions and cheddar cheese. This was my FAVORITE! Our service was terrific and we were always being checked up on. I would love to go back.PS. Good coffee too!"}, {"review_id": "S5u6-tsgfUksuYKqlGa0Ew", "user_id": "1AbFU1fNyM_1gBB9S51NSA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/27/2018", "text": "Yum yum yum! This place was amazing! Tried the lemon cheesecake French toast and was NOT disappointment! Honey vanilla latte and banana foster latte were THE BEST coffee drinks I've had in a while...like, making a special stop to have morning coffee only best drink! If I lived here, I would be happily fat from daily French toast and coffee drinks"}, {"review_id": "Y6IRzPZMVblW54MvRHGEbQ", "user_id": "e2JlgIkj0QYaStZF2fenNg", "rating": 5.0, "date": "5/9/2018", "text": "Bloodys, goat cheese hash browns, monkey bread...nothing more needs to be said! Our go to brunch spot!"}, {"review_id": "T8Nw0gIbyuSxHYo8xeDbAA", "user_id": "vb2c3KennXSghR1WG4W9XA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "3/10/2018", "text": "This place is a cute little breakfast/brunch place. I'm from California and absolutely loove a good breakfast place. I am definitely not used to such bug portions for such a small price but this place is 100% worth it! I intend on returning(and hopefully with more friends next time) because the food here tasted amazing. I had the Chorizo Omelette and was pleasantly surprised with the size of the omelette, in fact, it is the biggest omelette I've ever had. My friend has the stuffed hash browns and blueberry french toast. We both were beyond pleased with the amazing quality, taste, and temperature of the food. In addition, our waiter Josh, I believe his name was, is very kind and friendly. He was helpful in helping us choose what to eat, as well as charismatic. Blue's is lucky to have him!"}, {"review_id": "MXj0CXlKCMCpmqSWwSJhyw", "user_id": "MN6vTCeRKWU44M7xwhQc7w", "rating": 5.0, "date": "10/16/2017", "text": "Blue's Egg is serving up some of the best breakfast/brunch eats in the entire MKE Metro. Seriously.Here's what you're going to want to do:It's the weekend. You think to yourself--some brunch sounds like a mighty fine idea.Because, brunch always sounds like a mighty fine idea.Know that on any given Sunday (or Saturday, for that matter), Blue's Egg has a bit of a wait. They're good. What did you expect? This past Sunday, the wait was over an hour. Again, they're really, really good.So, you'll want to get on your trusty Yelp app (from the comfort of your own home. Maybe, even from the comfort of your own pjs and unicorn slipper socks....in my case, anyway). And, get yourself on the wait list (yep...this can be done on the Yelp app). It will then tell you how long until you'll need to check in with the hostess. In my case, it was 30+ minutes later. Great. 15 more minutes of unicorn slipper sock wearing before I have to put on actual shoes for the day.You get there. You get seated. You're going to want to order coffee. Why?Because, they serve Valentine coffee. Which, as you know, is a local coffee roaster that brews the stuff caffeinated daydreams are made of.Then, you're going to want to order Monkey Bread. And, when they ask you if you'd like to \"crunk it.\" You would, my friends. You would most definitely like to crunk it. Crunking it provides a ridiculously delicious bourbon sauce to dip the already saucy bread into. It's too much sauce, you'll think. Do I really want that much sauce?Then, you'll slap your own forehead. Because, you'll have remembered there's no such thing as too much sauce.  Then you'll order literally any darn thing on the menu and it will be splendid. Some of my favorites are the goat cheese stuffed hash browns, the breakfast sandwich, and the roasted mushroom strata. But, really? I've never had a disappointing order from Blue's Egg.Though always busy, the wait staff never rushes you and is always lovely and completely accommodating. Get to it!"}, {"review_id": "OG7RXH8Dc9Uvq18BWzQPzw", "user_id": "9BG57LYNDfZVStY3h9ihPQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "10/8/2017", "text": "Read reviews before coming to Milwaukee and was excited to try this place.It's always a good sign when there is a wait for a restaurant.  Waiting isn't too bad when you use the in-app e-line.  We waited outside and got a text when our table was ready.  It helps that they have a bar outside that offers mimosas and Bloody Marys (with a high life chaser).  I have to say that I appreciate that the servers and owners don't have a big head because of the following they have.  Some establishments can be a real pain in the butt and high and mighty on their following.  This place is down to earth, and I like that.  They offer free coffee. FREE.COFFEE.  Yes, that drink that has an upcharge of about 1000% everywhere else, here it is free. The food is pretty good, and the service is very friendly.  Our server, Josh was very friendly and attentive. We had the crab cakes and the Chinameca eggs benedict (part of their specials menu).  We also tried their pumpkin spiced latte.The crab cakes were tasty- buttered challah, two crab cake patties, and poached eggs.  Cut into the eggs and have that gooey yolk go all over the crab cake and damn! Delicious. The Chinameca was also very good, and it came with a side of hash browns.  There was something buttery sweet about the hashbrowns that was so delicious.  We also had a side of pancake- it was buttery, fluffy, and just the perfect amount of doughy. The spiced pumpkin latte was more on the sweet side, but it was very good as well."}, {"review_id": "ZtUfFCUw8GCm3uKfPcKnhg", "user_id": "nZLHccy4NIm039nissVuTw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "8/26/2017", "text": "I doubt there's very much that I can add here, since there's already a myriad of reviews. I can start off by saying something that can probably be echoed by many: I have tried many times to come here, only to walk away in disappointment because the wait list read like the Wauwatosa phone book. I simply refuse to wait that long for anything so I haven't been here until the other day.Thursday last, I was on assignment in Wauwatosa, not too far from Blue's Egg and found myself at 11:45 with free time until 1:00 PM. I decided to risk it, and Yelp told me there was a 15-20 minute wait. I could have been seated immediately at the counter, but seats without a backrest don't do it for me, so I opted to wait for a table. The wait was not quite 15 minutes.I had water immediately and Nicole came right after to explain the menu choices. We discussed my personal preferences/needs and she made some suggestions. I opted for the egg salad sandwich (this IS Blue's EGG, after all) and was delighted to learn that I could choose something other than French fries as a side dish. I opted for a mini-fruit smoothie, which turned out to be a marvelous option! (Except for the raspberry seeds, which I was picking out of my teeth all afternoon - but worth it!) Nicole brought out a dish with grapes, butter and jam to go with my meal. I topped it off with my signature glass of chocolate milk.As soon as Nicole brought my sandwich, I knew I would be taking most of it with me. Egg bread (of course) toasted to perfection, egg salad piled high, topped with tomato and spinach.  The egg salad is, as you would expect, eggsellent, with a hint of some spice that one doesn't usually encounter in plain ol' egg salad. The egg bread is tasty and I heartily enjoyed it.As I suspected, I took most of it home in an aluminum tray, which was identified and dated so if it is in the refrigerator several [ ] days [ ] weeks [ ] months (choose one) from now, it can be identified as a science project without being opened. No need to worry about my sandwich taking on a life of its own as it has been completely demolished since then, but the identification and date on the package is a nice touch.I had a great experience, the delay to get in wasn't agonizingly long, Nicole is a gem and credit to the wait staff, and I greatly enjoyed my sandwich. I hope I can return someday for a shot at being served more breakfast than I can eat. Yelp needs more photos from Blue's Egg like I need a Saturn III rocket in my back yard, but here's my egg salad sandwich for your review. Enjoying another one would be even better."}, {"review_id": "wiVhjA8apqBCYv2yL1T61g", "user_id": "JyIBPas2r3Fw_5Bx-0Mgiw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/20/2018", "text": "Best brunch in the greater Milwaukee area hands down. The daily specials are some of their best dishes, but the only down side is depending when you go they might not have your favorite that day or they might be out if you come near the end of the morning. Everything I've had here is great and my favorite coffee drink there is the Nutella latte. Join the wait list on yelp in the morning to save yourself some time and not have to wait at the actual restaurant as long."}, {"review_id": "qC_ZNCSwkkvy8ZufMyRX1g", "user_id": "y8jJV4AeH6ZEBagQ_ys8KQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "10/14/2017", "text": "Their cheddar and hash browns was delicious- crispy with gooey cheese mixed in and extra cheese on top- so good! I love how they're generous with everything- I got plain toast with my dish and they serve you a plate with house made strawberry, whipped butter and a bunch of grapes! Their monkey bread was pretty good but I thought it was a bit on the dry side although the sauce it came with wade it moist. My root veggie hash was good- roasted potatoes, beets and other goodies topped with avocado, spinach and two poached eggs- it was a great combination of yummy ingredients!"}, {"review_id": "XEet4LcsWCfXr-Z2k0h1Uw", "user_id": "w0XW5nJRMxemkomIjOHMZA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/10/2018", "text": "Blue's Egg has a fantastic menu! The English muffins and the monkey bread is wonderful.I can't say enough about the breakfast selection. It's overwhelming how many good choices there are, and you are not going to find anything you would love.Their seating system is the best I've seen at ANY other restaurant!! Don't forget to put yourself on the waiting list from Yelp, and watch yourself count down for seating!"}, {"review_id": "ubxaeCDbkZHXo4zn_Qfuxg", "user_id": "jL1FcV-fO2s3N83PgMljUQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/2/2018", "text": "We came here for brunch on the weekend before St. Patrick's Day. They had many Irish themed specials, and I ordered the Irish egg Benedict while my boyfriend ordered the Blue's classic Benedict. We also ordered the pulled ham stuffed hash browns and the monkey bread, which we \"crunked.\" The monkey bread was dangerous, and the hash was good but had too much ham. The baked beans that came with my meal also had pulled ham, which also was to much for me. My Benedict was decent and so was my boyfriend's. The service was good and the restaurant was packed. I recommend to anyone interested to use the yelp waitlist option before heading over because there was a long wait. Overall it was a good way to start the day."}, {"review_id": "1N69eQHE326MigVvlclK7g", "user_id": "0OoXzdK_ZFl0iw6KG5znGw", "rating": 3.0, "date": "9/14/2017", "text": "Been here several times now... every time has been very nice. But not as great as everyone else seems to think. Don't get me wrong, I still like it... but just not oh-my-god-this-is-the-best-brunch-place-ever. This last visit, I had the Hoppel Poppel, and enjoyed it very much. This was my favorite dish so far!Hubby had the corned beef and hash with toast and poached egg. He thought that the \"hash\" meant hash browns, but apparently only their \"browns\" mean hash browns. \"Hash\" just means boiled potatoes. So he was not impressed. Friends had pancakes - and these were delicious! I just personally need more than just pancakes for brunch... like protein... haha. But the pancakes were fluffy and perfectly done with just the right crustiness. Another friend had the French toast - and these were also awesome! I would get this next time I go as a side or something. Perfectly caramelized where it needed to be, and not overly sweet or too soft. Another friend had the crab cake - and she said it was good, except that it came with a salad, and a salad is just not a brunch item. It felt more like a lunch item. Atmosphere is not the best. They have another location (Story Hill BKC) that is so much prettier. This place has good food. But for a date, I'd take her to the other location."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/blues-egg-milwaukee?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]