[[{"review_id": "287PDkKWQWy265j4r2NP0Q", "user_id": "DCmEXQ9KW5A35eFekKuVVA", "rating": 5.0, "date": "2/16/2018", "text": "I've been here for dinner multiple times now, and have yet to be disappointed (not that I expect to!). The staff is very friendly and service is fast. I think I've been in and out in less than an hour when we had a show to catch nearby!The food is delicious and there are plenty of vegetarian/vegan options to choose from. I've had the mac and cheese at least twice and absolutely love it!The ambiance here is very home-y and low key - what you'd expect from a family-owned diner. I love it."}, {"review_id": "xRcyBkn3LyTuelOD7Dw89g", "user_id": "rRrFcSEZOTw6iZagsIwTFQ", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/25/2018", "text": "I had high expectations for this diner, but unfortunately, I was highly disappointed with my meal. I ordered the Vegetarian Hash, which is actually vegan. It came with tofu scramble and a tempeh-laden potato hash. I was very excited to try this as the description sounded amazing and it looked SO good in the pictures. There was no flavor! How on earth do you mess up potatoes, onions, and tempeh! Those flavors just naturally compliment each other. Not here. And my hash had mushrooms in it, despite there being no mention of mushrooms on the menu's description. I hate mushrooms! The tofu was also flavorless.  To add insult to injury, they piled 4 slices of dry ass toast atop this dish. Like, why? The only good thing about this visit was the vegan milkshake. My shake consisted of vegan chocolate chip ice cream, chocolate sauce, and a cherry on top. They didn't have vegan whip cream but I didn't really miss it. The shake was thick, rich, and delicious. They also give you a lot for the money. That shake was worth an extra star all by itself.I would come in just for one of their delicious vegan milkshakes, but that's about it."}, {"review_id": "s0yvdcbS2wPAo_Hil83Nmw", "user_id": "oCKtbgKBtYb44q1zqqefNA", "rating": 3.0, "date": "3/10/2018", "text": "Vegan food options!Okay so I walked up to this place and was pleasantly suprised - it is a REAL diner! So cool! I ordered on the phone and was just stopping in to grab food. It is a busy place, decent size inside but it seemed full up. My food was ready and although busy the waitress was pleasant. I ordered the Sheldon (their vegan reuban) and strawberry rhubarb pie. Prices are fair! It is in a good location. Many other restuarants, bars and little shops around. I would have loved to have been with a gaggle of girls, dressed in 50s clothes to fully enjoy the diner atmosphere. They have a few different vegan options available. The Sheldon was okay, not really a rueben. I would eat it again just not with such high expectations (sorry nothing has yet to come close to Chicago Diners amazing rueben). Bread  was good, the meat was just slices of tofu... and they tasted lemony, then the sourkraut and the sauce was just... veganaise. I havent tried the pie yet but it looks good!Id try it again. Happy to try new foods and cute places!"}, {"review_id": "tJDzpp0Ml18E2h1AydXTrA", "user_id": "LbJcCxgG4Xq6QHbSe3GQIQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "5/8/2018", "text": "Favorite late night pie fix. Anytime of the day breakfast option. For me it's a toss up between the Blue Plate Burger and Chicken in a pie, but lots of vegetarian option if that's what you NEED! Love the wait staff."}, {"review_id": "8Tl4YXFH5nCctFoMGd9REQ", "user_id": "claV_wXYEgojvBrRodrSGQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/24/2017", "text": "I've never been to Monty's Blue Plate Diner and not seen it full of people, so prepare yourself. We waited for about half an hour for a table and then sat down and our waitress was extremely friendly and attentive to our needs.I had the zucchini and potato pancakes served up with some applesauce and sour cream, a truly great hangover remedy! I would have liked my pancakes to be a crispier because they kind of melded together and the applesauce was overpoweringly sweet.The real winner for me was the banana cream pie; although it's $5 for a slice, it's a pretty yummy slice and I was glad that the portion wasn't huge. The banana cream wasn't too sweet the crust was flaky, and it capped off a good meal. I saw they had some pretty extensive vegan options, so this is a great place to swing by if vegan food is your jam!"}, {"review_id": "qcbGhUaj1oYGwmCzZoXS-A", "user_id": "wNLZnNNLV8rOGiPjqMPVdQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "11/27/2017", "text": "I love Monty's. I've been coming to Monty's for years now, and if you haven't checked it out yet, you are seriously missing out. The restaurant itself it super cute. Small diner with booths and some tables, as well as counter service. Blue lighting up on the ceiling ties into the the Blue Plate theme. A collection of adorable tea pots up the walls. Love it. The food is amazing. Monty's offers food for everyone: carnivores, veggies, vegans, gluten sensitive.... Whatever you're diet or needs, they got you. I've had several dishes and I have enjoyed them all. I think my favorite to date though would be the Eggs Mornay. The Mornay sauce is so creamy and delicious! Both of the french toast options are delicious. The Huevos Rancheros are done very well. Honestly I don't think I have ever had anything other than breakfast here, but the hamburgers I have seen served look AMAZING. Big and juicy. On the last visit, the BF got the chicken pot pie, which also looked fantastic. Done a little differently than most pot pies - it looked he was served a slice of a large pot pie, instead of a little single serving. Pretty neat! He gobbled it up and said it was great. Overall, Monty's is a staple to Madison's Atwood neighborhood and I love it. Again, if you haven't tried it yet, please do. You will not be disappointed."}, {"review_id": "_PkxlSBeZVomWu8icGIkyA", "user_id": "adoSpjq7cG2tSN3T1B65iA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/17/2018", "text": "Great food! I've gone here a few times and have never been dissatisfied. The first time was before a show across the street, it was busy for sure! We were seated promptly and our server was friendly. I ordered a wrap and fries. Pretty great! The second time was more recently and it was a great time. No line, no wait. The server was slow but the food was amazing! I got the veggie meatloaf with mashed potatoes. This was to die for! I've never had something like this and it was flavorful, creamy, and delicious. The food came out in a timely manner, which was great. We sat for awhile until it got busy. The overall experience was good. This dinner feel reminded me of Middleton's famous restaurant. This one is right up there, and I will definitely go back!"}, {"review_id": "60xmo8P4hSBW2XoqowSwMg", "user_id": "hg037J_0sVd32UjkCw24Dw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/26/2018", "text": "It's impossible to have a bad meal at Monty's. I've never actually met him... but he is on to something! Why do I love it?1. They have vegan shakes! Yes, vegan... now as a lactose intolerant vegetarian this was music to my ears. I ordered a vegan shake with walnuts and banana's. Oh em gee.... they give you a glass and a half. It's a lot. It could put you in a diabetic coma but who cares. I took it home and it took me 2 days to finish. Yes, it was a cheat day but I wasn't going for a setback.2. They have/had vegetarian gravy. It was a special item on the menu one day - one of the best biscuits and veggie gravy I have ever had!3. They have a TON of vegetarian options.... in fact too many. My indecisive excited brain just can't make up my mind. My hubby dare not order the same thing I do - because we have to share. We have brought our friends from Chicago here and they loved it as well."}, {"review_id": "-DkIMTCsxcSafe0BFyT50Q", "user_id": "Wtqs33i70BpWFzlOlL5hfg", "rating": 1.0, "date": "4/16/2018", "text": "I was told this place had great food and killer chocolate malts. I have never been so disappointed in looking at food. I ordered corn beef hash and since I was on a job a block away I figured I'd get the food to go. Literally a 30 second walk to the office. The corn beef hash was more small cut up potato hash with a bit of square pieces of some meat that had no taste. The entire thing was nasty. Let's get to this awesome chocolate malt. I pulled off the paper from the straw after walking out the door only to get a chocolate milk not a chocolate malt. Considering it's 26° outside this couldn't have melted from the door to the street. I really like eating in different cities each week but this was the worst experience I've had in years."}, {"review_id": "F9XcUwyYfl-vVMhVPaVeIw", "user_id": "gOBemMfKRfpvJkz9OIw6aw", "rating": 4.0, "date": "1/8/2018", "text": "Monty's was and always is, pretty grand. Are you looking for a greasy spoon diner? Monty's is your place. Are you looking for an affordable restaurant with MANY vegan options? Monty's is your place. On our most recent visit, I decided to go full vegan and order off that menu (yes, there's an entire menu of vegan options). I got the vegetarian hash and added almond cheese to the tofu scramble. Others at the table tried everything from the sweet potato hash to the chilaquiles. We also ordered some drinks and pies for dessert. Monty's is in an old gas station and there are cute, blue tables to sit outside when it's nice out. Overall, it's a very quaint little diner. The only thing that's frustrating is that there's almost always a wait and it gets very crowded in the waiting area. I did look up the menu online before going and it looks like the website had some outdated prices for some of the menu items."}, {"review_id": "CA_9gYlMEze8OY4v0nspEQ", "user_id": "4Sf5mucplXiJFofMMqfuYA", "rating": 2.0, "date": "2/1/2018", "text": "Monty's is one of those places that is WAY over hyped and I think that doesn't help it.I've been here ONCE. One time. Ever. And I've never gone back. I lived 2 blocks away for three years and I now live on the end of Willy (still relatively close) and still have not gone back. It's been around 4 years since my first visit.The food was by no means terrible. The service was fine. I was WAY put off by having to eat outside when it was 1,000 degrees out. It's ALWAYS busy. Always. They don't have enough places to sit and I would imagine not nearly enough places to park. The food was mediocre, at best. The service left PLENTY to be desired. We waited FOREVER to be sat, then waited forever to order, then waited forever to get our food.Then our food wasn't even good and the bill was way too high for the meh experience we had.I would really like to try it again. On paper, it's everything I love. Greasy spoon. Local. Close to my house. Vegetarian friendly. But the experience I had there was enough to keep me from ever going back, sadly.Maybe I'll work up the courage to give it another chance at some point."}, {"review_id": "CF75xFAI3rWKFumxq6umxw", "user_id": "dxnaNew02Mu_391Xi1z2cQ", "rating": 4.0, "date": "4/4/2018", "text": "I FINALLY made it to Monty's! And I was not disappointed. I was surprised at the line being that we went around 10:30am on a Wednesday but the 10 minute wait was not the end of the world. The staff was friendly and we were waited on in a very timely matter. I opted to try the french toast which was mouth watering delicious. I also tried ordering a donut but was disappointed to find out they are only served on the weekends! All their desserts looked delicious but they were a little to expensive for my college budget so I had to pass. I will definitely be back to try some dinner food or explore other menu items!"}, {"review_id": "3g_t41NCLnN6vk0iFnoLnQ", "user_id": "7lUIgjnDU8b0o9DWzJ-zSA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "3/18/2018", "text": "We went for a late dinner around 8ish, so it wasn't crazy busy like most of the other reviews stated. We sat down right away because it was late. First impression, this place is awesome total 50's diner style. Loved the look, the classic long counter with stools, dessert counter to look at all the pie options- it was great. We sat in a booth and began looking at the menu. If you're a vegan, there's a ton of options. I've never seen a Diner with so many classic foods made vegan, so even though I'm not I thought that was something worth noting. They also serve alcohol and have spotted cow on draft. Some of my friends tried the raspberry Moscow mules, reported they were great , and I tried some and I agree. But upon receiving the second drink, it tasted extremely different- less raspberry flavor, more vodka. So their drink consistency is off or it was the end of the night. Another thing was that our waitress was not super attentive, she spent a lot of time in the kitchen talking to the cooks which we could see from the cook window. Maybe because it was the end of the night? But we were looking to get in and get out before they closed and it didn't seem like she was in any hurry. I chose the meatloaf (meatloaf of the gods) for the entree because of reviews. It was very good! I liked it a lot, but huge portion! Couldn't finish it, but that's definitely not a complaint. There was a side of marinara sauce? Maybe a nicer sauce instead of ketchup to serve with the meatloaf ? Tasted like cocktail sauce almost- I put it aside, didn't need it and also didn't like it. The mashed potatoes were good as well. The broccoli florets were huge. After dinner we shared a piece of coconut cream pie, which was amazing! Loved every bite, extremely good. Not sure if it's homemade or catered from somewhere- regardless I'm sure all pie is a safe bet here. My friends shared a peach cobbler milkshake and it did not even taste like peach. It almost tasted like strawberries or cherries. So that was odd, it definitely wasn't as good as the pie. But overall good diner style food, wish I tried the breakfast."}, {"review_id": "6p1byeBTGys87gdXXxXGEg", "user_id": "Oh63Ho1rK8HJEe2eFUfX1g", "rating": 4.0, "date": "12/5/2017", "text": "I'm a sucker for good breakfast, and Monty's does not disappoint. Their menu includes all of the classics: omelettes, pancakes, etc. along with a few unique options. I'm somewhat of a traditionalist, so have stuck with the country breakfast and omelettes on my trips here. Each time, the eggs and potatoes have been perfectly cooked. Another thing I love about this place: my coffee cup NEVER goes empty. If you're looking for a diner atmosphere with friendly service, I highly suggest stopping here!"}, {"review_id": "blDIHCxJKIx-nIpqIAoEOA", "user_id": "A4nLKGkbClTPiSWg8YVcUw", "rating": 5.0, "date": "1/16/2018", "text": "Yummmmm is all I can say. Diner breakfast turned up a notch. Arrive early or you'll be waiting for your food."}, {"review_id": "7ZQG5Q-pZpjRjjPMx1-2mA", "user_id": "84LcETUi0qUlItCU0GjbWQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/15/2018", "text": "Such a great variety of food for those who are have allergies or other dietary restrictions. Although we had a bit of a wait, everyone in our group had a substantial number of meals to pick, and enjoyed what they decided to get. Plus, the wait staff keep the coffee coming! Cannot wait to return."}, {"review_id": "UBFLcMrOuSWUQptPlEzChg", "user_id": "L1ECBlL3fro9Xu95af5DXQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "4/9/2018", "text": "Great homemade soups, Such a tasty place. It was crazy busy but once we got seated everything flowed at the right pace. Always try the soups!"}, {"review_id": "inWO9F1syUur9lO9D1tjxw", "user_id": "KViAfL75-D4FLdH9OUcuPg", "rating": 3.0, "date": "10/2/2017", "text": "This diner aims for a 50s diner aesthetic. I really liked the blue interiors and the bar/booth style seating inside.The food was okay. I ordered a scrambled, which had tomatoes, onions, and bell peppers mixed in. I appreciated that the breakfast potatoes were not too salty. Coffee was decently strong too.Overall we had a relatively pleasant experience here and I feel relatively neutral about the place, hence the 3 stars. I've heard the pie and donut game is strong here so I'll definitely be back to try."}, {"review_id": "XZ7HeLod1p8vJsv3AJc-JQ", "user_id": "e1gN78RzW0GQaQd2BS9yiQ", "rating": 5.0, "date": "8/17/2017", "text": "Went here for the first time and we loved it!! My husband and I are vegan and finding places to eat without just ordering a salad and fries is very difficult. For our anniversary, he scouted out some Madison vegan/vegetarian-friendly places and this restaurant's menu compelled me to pick it for our date. Why else we loved Monty's:-Plenty of parking available (in their own lot) in what I thought may be a crammed downtown area-Delicious menu of breakfast served all day, sandwiches, and desserts (regular or veg/vegan friendly!!)-friendly staff-FAST service--we waited maybe 10 min for our food(He ordered a sandwich with fries and I ordered banana walnut pancakes) with water refills-Reasonable prices (a dinner bill at $20?!)-Cute diner feel Even though this place is a bit of a drive for us, we will be back!"}, {"review_id": "p4RwyxylgKZkRxeFCAqQTg", "user_id": "9brb3jp3oZVIlL5jt4ilCA", "rating": 4.0, "date": "2/13/2017", "text": "Tried this place out for the Food Fight Foodie Week and it's great diner food and gives you a good family-style feeling when you're there. Portions were super generous and filling! With 4, we family styled and tried a good selection:Biscuits and gravy (standard, no complaints); Grilled Vegetable and Spinach Salad - very good and quite interesting as a hot salad, but I thought the lemon vinaigrette and grilled veggies made the dish quite oily; Meatloaf of the Gods and The Ultimate Mac and Cheese - can't go wrong with either, both yummy! Dessert was stellar with French silk pie, Mississippi Mud pie, Fat Elvis Shake, and Silver Dollar Pancakes (switched blueberries for chocolate chips)! If you must get one I recommend the Mississippi pie!Parking is a little bit of a pain and service was friendly but should be weary to not give out plates so quickly for a 3-course meal and time it out."}], "https://www.yelp.com/biz/montys-blue-plate-diner-madison?adjust_creative=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA&start=20&utm_campaign=yelp_api_v3&utm_medium=api_v3_business_search&utm_source=t_Pv8b42mVVirl02q-i0FA"]